It was nearing my beautiful wife’s 44thbirthday, and I thought it would be great to take her on an overseas holiday as a birthday present. I wanted it to be a total surprise, one she really didn’t see coming.We’d travelled overseas on several mission trips before but never on a holiday together, just the two of us, just to relax and enjoy each other. Leah works tirelessly and selflessly in the ministry, giving to others of both her time and her personal resources without murmuring or complaining. She also gives so much to me in our marriage, and I’ve been truly blessed to have her as my partner in life and love. A birthday holiday for Leah would be the best way for me to show her just how much she means to me.Time and time again, Leah and I spoke and dreamt together about our dream holiday destination around the world. I never thought it would ever eventuate until some money unexpectedly came my way—a true gift from ABOVE! An absolute blessing! Our dream holiday could now become a reality.As we were accustomed to taking missions trips to countries with a warm humid climate, a holiday destination somewhere totally different was very much at the top of our bucket list. The most talked about was a holiday in the snow, perhaps the mountains of Austria or Switzerland; we could never decide. So, being the free-spirited surfer that I am, I tossed a coin—heads! Austria here we come!The secret planning began. I spent much of my alone time scanning the internet for popular places to stay, hotels, ski resorts, chalets, cabins… the options seemed endless. I finally found the most picturesque log cabin nestled into the side of a snow-covered mountain that overlooked a quaint little village. Leah was going to love the serenity of it all; I just knew she would. It looked so perfect, offering all that we could possibly need: a nice big four-poster bed, a big open fireplace, a balcony, as well as all the mod cons. Even the meals would be catered. I could not have asked for more.After a week or more of emails and secret phone calls, everything was booked. I was so excited at the thought of having my beautiful Leah all to myself; it was difficult not to let anything slip to my very perceptive wife. Life went on as usual, but inside of me, the wait seemed endless.Knowing Leah would need to pack some basic essentials to travel, I devised a plan suggesting we go away to a local holiday place for her birthday weekend. Leah seemed content with the idea of a weekend away; my unsuspecting wife had no idea my plans were coming together.  Meanwhile, I double-checked that her passport was up to date and locked away in a safe place.After what seemed like an eternity, the day finally arrived. I will never forget the look on Leah’s face when, instead of going in the direction of the local holiday spot, we took the international airport turnoff from the highway. At first, she argued that I had made a wrong turn, but when the reality hit her that we were going overseas for a holiday, she shed tears of excitement. And seeing Leah happy is all I’ve wanted.She asked about the destination, but I would not breathe a word; mum’s the word. Of course, Leah started guessing, but cheeky me wouldn’t even give her a clue. I’ve always liked suspense and build-up in more than just a sexual way.After a great flight and a smooth transition into the country, we soon arrived at our holiday accommodation. It was everything I imagined it would be, a dream come true for both Leah and me. Leah turned around and put her arms around me as happy tears overwhelmed her. “Thank you” were the only words she could muster.I told Leah how much I loved and appreciated her, especially after the last few months of her struggling with her health. I said I needed to do something special, to show her just how much she is cherished.After unpacking a few things in the cabin, we took a ski buggy down to the little village as Leah needed to do a bit of shopping to stock up on warm clothes. She has amazing taste in clothing, so she looked unsurprisingly gorgeous in her new outfits, which she fitted on for me to see. We had a look around a few of the village shops and then returned to the cabin to take full advantage of the stunning view. As we enjoyed drinks on the cabin balcony, I had to pinch myself.Is this real?I thought.Am I really in this beautiful part of the world with my precious wife?After a while, we began to feel the evening chill, so we decided to retreat to the warmth of the big open fire. Already, we could feel ourselves start to unwind from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. The big soft rug in front of the fire seemed to beckon us, and before long we found ourselves lying in front of the flaming logs. The sun slipped away, leaving us only the golden flickering light of the fire.As I looked at Leah, I could see her joy to find herself in such a breathtaking setting. Her face glistened in the firelight. Gazing into each other’s eyes, we could both feel the passion starting to rise. Those silent conversations between Leah and me say so much.As I leaned forward to kiss her beautiful lips, I could feel my cock begin to harden, and Leah’s nipples responded by standing erect beneath her jumper. I ran my fingers over them in appreciation, rolling them gently between my thumb and finger. They seemed to harden even more with my every touch. I slowly helped Leah out of her jumper, and I took it upon myself to loosen her bra. Her clothing slipped off so easily, and I admired her bare breasts in the glow of the fire. Everything about my Leah is so womanly and inviting.I could not help but fondle her beautiful big breasts; I began to kiss them. The sound of her contented moans grew louder as I started to suck her breasts all over. Then, finding a nipple with my lips, I took it gently into my mouth and caressed it with my warm tongue.Leah’s response in our times of intimacy is something I will always treasure; I experience such joy in doing things that I know she really loves.With slow deep kisses, we continued to undress each other and before long all our clothes lay strewn across the floor. We embraced on the soft rug in the warmth of the fire, enjoying the feeling of skin on skin. My gentle kisses on Leah’s neck were met with deep contented sounds. Her beautiful hands reached down to feel my hardness, encircling my cock. With that familiar touch, she gently stroked me, encouraging me into a deeper level of embrace.Leah always goes to so much trouble to look and smell beautiful for me, something I have grown to love and dearly appreciate. The perfume on her neck acted as an aphrodisiac, causing more pre-cum to ooze from the head of my cock. She seemed to enjoy the feel of it spilling into her hand.As she lay on her back, I continued to kiss Leah’s naked body, savouring the feel of her soft skin on my lips. My head slid down from her beautiful breasts until I found my tongue enjoying her swollen clit. The smell and taste of her wetness intoxicated me.  Her hips began to lift rhythmically in response to the actions of my tongue as if asking for more, and I happily obliged. I’ll do anything for my beautiful wife.My cock was rigid by now, waiting for that perfect moment to go deep inside her. Leah’s legs opened wider, and her wetness flowed as if inviting me to mount her. I welcomed that silent call, and as I manoeuvred on top of her, I allowed the head of my cock to tease the outside of her wet pussy. We were both so ready to make deep passionate love.As I slowly slid deep inside her, her legs wrapped around me and her feet locked together, as if to say, “I really want you.” I slowly started to move in and out of her tight wet pussy, using the whole length of my shaft. I could feel Leah’s hands reach around and grip my butt, pulling me in with every deepening thrust. Her nails digging in encouraged me to go harder and faster. We moved together in perfect rhythm with every thrust.There was a sweet exchange of loving words as we looked into each other’s eyes. Leah’s heavy rapid breathing and her louder moans told me that she was close to climaxing. I wanted to be sure that she had an amazing orgasm and whispered to her to go for it with everything she had; Leah does that so well. I love watching my beautiful wife get lost in the moment.As the pace quickened, I soon heard those beautiful words from her lips: “I am going to cum my love.”“I am ready when you are, babe,” I replied. I could feel her whole body begin to tighten in anticipation, Together we both exploded with an incredible orgasm, all our love for one another expressed in such a beautiful and meaningful way.  It felt amazing to empty myself into her; being one with Leah in that way brings my heart and soul so much joy.With our bodies now starting to relax, we lay intertwined in the glow of the fire. We enjoyed the afterglow of our own fiery lovemaking session. Leah rested her head on my chest, and I ran my fingers through her beautiful soft dark hair. Now fully at ease, we laughed and shared our dreams and hearts’ desires. I have lived for these special moments with my precious Leah for as long as I can remember. I gave her my heart in the dusty plains of Africa, and now she is forever mine.I silently thanked the LORD for my beautiful woman and for the opportunity of sharing her birthday in this special way. The rest is still unwritten…