This is a fantasy I have for my future husband and me. References I make in here reflect my millenial/Gen Z era experiences. (I was born in ‘98.) I imagine myself married to someone who is not only my lover but also my best friend—someone I can be my goofy, dorky, self with and still have hot, steamy, and dirty sex.It starts with a cool autumn night. I finish work in the afternoon, but I had some tasks around the house I have been procrastinating on. As I do the laundry, I start folding my husband’s shirt. It’s still warm from the dryer and smells like him, my favorite scent. Then my mind goes to other places.I think about our first time and how beautiful it was. Then I think about how he bent me over the table one time and fucked me into oblivion until I came all over him.My core is heating up, and I rub my legs together to feel it more. I want him so badly, but I don’t act on the urge because I want to save all that horniness for him.I text him. “Don’t make any plans for later. I have a fun idea we can try.”“Got it. I will be getting off soon. Do you want to have dinner beforehand?”“Oh, yeah. Uhmm, sorry I didn’t get to making anything. I got a little, uhh, distracted.”“That’s okay. Do you want me to pick up something?”“Can I have you for dinner?” He loves it when I flirt with him.“I like the sound of that, but let’s get some real food first. I am off the clock in 20 minutes, so I’ll see you in 45.”He walks through the door, and I act completely innocent and kiss him gently and lightly. We get the food out that he picked up on his way home.“Okay, now I’m actually pretty hungry for real.””For food or for me?” He gives me a smirk.”Food, right now; you later.” I grin back.After eating, I suggest that we play a video game. We turn on our console, and I finally tell him what my idea is.“I have a silly idea. What if every time one of us loses, they have to strip off one piece of clothing?”“Well, you’re going to be naked by the end of it because you know how good I can be at this game.”I know damn well that he’s going to beat me most every time, and I’m totally fine with it. The first match, he wins, so I take off my bra underneath my shirt. I’m sure he thought I would take off the shirt first.Second match, he again claims victory. I take off my pants. As we play another match, I see him getting distracted by my panties. Now is my chance to strike!He’s still so tough to compete with, but finally I get the upper hand and win the last match. He takes off his shirt. Then I surprise him by saying, “I want to play a different game now, but it has different rules, so pay attention.“Let’s take turns playing the single player game. However, since only one of us plays at a time, the other will be giving the player oral sex or hand stuff. This continues until they either lose all their lives (in the game) or cum!””That does sound silly, but I’m so down. Let’s try it.”“So it’s like, if you cum, it’s game over for you, mister.”“I want to lick your pussy first, so you be player one.”During my turn, I struggled to focus on the game because his tongue flicking against my clit and licking my opening is so distracting. But it just makes me want to put him in my mouth. This goes on for a little bit, and within 10 minutes, I’m cumming hard.“Fuckkkk, baby. Now it’s your turn.”He starts to play, and I’m so horny that it’s hard for me to go slow. I want all of him. Putting him in my mouth, I cover his length with my tongue. I make sure he feels some suction on his cock from my lips.Five minutes in, I am deep-throating him, choking his whole length down. Suddenly he tosses the controller to the side.“Can we just get into the bedroom already? I need to take you now!!”He picks me up as I giggle, sets me down on our bed, and gets on top of me. His cock is rubbing against my entrance. He finally enters me, and I feel bliss. He thrusts in and out, and there is so much heat and intensity between us. We are at the pinnacle of passion. Soon he groans as he shoots his load into my wanting pussy.He collapses next to me, and we snuggle.“That was a great idea, baby. We should try it again sometime or think of other games to play.””Yeah, it definitely paid off. That was wonderful.” We look at the clock and see that it’s only 8 p.m.“Can we just stay like this for a while?” he whispers. At least, that’s what I think he says. I’m already nearly half asleep.