ReadPart 1 of the story here.We stood in the large, newly-remodeled shower of our time share vacation home, with multiple shower heads angled to stimulate my wife Janet in just the right spots.  I had just let her know how grateful I was that she had agreed to be my sensual playground for the morning.Janet trembled and wiggled her hips back against my pelvis and erection, but she couldn’t escape, even if it was just as a reflexive movement to stem the intensity.  She was lovingly trapped between my body and the relentless, teasing water!  I gently parted her labia just a bit further, with a beautiful effect! More tingling water hit her most vulnerable spots.“Uuhh,” she groaned, then cooed, “OH!  Ah, ooooo…”My girl, overwhelmed by this new experience of intense water play, could not form words, and it was a beautiful ‘failure’ to behold!  I dared not add any direct touch to her raging inferno of pink private flesh, but soon it didn’t matter.“Oh m-mm-yy…” Janet stuttered.  “I’m getting CLOSE!”It was obvious she needed some relief!  In a wonderful bit of sensual teamwork, she and I reacted at the same time.  I let her go as she turned herself sideways, moving her overexcited vulva out of the direct path of the water.  I stood, blocking the shower spray, so her excitement level could diminish somewhat.  Her breathing calmed a bit, but as soon as I sensed she was ‘out of danger’ of orgasming too early, I directed her to turn away from the water and bend over, and to place her hands on the built in tiled seating area.  I had one more idea I wanted to try on her beautiful body, and was hoping she hadn’t tired of my kinky, wet fun!My answer came quickly as my wife complied by leaning over the seating area and planting her hands on the tile block in the enchanted shower.  Her immediate cooperation, allowing me to position her like my own life-sized sensual toy, worked wonders on my libido, but more importantly, it meant Janet was EXTREMELY aroused as well!Now my beautiful spouse was bent over, her arms extended, hands on the seating area, and her legs spread in a medium wide inverted V.  I was still blocking most of the water coming from the wall.  I could tell if I stepped out the way, the upper stream would hit her back and the stream from the lower shower heads would hit right on her nice rump—and all her other good parts!“I LOVE playing with your sexy ass!” I growled, my hands clutching and my fingers kneading her butt cheeks!I nudged her legs open just a little wider and stepped aside.  It was as good as I envisioned—the streams of water hit her back end, and with her legs so far open, the tendrils of water struck her labia from behind.  Janet gave a little twitch and a soft little gasp as the water struck this sensitive, exposed private place on her body, and created new sensual sensations!   She obviously enjoyed the water coming at her from behind, quickly caving to the intensity by bending her elbows so her forearms were folded, resting on the tile block.  This pointed her backside a little more up in the air, so her private flesh was even more directly in the stream of tantalizing water.“Is my girl liking this?”I teased.The answer was obvious, but always more erotic if I could get her to confess it!“Ooooooh, yes sir!”my wife gurgled.“PLEASE!PLEASE don’t stop!”Oh my!Her adding that little “sir” made my erection twitch!Janet was quite the erotic sight as she kept lightly moaning, shifting her butt side to side, back and forth, in a most provocative manner, as she now craved the new, intense, watery, carnal sensation.  It was so erotic to see her responding so well!  I stoodbeside her, caressing the backs of her thighs, rear and hips.“I’m gonna play a while,” I stated.“When you get close,we’ll move to the bed and I’ll finish you off with a good pounding!”“GOD… Yes please…” Janet was happy to agree.I slowly and gently used one fingertip from each hand to trace the full round curves of her butt cheeks, adding more fingers as I played.Then I went back to a single fingertip to tease very lightly on the sensitive square inch of her perineum.Tickle teasing there was VERY effective.  I saw her scrunch her toes while her legs trembled, and she mewled in delight, her head going up and down—the familiar head bob of her uncontrollable delight!“Oooo,” I said softly.  “Do you like it there?”I teased into the rearmost folds where her outer pussy lips formed from her private flesh.That area is soooo sensitive.I heard Janet slap the tile with her hands, groaning a little as well!“Oh,”I smiled.“You DO like it here, my naughty little wife?”At the moment, she was in another world of sensual bliss!“Gaaawww…” Janet moaned.“Y-y-esssss…”“That’s a good girl, telling me the truth,”I murmured.“And good girls get rewards!”“Please!”pleaded my lovely wife.“Oh yes, and here it is,”I said in a growling voice.I let my fingers explore over her wet, slippery vulva, and I carefully caressed the swollen inner pussy lips.  I let my fingers work forward, near the sensitive ‘danger zone’ where her clit lives.  It was chancy, but I couldn’t resist teasing her willing body this way.When I played near her swollen bud, Janet moaned sensually, and reached back and grabbed my erection, milking it expertly.My own arousal was skyrocketing when she groaned, “PLEASE!!”Her voice had an extra bit of frenzy!“What’s wrong?”I smiled.I LOVE to pretend I don’t know why she was so stressed!Janet was loud and frantic!“I’m SO CLOSE!We HAVE to finish HERE! PLEASE!”Though I was certainly hoping to work my wife into a frenzy, I was still surprised by our supreme excitement and her impending meltdown!During previous shower adventures, we got pretty far along and then moved to the more comfortable bed for the ‘finishing’ actions.Today would require a change of plans!  We had both gotten so worked up from the sensual water play, and maybe the added excitement of knowing our friends were on the way.  It all added to our extreme desire, and now we were too far along to do anything but stay in the steamy shower!My wife’s degree of arousal, along with her bent over posture, created a perfect scenario for the doggy style position, but I really wanted some face to face variation!“Baby,” I begged,“I want to see your face while we finish!”I wanted it for the intimacy, better contact with me pressing against her clit, and how it allows for our favorite chest and nipple play.  And I just love seeing her large breasts dancing in front of my eyes as we go at each other.  Now, with BOTH of us frantic for an orgasm, we couldn’t waste our fantastic buildup—we HAD to make something work!“We HAVE to use the tile seating area!”I urged.  “PLEASE!”“Awwwwe…” My sweet wife cooed.I’ll turn around!”I was willing to try anything at this point for our satisfaction!  While she turned,I grabbed a thick, white bath towel and laid it on the tile block.  This would give Janet’s skin some comfort and protection from any friction created as we went at each other like untamed sex maniacs!“Will this work?” I asked.  Janet sat on the towel and leaned back, reclining onto the now padded flat surface.“I think so!” she said, wiggling around as she settled herself on the cushioned platform.As it turned out, her height was perfect for the depth of the seat.  My girl could recline nearly flat and let the shower wall support her head and keep it propped forward.  Her rear wound up at the edge of the tile block.  She bent her knees, raised her legs, and tried to get her thighs pulled back against her torso.  This is the familiar legs up, thighs pressed back position we use many times when we are in bed.  It is a great variation of missionary, as I can hold her legs back, tease her pussy mercilessly, and then enter into her for a fantastic finish.  My wife lovingly teases me about using the position, and how I like to bend her in half like a pretzel!The problem was the mismatch in heights with my erection and its beautiful, aching target!  I couldn’t just stand upright and enter my sweet young thing’s inviting love tunnel!For proper lovemaking, I needed to lean toward her open legs, allowing my hips to dip down and give my manly weapon the best angle to enter her ready vault.  After leaning forward like that, I wouldn’t be able to hold her legs up and back like I do in our bed—it would be too much weight against her lower limbs.The only solution was to use at least one hand to brace myself against the wall behind Janet.  This allowed the best adjustments for the angle and height of my erection, and I could maintain control of my pelvis for the best lower movements for our mutual satisfaction.  The previously hatedvertical safety bar once again turned out to be our savior accessory!  Janet could press against the bar with the bottom of her foot!  This kept her left leg up, and she could use her right arm to hold the other leg in position.  Or I could use my left arm to help as well!Our positioning problems were essentially solved!  Believe me, it took longer to describe it than to do it.  But it sets the tone for how excited we both were and how quickly we worked together to find a solution so we could satisfy each other for the rest of our playtime!  Just like newlyweds trying things out for the first time!“Oh, yeah,” I smiled at the opportunity.I stood between her legs and dipped my pelvis down to allow a good angle for my aching erection.“Comfortable?” I asked sincerely as I leaned forward and braced one hand on the wall behind her.  With my free hand I brought the tip of my rigid organ to her waiting entrance.As she looked at my erection with wanton eyes and relished what was about to happen, Janet murmured “Uh, huh. Now get IN me!”I’ll admit, seeing her in this awkward position, with her head bent a little forward, legs up the air, one foot against the safety rail, the other thigh clutched hungrily in my hand—it was exciting!  It showed she cared about us pounding the daylights out of each other above actual comfort!But it was the primal look on her face, her gleaming eyes focused on my male parts, and her obvious and absolute desire to cooperate for our mutual pleasure that was sooo erotic!  It was not going to be the easiest position to maintain, but our ravenous appetites for each other were going to make for a quick, intense finish!  I pressed my hips forward, all the way!Success was advertised by loud groans from each of us, but I was determined that before we were finished, at least Janet would be celebrating with much increased volume!  She had allowed me this new, exciting, powerful position (with her bent like a pretzel, I essentially had all control), and I was going to reward her the best way possible—by making sure she had the sweetest, most intense, and hopefully loudest orgasm I could bring her!  What fortunate man doesn’t relish that opportunity?  Once inside of her, I began steadily thrusting.  With this face to face position, at the end of each thrust, I could add a bit more pressure and nicely grind my hairy pubis against her sensitive clit!  The towel under her rump helped keep her in place as I kept going at her!Every deep thrust forward I grunted loudly like an animal in lust! “HAAA!  HAAAA!HARRRRRRGHHH!  OMG!” were MY uncontrollable outbursts, and my wife punctuated every one of my poundings with some vocals of her own!“YES!  OH YESSS!SIR, PLEEASE!ONE MORE!” were some of the more thrilling calls of delight I heard from my girl’s lips!As I worked my hips to our satisfaction, I could trade off with my hands, always keeping one against the wall for stability while using the other one to help hold her leg up, or fondle her large, slippery breasts and tweak and tease her very sensitive nipples!  Janet could also use a hand to hold her leg up or play with my chest and nipples, working me into a similar frenzy of desire and need!After our well managed, grinding thrusts, our orgasms were upon us, and we both groaned and wailed in total satisfaction and primal exuberance!  We were both VERY noisy.  My sounds were shorter and deeper tone.  Janet’s were a higher pitch, lasted longer, and to my ears, a bit louder and more frantic!Of course, I counted her helpless responses as my own victory since I had been the loving initiator of this morning’s wild escapade.  And I had predicted she’d be making some noise before we were through!  There was just something extra with all the sensual water play, the different position, and the sensations of us clambering against each other with such sensual enthusiasm!  It was so satisfying that we as a couple had adapted so well to a new adventure in shower fun, and our bodies were able to meld together so well.After our mutual eruptions, we slowed down and disengaged carefully.  I turned off the jets, then we helped each other dry off, and began fixing our hair and dressing for the day and our friends’ arrival.  As it turned out, we had plenty of time before the friends were to arrive, so we could relax while getting ready.“Oh, my,” Janet murmured, smiling. “I can’t believe the hot water lasted that long!  How much do you think we used?”“Who cares?” I grinned.  “If we drained it, it was worth every drop!”“Yeah,” my wife sighed. “It definitely was!”“And I must say,” I continued, “that safety bar turned out to be a lifesaver, after all!”“Yeah,” she said, “It saved YOUR kinky fun!”“OUR kinky fun!” I corrected her, then smiled, “You were pretty wild! And loud!”“Yeah…” Janet half blushed from my reminder and the memory of our just finished, wild adventure, then just smiled back to acknowledge her own pleasure from our experience.  A few minutes later, we were still talking, and her hair was still obviously damp when our friends arrived.  I was just finishing a sentence to my companion as I got to the entrance.  “See there?” I joked. “Finished, and with time to spare!”But as I opened the door, our friend John heard the last bit of my sentence, and wondered about our topic of conversation. “What do you mean?” he innocently asked.  “Finished?  Were you two having a race?”“Sort of…” I said, looking at Janet.  She was giving me the stern look that said “You’d better not spill the beans on our morning activities!”I would NEVER take that chance, and NEVER risk spoiling our time together with our friends!After a brief pause, John went back to the topic of our fictional race.“So were you two really having a race?”my boring friend asked.Recovering nicely, I said, “Oh… yeah, just a little contest to see who can get up and be ready first!”“Daryl is usually ‘up’ first!” My sweet innocent wife smiled.John looked at Janet’s still damp hair, then back at me.  “So I guess you won?” he said, matter-of-factly.“Ehh…” I smiled.  “As usual, it was a tie!  We pretty much always finish at about the same time!”“Yes,” Janet smiled.“Just in time to start our day!”My wife gave me another little look after my innuendo, but with her eyes smiling.  It was obvious our plain vanilla friends were oblivious to the sensual, sexual mayhem that we had enjoyed that morning.Janet and I did exchange some knowing glances during the rest of the day—and a few more innuendos that only we understood.  I must say, hot and heavy cavorting in the shower really makes for a great rest of the day!And we thoroughly enjoy having our little secrets!