The following story is about district attorney Al and Jen, a registered nurse. They create a fantasy video. Al variously plays the role of himself and the role of a medical review board officer. Jen, his wife plays the role of a sexy nurse. She is brought before the review board for “conduct unbecoming.”“Nurse Jennifer, I’ve been given a report that you managed to enter District Attorney Alistair’s hotel room uninvited. The pretense for this visit was to address his, ahem, problem and then to ‘cure it’ by, it says here, ‘riding him cowgirl style.’ The report goes on to suggest that you invited your ‘patient’ to help ‘prepare’ you to engage in the aforementioned ‘riding.’ Do you have any comment regarding the veracity of this report?”Jennifer was standing in front of the review officer’s table. She paused in her languid activity of unbuttoning the blouse of her nurse’s uniform to answer his question. “Whale, ah don’t know ’bout ’racity. Are you wond’rin’ ’bout my ridin’? Reckon you’d have to ask the DA. Or—” She popped another button and leaned over the table, cupping her bosom with her hands. “Perhaps you’d like to do sum ridin’ ’tween these girls.”“The report goes on to describe that you sent the DA a text message before going to his hotel room. Is that correct?”“Yes. The text was ‘Remember Cancun?’ I included a picture of his wife, naked, in their bed. Her legs were spread wide open—you could see all the way to heaven. She was pleasuring herself. I knew the DA was nearin’ the end of a hard, protracted trial. I thought he might enjoy a diversion. Do you need a copy of the picture for your report?” The blouse now lay abandoned on the floor; Jennifer had not been wearing a bra.“Thank you, but that won’t be necessary. Let’s continue. Court records indicate that while the DA delivered an excellent closing argument, one which apparently won the case for his client, he appeared a bit distracted during the delivery. In fact, he fell asleep while waiting for the jury to return from deliberation.”“Do tell. Seems you’re distracted yourself. You like staring at my boobs, don’tcha? Wanna suck on ’em, or are you going to continue with your dreary report?”“I can understand how the DA might have been distracted after receiving the picture and that he may have been suffering some fatigue from his work at the court. I’m suggesting you took advantage and concluded you could go to his hotel room to seduce him.”“No-sir-ee. Weren’t no s’ducing goin’ on, whatever that might be. All’s I can say is his fingers know how to dance in my bush.”“What the DA and his wife might have done on vacation is not my concern. You presenting yourself as a medical professional to ‘cure’ him of some malady by ‘riding cowgirl’ is my concern. I know of no ‘riding cowgirl’ procedure in the medical journals. Perhaps you can explain.”“A few days before this incident, the DA’s wife had visited him. She was hoping to get screwed, but what with the trial bein’ so long and with its stress, he were needin’ a particular sort of encouragement. The ‘Cancun legs’ picture was part of the encouragement. On this particular day, I visited. We’uns had sex, me on top; he wanted to play with my boobs. Ah ’ave a video.”(Sound of the whir of the electronic latch unlocking the door.)“Your wife sez you be needin’ a nurse.”“The last few days, I’ve had a problem getting it up.”“Cop a feel of my boobs if you like while I rub your crotch. Doesn’t seem like a hard problem to me.”“The symptoms definitely seemed to have disappeared in the past few seconds. But you’re a nurse. A professional. You seem quite experienced in handling this particular difficulty. The hard thing is, you just said you knew my wife quite well. Will she be okay with you getting me off?”“I think so. ’Specially if pawing ’tween my legs helps.”“Well, you giving me a hand is one thing. Will it help me to get off in her pussy?”“Shucks, yes. Have you ’scussed this problem with her?”“It’s not exactly the sort of conversation a man looks forward to having with his wife.”“I understand. Just to be clear. You’re okay with your nurse givin’ you a hand with this problem?”“What do you suggest?”Al watched breathlessly as the nurse opened her lab coat, shrugged, and let it fall silently to the floor. The dark red color of the full-body stocking contrasted sharply with the nurse’s white cap. Her hand returned to playing between her legs—the “Remember Cancun?” legs.“I ’spect you should remove your clothes as well.”“Can you make it go away?”“More like can I make it cum. It may take several treatments before the healing is complete.”“You’re wearing a wedding band. Are you sure your husband won’t mind you spending the night away from home?”“I’m quite sure ’e wants me to work away from home tonight.”While Al opened a bottle and poured the wine, nurse Jen reached around his waist from behind and started releasing his belt buckle and unzipping his pants. After pulling down his briefs, she stood in front of him and accepted the offered drink. Her right hand reached down to massage his no longer timid erection. His right hand groped at the nurse’s breasts and rolled a nipple between several fingers.“To sexy nurses.”Between sips of wine, the patient began to strip the nurse of her stocking. They started making out.“To handsome district attorneys.”Al went over to the bed and, as instructed, lay on his back with his head down by the foot of the bed. Jen climbed on above him and lowered her chest to dangle her boobs above Al’s face. “I read your chart earlier. How do you like this view?”“It’s great as long as it’s okay to be seeing double. Are you sure about this? I would have thought they frowned upon such things in nursing school.”“It wasn’t taught in class, if that’s what you mean. Had enough of my boobs? I see something else here that needs attention.”Are you really sure this is the correct treatment?”“Once it’s in my… ah mean, ah think you’ll ’preciate my work. Ah need your help with something. Your healin’ is progressing better than ’spected.” Al’s head was now nestled between the nurse’s knees. Heaven was only a few inches above his mouth. “Probe my cunt. It’s been days since it’s seen anything as big as this thing in my mouth.” After a second or two of wet silence, Jen added, “You need to massage my lips and slide a finger or two in to stretch it in preparation.”“Play with your cunt?”“Well, I s’pose I could try takin’ care of your problem with my tongue, but it might not be sufficient to bring things to the desired end. Let’s at least try.”“Ok. You’re the nurse.”“Yes. Oh that’s good, sooo good.” A slurp interrupted Jen’s dialogue. “This will definitely help me to take care of your problem. It certainly’s takin’ care o’ mine. Ohh my. Ohhhh. That’s exactly what the nurse wants.”(Audio and visual interlude of thunderclaps, lightning, canon fire, and an orchestral finale as Jen orgasms.)“Nurse? Nurse? Are you okay? I thought I was doing as you instructed me. I didn’t hurt you, did I?”“Definitely not. ‘Twas exactly what needed to happen before I—we—could proceed with the treatment. I can see it’s more than ready to continue. Guide it in, into me. The deeper, the better.”“Wow. You really are on top of your game. The next time I need a nurse, I’m going to be sure to ask for you. While you’re attending to my “problem” do you mind if I stare at your boobs? They really are quite something. Maybe I should put my hands on them as well. To help you maintain your balance.”“Oh! I can feel your penis slidin’ in. So delicious. Hope you like me bein’ tight and all. In, farther—farther. You like it when I squeeze your shaft? I take it from your groanin’ and your eyes rollin’ back in your head that you do. I’m very confident your relief is imminent. I can tell from the way your hips rise to meet mine. That guarantees you will get the maximum benefit.”The hot river of liquid. Of love. Of satisfaction.Al and Jen, husband and wife, shared a fine steak and studied the empty wine glasses as they relaxed on the padded floor in front of the fire. Al pulled Jen closer to fondle her breasts before carefully lowering her to the floor. He climbed over to sit on her torso and rested his penis in the valley between her breasts.“I didn’t know nurses remained for dinner and drinks when making house calls. The after-dinner entertainment isn’t too bad either. Do you need to conduct another examination?”“Perhaps I should. Bring that thing of yours and put it in my mouth. Your wife has learned the art of sucking off her husband and taught me the same skill; cock-sucking was not in the syllabus at nursing school.”“You’ve done it. I’m about to cum again.”“Of course. I’m good at what I do. When you do, pull out and spray it into my hair.” The video screen went dark and the lights came on. “Seems I need to do another patient, then I reckon this review will reach its climax.”The medical review officer was unzipping his pants. He had no more questions for the nurse as he pulled her skirt away and slid her panties down to the floor. The ‘Cancun legs’ spread once again. She was wonderfully tight.He filled her pussy.