Sarah K wrote this article called a Girls Practical Guide to Sexual Purity. We placed this discussion poll here to check out.How do you believe masturbation can play a role in maintaining sexual purity? (Pick three Answers)Recognizing Masturbation as a Gift from God - Using masturbation to honor and understand your body as a creation of God.Embracing the Health Benefits of Masturbation - Utilizing masturbation for stress relief, pain relief, improved sleep, and overall well-being.Practicing Self-Care and Healthy Habits - Honoring your body as the temple of the Holy Spirit by maintaining a healthy lifestyle, including masturbation.Developing Spiritual Life and Enjoying Your Body -  Glorifying God in your body, giving thanks for your sexuality, and enjoying orgasms as a celebration of life.Balancing Physical and Spiritual Well-being -  Ensuring a healthy balance between physical pleasure and spiritual growth through masturbation.Enhancing Emotional and Mental Health  - Using masturbation to enhance your mood, alleviate anxiety or depression, and promote overall mental health.What are your thoughts about this conversation? Share in the CommentsView ResultsLoading ...Girls practical guide to sexual purityThis started as an answer to a specific question. As I started writing, I thought a more general story would be useful.This is about practical help for a single girl working on her sexual purity, (married and guys can make use of this too.)Before we begin, I want to emphasize not to obsess about your body and sexuality.We need to be balanced between our spiritual and physical sides. You do need to look after your body, exercise, eat well, andget enough sleep. Also do spend some time with your hands between your legs enjoying your sexual self, but not the whole day, exercise is good for you but you don’t run the whole day, you still need to pray, eat and serve God through charity and good relationships, especially those of your family.John 4:24 “God is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in truth.”James 1:27 “Religion that God our Father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress and to keep oneself from being polluted by the world.”Proverbs 31:8-9 “Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, for the rights of all who are destitute. Speak up and judge fairly; defend the rights of the poor and needy.”Pray, and study the bible and holy writings.Firstly, I say pray and ask God for his help in achieving a healthy biblical woman’s sexuality.https://marriageheat.com/2013/06/28/solomons-bride/(Also read my comment https://marriageheat.com/2013/06/28/solomons-bride/#comment-60344)After prayer, masturbation is key to that. Learning to know your body in preparation for giving yourself to your husband is merely one of the benefits and not the primary reason.1 Cor 6:20, “glorify God in your body”Romans 12:1, “offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God.”For animals, sex is about procreation, for humanity, it is much more than that. Matthew 6:6 “But when you pray, go into your inner room”. It can be about pleasure, but for Christians, it should be more than that. (It is not wrong to masturbate for pleasure just because you are horny or to have sex with your husband when you are married).Masturbation is a gift from God. We must honour him, give thanks and offer back to him, and celebrate the gifts of our body and sexuality. We do that by masturbating ourselves, it is between us and him. Our sexuality is for the intimacy and creating of life with our husband. But it is primarily about God, an image of Him (which like all things is a poor image.) Orgasm is a foretaste of the ecstasy we have when we stand before him, that is why it is in marital sex as the uniting of the two bodies images God and has the potential to create new life. But with masturbation, it is between us and him. It is also beautiful and all beauty comes from God.(That is not to say beauty can not be abused. The use of masturbation can also be abused, but that is not because masturbation is bad, which it is not, as masturbation at heart is a gift from God and therefore must be good, but because many things can be twisted and abused.(This above paragraph highlights the importance of masturbation regardless of your state of life. As a Christian you should be regularly masturbating yourself even when you are married or never intend to marry.)—– —– —–Health benefits of masturbationWhat God has created good, comes with benefits.(Having so many benefits (not exhaustive) is one of the proofs that masturbation is God’s gift to us. Another proof to keep in mind is that it is beautiful – just ask any good husband – and God alone is the author of all things beautiful.)https://marriageheat.com/2024/05/24/visual-heat/#comment-62420Stress relief: Masturbation is a natural and safe way to relieve stress. It can help you relax by releasing endorphins, which are the body’s natural feel-good hormones.Pain relief: Masturbation releases endorphins that can act as natural pain relievers. It may help ease menstrual cramps, headaches, or muscle tension.Improved sleep: The endorphins and relaxation associated with masturbation can have a positive effect on sleep quality, promoting overall restfulness.Provides a cardio workout as it elevates your heart rate, brings oxygen to tissues throughout the body, and regulates the nervous system. In turn, you’ll build endurance and boost overall energy.Mood enhancement: Masturbation can boost your mood and overall sense of well-being. The release of endorphins during orgasm can help alleviate symptoms of anxiety or depression.Improved pelvic floor muscle strength: Regular masturbation can strengthen the pelvic floor muscles, which can help prevent urinary incontinence and improve sexual function. And may help women maintain healthy vaginal tissue.Hormonal regulation: Masturbation can help regulate hormone levels in the body. It may help balance menstrual cycles, alleviate PMS symptoms, and improve sexual desire.Immune system boost: Some studies suggest that masturbation can boost the immune system by increasing the production of antibodies and activating the body’sdefensemechanisms.—– —– —–Practical advice.Your body is the temple of the Holy Spirit, honour God with your body. (1 Cor 6:19-20). Look after your body, eat healthy, exercise, sleep well.Masturbate yourself often and in varied ways, change position, change clothing. Try keeping your knickers on and making yourself cum in them.Spend some time thinking of sex (not the whole day, nor when you should be busy at school or work), holy matrimony, and singleness, avoid thoughts of fornication and adultery. Note that Song of Songs/Solomon has no mention of God. Find what turns your mind to sex to achieve sexual arousal. Some suggestions.1. Imagine your fantasy husband/fiance hard and stroking himself, slowly stroking his fist up and down his manhood, thinking of you as his bride. Precum oozing between his fingers as he pulls on himself. Imagine him in various positions, lying in bed, making himself cum on his belly.2. Imagine him sitting at his computer, reading a marriage-heat story you have sent him, his hardness leaking precum into his underwear, wanking himself, in honour of the value you (and he) place on sexual purity. Intentionally making himself ejaculate into his undies. Sitting there admiring his undies, wet with his semen, praying that one day this will be a sign of his sexual purity that he can show you. Between lovemaking, spending the occasion sitting side by side, masturbating yourselves to a story on Marriage-Heat.3. Imagine him wanking in a standing position, perhaps leaning against a wall or doorway, stroking his hardness as he admires hornyyouas you are.PS (This is not the ‘lust’, Jesus condemns, seehttps://marriageheat.com/2017/02/23/lust-new-perspective/)Now you have in your mind him masturbating himself in three different positions. Wanking, jerking, jacking, fingering, frigging. It is acceptable to use slang if it helps arouse you, including the ‘f’ work, ‘fuck’, also, cunt, cock, dick, tits, whatever. Just be respectful in language when talking with others. The good things from God,weshould be open about, so it is good to talk with others about masturbation, although who you share detailsafantasywithshould be done with discernment. When talking with others, don’t hide behind euphemisms, as Christians we need to be clear in our language. In such a discussion, say directly that, yes, you like masturbating yourself.Think about a variety of positions for yourself, changing how you touch yourself, your pussy, clit, breasts, nipples, and other zones you like, vary your touch.Imagine him watching you, seeing your nipples harden against your blouse, or dress, let him see up your skirt/dress, open your legs, pull it up, let him see the wet spot develop on the crotch of your knickers, let him see your fingers coaxing more wetness into your knickers. Try different clothing, ordinary everyday clothing, your glad rags, Sunday best, pantyhose, and tights. A sheer dress, sheer or semi-sheer knickers, bra, cami, skip the bra if your breasts allow it, get a quarter cup bra, and allow your nipples to stand out under your tops, even in public.Go back to the fantasy and read again. I want you to note that not once did I write about sexual contact between people, not even oral or manual sex, which like intercourse should be reserved only forinmarriage. Because there was no contact with another person, there is no question as to whether such thoughts are appropriate thoughts for singles, (they are. As a fantasy, thinking of marital sex is also okay.)I have some favourite knickers that I love to make myself cum in, soft thin, unlined ones, wetness shows up well, and pubic hair is visible through the thin material without being sheer. I also make sure I wear others, and pantyhose, and rub myself through skirts and dresses which I push between my legs to get a wet patch on the front of them.As an exercise go through your underwear draw, masturbate yourself through every pair, (not all at once, one at a time, take a few months to go through the lot.) Pick your favourite three, wear them regularly when you masturbate, rub yourself through them, get them wet, cream them, cum in them. Will they end up stained with your juices? Yes, and that is your goal, so have this in mind when you select them. This will be visible evidence of the value you place on your sexual purity, at home, wear them often. It is also an option to wear them to church, that way, your pussy marked/stained underwear hidden under your skirt is a private sign between you and God of your sexual purity. And one day you could pull up your skirt to show your beloved.The goal is to get yourself horny in different places, different situations. Masturbate in different positions with different clothingAsk a holy couple who stand before God as saints to pray for you. Try Saints Anne and Joachim the parents of Mary, the mother of our Lord. Find a mentor, a confidant here on earth so that you can discuss sexual matters and your fantasies. Consider your parents, parents shouldyourfirst teachers, especially if they gave you this to read. You should be able to have these types of conversations:https://marriageheat.com/2023/12/24/masturbation-for-single-christians/Develop your spiritual life and also enjoy your body, (1 Cor 6:20, glorify God in your body.)Above all, give thanks to God for the gift of your sexuality.(And enjoy orgasms, they are good for you.)Praise God, thanks be to God.