(A) – This story contains anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.The TV blurs on. Her blonde hair is cut short and curly. She looks so innocent. No one would guess the things we do. I like it that way. It’s our little secret. My wife fiercely loves me and I am so lucky.She walks over and removes her shirt. Her huge breasts bounce and I gasp. No bra. Her breasts are so amazing I could suck on them for hours. She had a boob job when she was eighteen. She regretted it because it was just the first step of her ex-boyfriend trying to control her, but she got out of that relationship and rebounded right into my arms. We’ve been married so many wonderful years now. I love her tits and she’s finally gotten to the point where she loves them too.“Hey baby,” I say quietly. I’m smirking, knowing that I’m driving her crazy because I’m only glancing at her, teasing her by not giving her my full attention yet. My eyes are still watching the soccer match while sitting on our couch. She hates soccer.She doesn’t say a word. She doesn’t have to. She moves in front of me, blocking my view of the television. My cock is telling me that the view of this busty blonde wiggling out of her tiny shorts is a better choice, but I’m stubborn and try glancing around her.“Pay attention.” She only has to say those words and I do as she says. I try to pretend that I’m in control, assertively telling her that she’s my fuck toy. In reality, I’m not in control at all. I crave her body so much it’s an addiction. Of course it is—I’m bonded to her.She turns around and bends over, showing me her ass. She hooks her thumbs around the thin strap of her thong and begins to tug. I notice that the tips of her nails are the same pink shade as her thong. The color reminds me of her pussy, and I suspect she’s done that on purpose.My mind is racing, but I cannot say a word. Her ass cheeks jiggle a bit as the thong slides down to her knees. I want to reach out and smack them, but she does it for me. Her round cheeks are tanned perfectly and her hourglass shape just begs to be fucked hard.“I misbehaved today and spent some money I shouldn’t have,” she said playfully. “I’ve been a naughty girl, and I need to be punished to pay you back. Any ideas?” She wiggled her ass at me suggestively.“I want your ass,” I say. I’m forceful about my request. When she’s aroused like this, she won’t say no, so I always get what I want. Her perfectly manicured fingers spread open her ass cheeks, and I see her perfect pink hole. Her pussy is dripping wet, but that’s not what draws my attention the most. As beautiful as it is, I don’t really care about fucking her pussy—not this time. It’s her beautiful pink blossom that I want.As she spreads her ass for me, I yank down my shorts. My cock is hard and oozing precum. I was hard before she came home. Hell, I was hard most of the day, thanks to her. I often start my day with a hard fuck from my little blonde wife, and I know that when she gets home, many times I’ll get her again. If she flirts with me and wants me again, I’ll never get the last word.My cock is thick and swollen. I’ve measured it and thankfully never have to fib. I’m confident in my substantial size. Sometimes it doesn’t get to its maximum length, but it always gets this hard since I’ve been hers. I’m cut, and I love how the mushroom tip throbs as I rub my hand up and down the shaft.“Climb on, baby,” I say. I reach out and grip her hip, pulling her backward to sit on me. She knowingly rubs her pussy for a moment and places her natural thick lube on her asshole. When I need her ass, I wait for her to be ready. (Yes, I’ve been trained by my wife).My eyes are glued to my cock, and I watch as she slowly lowers down on me. She knows I love watching her rosebud stretch open, and then watching each inch of my cock slowly disappear inside her naughty hole. Her cheeks make it disappear.  Her feet are planted firmly on either side of my legs, and I hold her waist for balance. As she settles onto me, her hand reaches for her clit.Once her round butt cheeks touch my stomach, I let her adjust. She is whimpering, breathing hard, and biting her lip. I sigh, feeling her pressure envelop me. She loves her rosebud to be stretched but still isn’t a fan of being full of cock. I’m a huge fan, though. Her ass is so tight that my cock is already throbbing, on the brink of orgasm.I’m about to start sliding her up and down on my pole when she starts her bucking. I grin and decide I’ll let her have her fun. I know she loves grinding back and forth, feeling her ass stretch. She can cum that way, so I just hold on and watch her. It feels good and I know she’s close because I can feel her pussy juices leaking out onto my balls.“Fuck!” she cries out. Sometimes she’s quiet when she cums, but other times she screams out profanities. She rarely swears in general, but I know I’ve had an effect on her if she does it during sex, and I love knowing the power I have over her for her pleasure.She pants irregularly and sighs as she begins to cum on my cock, with her clit and pussy pulsing. She’s had her fun, so now it’s my turn.My hands wrap around her hips, and I begin to fuck her. I don’t need my wife slow or romantic or soft right now. I need it hard. My hands hold her saucy hips, and I fuck her as hard as I can without hurting her. Her tits are shaking and her cute stomach flab is quivering. I love seeing her ass take my cock. I don’t need to see her face to know how much she’s enjoying this.I grunt loudly. I always think I can last longer than I actually can in reality. I wish I could last much longer, but her ass is just so tight! It’s probably been only a few minutes, but I bet that was her plan all along. Married sex isn’t always a marathon.Ugh! I groan in pleasure and feel myself at the brink of orgasm. Suddenly, I explode in her ass. I can feel my cock swell and feel my cum rush up and then coat my cock. I hold her tight. I know she doesn’t particularly like the feeling of cum in her ass, but it’s her own fault for being so sexy! She graciously allows it because she knows I love it so much. Once I’ve calmed down enough, I let go of her hips. She stands up and spins around.“I know I was a naughty girl for spending money today, but I hope my ass made up for it.” She gives me a look that was both innocent and so completely naughty.I glare at her as we make our way to the shower to clean up together. I knew she had spent my money, but her ass felt so good that it’s worth it. My little anal princess has way too much control over me, and I can’t help but let her have that control. As long as that beautiful ass is mine, she can spend my money all she wants, and I couldn’t care less!Besides, she doesn’t actually need my permission to spend money! Our income is ours—together—not just mine or hers. What’s mine is hers, and what’s hers is mine. That means my money is hers… and tonight, her ass is mine. It just makes for a fun excuse to have some hot sex!