Coming home from our date, I went to the kitchen to get us some wine.  You came up behind me, wrapped your arms around me, pulled my hair back, and showered my neck with soft kisses, and little bites here and there.  You spun me around and kissed me softly, and let it build into a deep, hard kiss.  Slowly you pulled my dress up until your hands squeezed my bare thighs, then sliding them around and pulling me into you tightly.Holding me tight to you, I can feel your hardness throb against my belly.  You kiss down my neck and chest to kiss all over the tops of my breasts.  Your hand slide up my thighs.  My heart is pounding out of my chest.  The heat behind my pants and the wetness building there had me longing for your touch.  Panic came over me, and I pushed you away as my brother walked into the kitchen.It was late and you thought it best to go home as we were close to letting our wanton desire take over before our wedding.  Kissing you good night, I hurried to my bedroom.  Throwing myself on the bed, I thought “One more week, one more week.”  My body was on fire.  How was I going to make it a week.  Standing up, locking my door, I tossed my dress to the floor and stood in front of the mirror, admiring myself.  I ran my hands over my breasts and squeezed them.  Rubbing, pinching and pulling my large nipples felt so good.  My hands slid down over my sunken belly and through the soft hair covering my sex.  I moaned as I felt my hot wet lips.Quickly laying down and spreading my legs wide, I enjoyed the feeling of running my fingers over my wet lips and the swollen nub of my clit. I rubbed faster in a circular motion and slowly inserted two fingers into my sex.   Only getting about an inch inside till I felt my veil.  Would it be so wrong to call him and have him spend the night with me and finish what we were starting and start over again and again?  Rubbing. Harder. Faster.  My fingers in and out.  Breathing quick and short.  Tensing up, I moan as I feel a release of my body deep in my belly. A large amount of my juices pour out of my sex.I jump as I bask in the in the pleasure I just gave myself. Then I heard a thud outside against the house. Going to the window, I noticed a white liquid running down the window glass.  Opening the window, I see the silhouette of a man running down the street.  Touching the liquid, I grin. I know exactly what it is. A man’s cum. I close the window and curtains but don’t lock the window.  I lay there for a couple minutes and I call John.  He is trying to catch his breath.“Is everything OK?” he asks.“Yes, and why are you out of breath?”  I giggle to myself.“I, umm, had to run to get my phone. It was left in the kitchen. I just called to say sorry for tonight and I love you.  One more week.”“I love you and one week can’t come fast enough, baby.”