This post includes BDSM and anal sex (A).Wendy loved being disciplined. She was naturally submissive, lusted for her husband/master, and craved anything related to submission.Ever since Brian had first suggested regular spankings and anal to her, she couldn’t stop thinking about it. “I want you in both of my holes,” she kept telling him. “I want you to enter me every morning. In fact, I want you to enter me rightnow.” She wasn’t speaking of his penis—Brian had previously expressed his intention to insert a finger or two into her anus every morning. She loved the idea; it would put her in a submissive mood first thing each day.Wendy had been fantasizing about kneeling in front of her future husband for many years. She had watched Fifty Shades of Grey with college classmates, and they all fiercely objected to the movie, calling it misogynistic, while she had been secretly aroused. Brian knew about the movie, but hadn’t watched it or read the book. He had pointed out to her that the main character was an unhealthy, psychologically-unbalanced example, not someone to be emulated. Wendy agreed. But while Brian wasn’t a fan of the book or movie, at least they were on the same page regarding her submission. Wendy craved it 24/7.“You won’t have to brat,” he’d told her when they talked about how to satisfy her cravings. “We’ll be doing once-a-week or twice-a-week maintenance spankings. You’ll be getting the spankings you enjoy, with no need for misbehavior.” That was a relief. She had worried that bratty behavior might be the only way she could get the spankings and anal that she craved.Finally, the day came, not long after their honeymoon. “It’s time for our first weekly maintenance session, dear,” he said. She was already panting heavily.“Take off all your clothes,” Brian commanded. Wendy eagerly complied, stripping naked.“Bend over.” She got on all fours. Couldn’t wait.“I’m going to insert a plug into your anus to prepare you for what’s coming.” Wendy quivered with eagerness. She knew what it meant: he had promised her that every discipline or maintenance session would end with anal sex.Brian slowly lubed Wendy up with lubricant, inserting the finger slowly in and out of Wendy’s anus to spread the gel deeper within. She slowly gasped and moaned with pleasure. He was doing it slowly, pushing the slippery gel deeper and deeper into the rectum. She blushed in embarrassment but loved it so much. The intimacy, the naughtiness, the tinge of pain, the submission—everything. Her pussy was dripping with arousal by this point, its juices running down her legs and staining the bedsheets.He slowly inserted the stainless-steel plug into her rectum, pushing ever so gradually, millimeter by millimeter. Wendy gasped again, enjoying the stretch, enjoying the way it hurt so good, and again reveling in the embarrassed flush that came with having something, anything, go into the most intimate part of her body. After what felt like a few minutes, the plug finally snuggled in, its flared base nestled against her anus.Brian wasted no time going to the next part. He produced a thick leather belt and began carefully whipping Wendy on her bare buttocks, lashing each butt cheek thoroughly and methodically. She cried out in pleasure/pain as each“Pssssh! Pssshh! Psshhh!”echoed and reverberated loudly through the bedroom. Thankfully, their house was several dozen yards away from the nearest neighbors, she thought. After a few dozen smacks, her buttocks were glowing bright pink.Brian allowed Wendy to rest for a few minutes, both of them panting heavily. He held her, kissed and hugged her for a few minutes, and praised her for taking the belting well. “Let’s pause while I take your pussy,” Brian said. The two needed a break from the spanking.Wendy eagerly lay back in the missionary position. This was her favorite; double penetration with her husband’s penis in her vagina and the plug in her anus. She loved the sensation of both of her holes being filled at once. Brian thrust hard and deep into her as she climaxed repeatedly, gasping and shuddering in ecstasy. After four or five orgasms for Wendy, Brian finally climaxed and shot his hot, sticky semen deep into his wife’s love tunnel.The two paused, breathing heavily, and rested together for around a half hour. Brian needed time for his limp penis to recover, too, for the anal sex that would follow. After a while, he went to the closet and got out a plastic clothing hanger, her favorite implement. It was what he had used to experiment with spanking her through her jeans, at her request, while they were dating. When she heard the“whiiiiish! whiiiish! whiiiiiiish!”air-swishing stroke as he teasingly swung it, Wendy eagerly got back into the all-fours position.It wasn’t long until the clothes hanger was lashing her rear again, leaving faint stripes over her butt cheeks. Brian adjusted the force to the minimum necessary to evoke cries of pleasure. Every once in a while, Brian would land a stroke on one or both of her thighs, causing her to stiffen and lurch forward in mouth-gaping shock. But not once did he cross the boundary into a level of pain she didn’t love; if he had heard even the first syllable of their safe word, he’d have stopped immediately.After fifty stinging strokes with the clothing hanger, Brian set the implement aside and rubbed her tender flesh. “Well done, my darling. The spanking is over.” His penis was beginning to stiffen and harden again at last.Wendy knew what this meant. Still kneeling, she now reached behind her to spread her butt cheeks. Brian slowly and carefully removed the large stainless plug from her anus and squirted some more lubricant on his finger to re-wet her rectum. Then, without a word, he began to slowly, gently but firmly press the tip of his hard penis into her anus.Wendy loved this. She craved submission, and anal especially. Having her husband’s girthy member slowly ramming in and out of her rectum reinforced that feeling like nothing else could. Brian slowly thrust in and out, in and out, dominating his wife the way she’d convinced him she needed. He felt her hot, slippery, spongy rectum massaging his penis, and she loved it. He was also hitting her G-spot every time in this rear-entry doggy position.Before long, Brian came again, shooting hot, milky semen deep into his wife’s rectum. She loved the feeling of hot cum inside her and came as he did. She always loved his cum; it meant having part of him remain inside her for the rest of the night. She ejaculated in her wave of orgasm, squirting fluid all over Brian’s legs. Anal was the only way she could ever squirt, and squirt she did this time.The two of them lay in bed for hours, panting, breathing deeply, and enjoying the gift of each other’s bodies.MH recognizes that the majority of Christians probably don’t resonate with this topic.  We published it for the sake of those who do. For those who’d like to contribute to a discussion on the topic, we created this post:Is BDSM for Christians Too?