This story is Part Two of the three-part series “A Weekend Away.” Part One can be foundhere.My wife and I have discussed public play. Not to enough to be to my liking, but enough to know where we stand. She is more apt to do some flashing, or risky sex, in the moment—spontaneous, like she doesn’t want time to think about things before they happen. She really isn’t comfortable planning sex out. If she has to think about it, or plan it, she would say no to it.Me, on the other hand…I would be the one to be more adventurous andrisky with ourselves. In public and private. With others and alone. No, I am not okay with causing others to sin, nor am I okay with adultery. However, how far I would be willing to go andhow far others would be willing to go may be two different things. What I would consider okay biblically, others quite possibly would not.But, differences aside, my wife and I agree. Our agreement is that we play for us. If we flirt, flash, or play in public, it is only for us to see. Not that it happens often. We try not to be seen, but we do agree that we could be caught or seen, and we are okay with that risk.I defend marriage as God’s default. The Godless world has hijacked God’s sex. Their best is stolen, counterfeit. We should be more allowed to play sexually, in appropriate settings.“When Isaac had been there a long time, King Abimelech of the Philistines looked out of a window and saw him fondling his wife Rebekah.” Genesis‬ ‭26‬:‭8‬ ‭NRSV‬‬We should not apologize for married sex. But I would not be arrogant about it either. If we play, we are careful, andmuch of the fun is getting away with it without people knowing we did it. Maybe even right under their noses. If we do it.This story was one of our public play ideas.The idea was to go to an adult toy store, check in to a hotelroom, go to dinner, then spend the rest of the evening frolicking and playing—all kinds of naked sex. As Part 1 pointed out, she had no panties on under her skirt.This was one of those dates where emotions were flying high. All was good. It truly was one of those sweet spot times where marriage felt as good, strong marriages should.This was one time where we conversed about sexual things. My wife even confessed that she had a higher body count than she had previously confessed before we wed. Nothing shocking, but more than I previously knew.Neither of us were virgins when we married. We both knew what we were saying “I do” to. But like a lot of women, my wife was a little shy and embarrassedabout how many “yes-boys” she had been with before me.This has never been a sore spot with me. I have never judged when it comes to this. I tend to treat people through the lens of my own experience. The Bible proves true. No one is good. Even our best intentions are flawed. I try, desperately, to treat others as I want them to treat me. If I had not proven to my wife that she was safe to divulge her body count to me, she would not have done so.This was a good thing. We grew together during this time. This was how awesome this date was. A casual, secure place where divisions came down. Truth came out and love happened. I asked a question and she came clean. I so appreciated her for that. The atmosphere was so high in love that it allowed this discussion to happen, and in a great way. No regrets.We stop at the adult toy store. These places are not as hidden away as a few decades ago. This was new to both of us. I was especially conscious of my wife. A few weeks prior to the date, I made it known that we would go. This wasn’t thin ice, but uncharted territory. So I knew that at a moment’s notice, we could leave—immediately.Stepping into the store, we found it nice and clean. Everything was organized. We went over to the body stockings. We were planning on getting two things: something for her to wear and a toy. We could leave with more, but that was the plan. We picked out a bodystocking we both liked and moved on to the toys. She likes nipple play, so we shopped and found a combo nipple and clitoris clamps on a chain. We didn’t find a vibe to agree on. She had a fear of toys replacing our sex. I understood. It was a misconception from our youth. I wasn’t there to pressure her.We made it to the racks of lingerie. She started rummaging through. She actually found some panties she liked. While she was doing that, I went back to the toys, thinking I would find a vibe that did the job without looking like a real dick but an actual toy. I found one that was purple. She agreed to it.We paid and walked out, carrying our bag of adult toys, in view of busy traffic passing by. That… was a bit concerning to me.After the brief shopping trip, we made our way to the hotel, checked into our room, and unpacked the van. She unpacked our toiletries and went to the bathroom while I scoped the place out and charged the vibrator.This was our second time here. The first time was a pleasant surprise, having never been before. This time we were really psyched to get back. We did come back a third time, but that would prove to be our last.Before we left for dinner, I bent her over the bed and lifted her skirt up onto her back, making her naked from ankles to butt. I unzipped and pulled my hard dick out.She stayed still with her head resting on the bed. I slipped right in;she was still wet from the drive.I usually push my foreskin up over the head of my cock and slide up and down her slit till I place myself just inside of her opening. I slide in perfectly every time, that way.This time I was all head. Tip of the spear, foreskin naturally pulled back, no hands, just sinking into her well-oiled machine. I dunked myself in as deep as I could go. She let out a soft moan. I cupped her hips and pressed in more, squeezing another inch into her. Mmmhh, she liked that. So. Did. I. She pushed herself up on her hands.I pulled out and zipped up.She was clearly wondering, “What? What’s going on?”I got down on my knees and spread her butt cheeks and lips apart. I stared at the beautiful sight: both holes open and eager. Leaning in, my nose rested right on the pucker of her butthole. My tongue gently pushed into her soul. A warm hand on either butt cheek, I lost my face between them.She purred. A sigh. She angled herself to enjoy.The length of my tongue and my lips opened her up. Her inner and outer labia clung around my face till my lips were firm against her vaginal opening, my tongue deep inside.I swallowed and licked up her sex. I went down to her clit. She started breathinglouder. I flicked her from side to side. Then up and down. Sucking, licking her like soft serve ice cream.My tongue searched. Sliding around on every side of her clit. Over every nook and cranny. She was hot and ready to go.I stood up and said, “Let’s go.”I walked to the door.She was again surprised. “What? What’s going on? I was going to cum! We’re leaving now?”I could see the disappointment in her shoulders. I adjusted my straining erection.“Yep. Let’s go.”She was annoyed, but she stood up and straightened her skirt. She looked at me with daggers in her eyes, and we left.We got to the steakhouse. With all the attention her pussy was getting, she was very horny. Cutting off our encounter like I did made her want it more.We sat down in a semi-enclosed booth, with tall walls on three sides of us. Very comfortable.I started in about how she had no panties on. She was like, I know this, I felt the cold wet spot, sitting down.The waiter had not come around yet, and I dared her, “Unbutton you shirt halfway down before the waiter comes.”“Why before he comes?” she asked.“It might look a little off to him if he shows up and you’re buttoned up, then comes back and you’re buttoned down,” I reasoned.She looked around and noticed the coast was clear, so unbuttoned her top three buttons. Her shirt was now open down below her bra by an inch or so. It wasn’t as noticeable at first, but as the dinner commenced it opened up nicely.The waiter had noticed. She wasn’t aiming anything at him, just me, but he got to see some cleavage and bra. Actually, a lot of cleavage. We didn’t draw attention to her, and he kept acting like nothing was up.Once he caught on, though, we could tell he was more talkative, lingering, and stopped by to check on us more than usual.My wife wondered out loud to me, “What kind of service might we get if my tits were actually out on display?”I told her, “We probably ought not find out, since we only need his services for dinner.”She laughed and said, “I’ll try and contain myself.”As we dined, I asked, “Could I take some pics with my phone?”She told me, “Just keep it discreet.”I got a few shots of a bare breast, and a few shots of legs spread showing her pussy under the table. That got a little dicey as I used my flash, but no one seemed to be bothered.Once I knew the waiter would leave us alone a bit more, I asked her to masturbate, there at the table. Her eyes got as big as the plates we ate off of.She said, “Well, you better get video of it.”Scanning the dining room as she started in, she pulled her skirt up completely behind her backside. Sitting bare butt on the bench, she opened her legs as far as she could. I had the video with the flash on under the table.She started by inserting two fingers in herself. She pulled them out and reached across the table to my mouth and gave me a taste. Then she went back to her clit and started moving it around with those same wet fingers.After a minute, she was concentrating. I thought she would’ve stopped by now. She looked me in the eye as a steamy, long, husky sigh came over her.She stared at me, looking like her thoughts were elsewhere. She started turning red. Then she stuttered, like a sexual hiccup. She held on to that surprise as it leaned her head out in front of her shoulders, just slightly. She quietly exhaled a long breath. A little vibration was seen in her cheeks. The look on her face saidI’d fuck you right here if it were legal.She startled as another table of people walked by, but she didn’t stop. She just played it off by reaching for her drink. But her hand slowly fell to the table as she concentrated on other things. I kept filming. A minute later the waiter brought a refill. She failed trying to look casual. Big cleavage was showing, and I saw her tits quiver. As he sat the drink down, she let out a big, gasping, tensed-up, “Thank you,” with profound relief in her voice. He said she was welcome as he left.A huge, open-mouth smile of OMG formed on her face! “I came,” she whispered—pretty loudly!“What, just as he…”“Just as he sat the drink down,” she finished my sentence. Her hands covered her embarrassment. Then with a smack, her hands hit the table with flat palms, and she hunched over the table to get closer to me. “OMG, I just masturbated, to orgasm, in a public restaurant,” she quietly exclaimed.All I could do was smile and collect my phone.She was basking in her afterglow. Buzzing is a good word to describe it.We finished up our dessert. She buttoned her top back up, and we left. She spilled some of her water on the seat as she got up, and wiped up the wet spot she left.