Hello. I’m 26, single, and sadly have little hope for a spouse or even starting a family. And I’ve dealt with all the guilt and other “ohhh, sex is evil” stuff. I’ll make a post about that in the future.So like I typed above, I’m 26, still struggling through college and getting started with a career. Much has do to with health issues and my college not being very good. I deal with a lot of guilt, shame, and feeling like I’m no good, that I’ll never be successful, and never find love.Due to this, I devalued myself and fell into sexual sin, which left me feeling lower than before. I believed that with my porn struggles and sexual thoughts, I could never be worthy of the blessings God has for us.But recently, I have been trying to rekindle my relationship with God and live the life He wants me to live. I had to learn to be kinder to myself and forgive myself for my mistakes. It’s very difficult. Sadly, I’m no longer a virgin. I may have not engaged in actual sex itself, but it would be a stretch to call myself a virgin.But now I’m dedicating myself to save what’s left of me for my future wife, whether or not she’s a virgin. I honestly don’t care if not, and, like me, she was doing her best to hold of till marriage. We could understand each other’s struggles and work together to make a better life according to God’s plan.Of course, this is only possible if it’s in God’s plan. I learned this from having a health condition ruining my chances of going in the military at 20 and setting my college career back. God works in mysterious ways. I’m learning to accept things that are out of my control. Like a kid who’s parents decided to uproot our lives and move to another town, this feeling of helplessness, yet knowing God will provide, has actually brought a little comfort to me.Whether or not I’ll find love and hopefully have a family is, at the end of the day, God’s decision. But I have this sinking feeling I will never find those things. Whatever God decides is in my best interests.But even if I did have a family, could I provide properly, or safeguard a future for them? Could they can thrive in today’s world? The way the world is, and having little faith in being a good father, it might be an injustice to them. I would feel guilty bringing them in the world because I want kids, rather than thinking about them.I’m very conscious about my decisions about having a family. If I can’t be sure I can provide certain things, I won’t have kids. But even if not having kids, at least a spouse to share my life with would be a real blessing. I’m trying to be faithful, remembering God will provide for me and my family, if He so blesses me. But it is a worry I can’t shake.Please, any advice and prayers from anyone here will help me feel like I’m not alone in this struggle. Especially words from other singles would be greatly appreciated. I can only hope I can bear good fruit one day.