It’s been a month since I last blew my load. Do I long for another release? Yes, but I’m in charge of my cock.I have to sometimes remind my dick who’s in charge, cause if he had his way all the time… nothing would ever get done.The benefit of going this long without an orgasm is that all of the little things become way more enjoyable. It’s like it heightens the senses.With no stimulation, I can just sit and enjoy my soft cock slowly pump itself full. I feel the first pump of blood shoot into my limp dick laying lifeless on my stomach, with every small pump shooting a little more life into him. There’s a tingle that emanates from my loins with every pump of blood stretching the skin and size of my manhood.Slowly he begins to grow and slowly starts to lift himself off my stomach, growing in stature and poise. Soon he’s standing tall, with skin stretched to the limit and veins looking at if they’re about to burst—all without any stimulation. And without even touching, I can just feel that everything is so sensitive.While admiring the sight of my now rock hard cock, I give my cock muscles a slow but powerful clench, which stirs my member and causes shockwaves of sensations from the depths of my ballsack to the tip of my rod. I then just lay there to enjoy the feeling of being absolutely rock hard.When my third leg starts to realize that nothing more is coming from this, he slowly begins lower himself back down to my stomach in defeat. He shrinks back down, but not to his original size. There’s still a bit of girth and length still left in him, just in case I change my mind.I still have a bit of fun with my cock. Sometimes I’ll just pull out my soft member and start squeezing and tugging until I get a semi and then stick him back in and continue to go about my business. Again, just letting him know that I’m in charge.I also like to pretend that I’m saving up a months worth of cum for my wife. It would be a shame to let all of the cum go to waste, so I think I’ll save it up for when I can unload into her starved pussy.I imagine her wanting to be filled as much as I want to fill her. Her cunt is throbbing and aching for my manhood and seed. Just like my cock is veiny and purple, her pussy lips are swollen and pink, flushed with color and dripping with fluids. Her clit is popping out of its hiding place just like my cock is. Her wondrous hole is opening to accept her long-lost friend. She opens just enough for my bulbous head to break the barrier and then swiftly clamps down on my stiff rod, leaving him no room to breathe.I teasingly say, “You want all this cum I’ve been storing up for you? Well, you’re going to have to milk it out of me.”She laughs, because she knows it’s hardly going to be a challenge for her. But she’s needy for my cum, so she goes to work on my cock, engulfing me inside her, clenching down hard with her inner walls as I begin to thrust deep inside her wet cunt. As my member is being milked and squeezed, I pound her pussy, smashing my groin into her lips and clit.We both know what’s coming next. She give one final squeeze on my meat, squeezing as tight as a boa constrictor, and I give one final thrust balls deep into her cunt. She starts convulsing on and around my cock uncontrollably as she cums hard, and with my cock head at the very back wall of her insides I erupt with weeks and weeks worth of cum. We both feel it shoot out of me like a rocket, coating the entirety of her inner walls. I keep shooting ropes and ropes of hot, white cum as I finally empty out my balls of every last drop. After we both calm down, she says, “Wow you just kept going! I wasn’t sure if you’d ever stop unloading into me.”I say, “Yeah, well, I’ve been saving it all up for you.”