King James Version – Proverbs 5: 15-19Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well.16 Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets.17 Let them be only thine own, and not strangers’ with thee.18 Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth.19 Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love.The above is the KJV of this important and erotic scripture. Yes, some scripture can be erotic. Below is the NIV and NLT translations of the scripture:New International Version –Proverbs 5:15-1915 Drink water from your own cistern,running water from your own well.16 Should your springs overflow in the streets,your streams of water in the public squares?17 Let them be yours alone,never to be shared with strangers.18 May your fountain be blessed,and may you rejoice in the wife of your youth.19 A loving doe, a graceful deer—may her breasts satisfy you always,may you ever be intoxicated with her love.New Living Translation – Proverbs 5: 15-1915 Drink water from your own well—share your love only with your wife.[b]16 Why spill the water of your springs in the streets,having sex with just anyone?[c]17 You should reserve it for yourselves.Never share it with strangers.18 Let your wife be a fountain of blessing for you.Rejoice in the wife of your youth.19 She is a loving deer, a graceful doe.Let her breasts satisfy you always.May you always be captivated by her love.I want to share that I only recently started to read other translations of the Bible. I have always read only the KJV. But today the NIV translation clarified verse 16 for me. It worded the verse as a question and that made more sense. The NLT was even more clarifying as far as scriptural meaning of the proverb, but it was less poetic overall. I am growing to appreciate that other Bible translations can be beneficial to read.After scriptural verses about forgiveness like Ephesians 1:7… John 8 1-11… and scriptures about love like John 3:16… this part of Proverbs is one of my favorite set of verses in the Holy Bible. But I should also mention that in this later stage of my life I also gain hope from 1 Corinthians 2:9. But I digress.Back on topic, the topic being Proverbs 5… The first part and last part of this scripture is warnings against extramarital sex. Those type of warnings are fairly common in scripture. But the middle part of this proverb tells us of the joy of our marital sexual relationship! It says, “rejoice in/with the wife of your youth.” Therefore the wife certainly should rejoice in the husband of her youth as well.Since this proverb is written as advice from a father to a son it has the male perspective such as, “May her breasts satisfy you always.” I was thinking that if the advice was written as mother to daughter it might be worded like this:“May your fountain be blessed and may you rejoice with the husband of your youth. May you be the loving doe to his powerful buck. May his erection satisfy you always.”The funny thing is, My Melody is as obsessed with my man-nipples as I am obsessed with her boobies & nipples. So her version might be, “Let his nipples satisfy you always.”By the way, I tease my wife when I’m admiring or loving on her breasts. I tell her, “Im just obeying Proverbs 5. Your breasts truly do satisfy me always!”The warnings in the proverb certainly are important. Satan’s ideas about swinging and extramarital affairs are clearly condemned. Plus the chapter promotes the joys of not just monogamy but hot monogamy!So what are your thoughts on Proverbs 5?1- Do you like the chapter?2- Do you think the warnings about extramarital sexual behavior apply to our day?3- Do you find verses 15-19 inspiring?4- How do YOU think it would be worded if it were written as mother to daughter?Also, I’d be interested to see a more detailed and expert post and survey on this scripture posted by HR someday.