The chains creaked as he rocked absentmindedly back and forth. He listened to the crickets and watched in simple, familiar awe as the fireflies decorated the low horizon on another summer night in Louisiana.A gentle breeze stirred and brought with it the scent of rain. Sighing deeply, he went inside and opened his laptop. He looked once more at a letter he doubted he would ever send. “Dear Madeline,” was as far as he got before hot tears dripped onto the faded wood while his love for her burned.Across town, she stared into the weeping sky as what passed for a sunrise brought light to what promised to be a dreary morning. They had separated two years ago today, and she had become all but a free woman. But that freedom came with the price, and she didn’t know how much longer she could bear to pay bill.Recently,hehad been on her mind. He had taken the blame, and she had let him, but it wasn’t his fault. The last words she’d screamed at him flooded her mind, and her lip began to tremble.For the first time in a long time, Sunday morning found her at church. She sat in the back, but that wasn’t too far away for The Holy Spirit.The invitation had her weeping at the altar as she confessed the last two years and the times before. When she stood, she had a clean heart and a clear path.She prayed all the way to her apartment, pleading for him to be home, pleading for the words to say, pleading for God’s help, and pleading for His mercy and grace.The locked turned on her door and she began to remember all the ways she’d hurt him. Running to her bed, she laid face down and cried. She thought of David’s psalm and wept and she asked God to give her that heart.A soothing peace from the inside crept over her and the simplest thought came to her mind, “Faithful wife.”“I can do that,” she said aloud then went to her closet before turning on the shower.Dusk had fallen and he was surprised to see headlights coming down his driveway. Wondering aloud who it might be, he stepped onto the porch.A feather would have toppled him when she stepped out of her car. He had never seen her look so beautiful.She walked up to him, dropped to her knees, then looked up, “I’m sorry Kevin, for everything.” She confessed what she felt she should and dropped her eyes, “Please forgive me.”When he knelt in front of her, his eyes were filled with tears. He softly touched her cheek and said the words he’d typed so many times, “I forgive you, Madeline.”Drawn by wrenched emotions and aching need, they found themselves in each other’s arms. When their lips touched, a fire filled them both. When he guided her to her feet and led her across the threshold, he turned and said, “Welcome home.”