Lacy’s younger sister, Tracy, has come over for dinner and a movie. After sharing a pizza and a bottle of wine, we turn on a chick flick. Lacy lays her head in my lap, her cheek firmly against my cock, which starts to swell. She nods against the rising lump under my athletic shorts to let me know she is aware of her effect on me. As the movie progresses, Lacy lifts her head and repositions her hand between her cheek and my crotch. I twitch when she squeezes my cock every few minutes, but I suspect it’s not apparent in the darkened den.Under the guise of finding a more comfortable position, Lacy pulls a throw pillow onto my thighs while managing to tug down the front of my athletic shorts and uncover just the head of my cock. Then she tucks her hand under the pillow as her head settles back into my lap. Rolling partly onto her belly, she bends her knee, and a sliver of ass cheek peeks out the bottom of her rising hem. I fill my palm, squeezing when her fingertips begin to lightly tease the exposed underside of my cock’s tip.Lacy pushes with her toes against the arm of the sofa, nudging me, and I know what she wants. My hand slips farther down to her damp folds, and one finger slides easily between them. As we tantalize each other, we are still able to laugh or groan at all the appropriate scenes.Eventually, the movie ends, and Tracy says she will call it a night. We see her off with hugs and waves, then head in to start a second movie. There’s no need to be sneaky with our actions this time, so we shed our clothes and settle back into our previous arrangement.Before long, neither of us is paying much attention to the storyline. Lacy turns her body towards me so she can lick my cock while I finger her from the front. Her juices start to flow like a river. Before very long, I feel her pussy start to spasm and her juices gush.Lacy lets out a shaky moan and shoves my cock head into her mouth. With gentle pressure at the back of her head, I push her face toward me until she has it all in her mouth. Lacy bobs eagerly for a while, trying not to gag when I bottom out. Then, panting, she rolls onto her back and looks up at me with a sexy grin.I pull my dripping fingers to my mouth and lick some of Lacy’s juice with an “Mmmm” before offering her a taste. She sucks them deeply and gives an appreciative moan.I suggest we lie down, so Lacy gets up while I stretch out on my side. Then she tucks her hot body against me in a spooning position. Reaching behind her, she grabs my cock and pulls it to her slit, pushing her hip back as I slide my cock inside. We lie there momentarily, enjoying the feeling of being “joined at the hips.” But eventually, neither of us can bare the stillness; almost simultaneously, we begin to thrust toward each other. My hands wander over her breasts, stomach, hips, and thighs while I kiss and lick her neck and shoulder. Lacy moans loudly, and I chuckle.I speak low in her ear. “It’s a good thing Tracy’s not sleeping over tonight. If she were, I’d have to do this.”My hand slides up her neck and pushes her chin to the side, then covers her parted lips. Lacy’s eyes open wide, then flutter shut as she groans low in her throat and cums all over my cock.As she shakes, I drive into her two or three more times. Then my cock erupts and fills her with my cum. Lacy’s aftershocks make her spasm around me as I continue to thrust with each burst, and our combined fluids gush out between us. Finally, my hip movement slows to a stop, and I hug her tight.We kiss and cuddle until the movie ends, then get ready for bed, But I happily file away the experience for further exploration.