Mary Beth has been a bit down lately physically.  Today is my 60th birthday.  And I wake to being alone in bed and smelling coffee and bacon.  I went down stairs to see Mary Beth cooking and dancing around the kitchen wearing one of my button down shirts.  I stand and admire her beauty for several minutes until she sees me and smiles.She walks over to me, and says “Good morning baby, how about a quicky before Mathew wakes up?”That being said she falls to her knees.  She pulled my shorts down, grabbed my fat, soft cock and took it fully into her tiny, hot mouth.  Slowly she sucks, licks, and pulls on it with her mouth as it starts to swell.  Sucking and bobbing her head back and forth and gagging a little as I got fully hard. Then she took me into her throat.  Once she was satisfied that she got me rock hard, she pulled off and stood up.  Turning around, she bent over the table.  Spreading her legs, I see her beautiful, smooth, hot, wet, pussy glistening with her wetness.“Take me, now, take me.”I stepped behind her and grabbed her hips firmly.  She reached under, rubbed my cock against her pussy, and moaned as she pulled my fat head against her.“Now.”I pulled her back with force, and she pushed back, and impaled her fully on my cock.  I moaned as her tight pussy squeezed me. She was just as tight as the day I took my virgin bride 10+ years ago.  Pounding her pussy hard and fast, it began to spasm and her legs were shaking.  Her breathing shortened and sped up as I reach under her and pressed her clit hard.  Mary Beth cries out and her body shakes as her orgasm washes through her. Her nectar flows out around my cock.  I slow my pounding as she orgasms.   She is moaning and mumbling as I pound her pussy again.  Bottoming out with each thrust, my balls tighten. I groan as I release my cum and shoot several loads deep in her pussy.Shaking from my orgasm Mary Beth starts wiggling and pushing and pulling herself on my cock.  I was more than willing to continue as I slapped and squeezed her ass and saw her asshole.  As I fuck her hard and fast, I spit on her asshole and rub it with my thumb.  She moaned and smiled as she looked back. When she pushed back, her asshole relaxed and my thumb entered her.“Yes, yes” she gasped.Fingering her ass and pounding her pussy had her shaking and her pussy squeezing my cock as she came again harder that the first.  I slowly pulled out as she was cumming.  Pressing my cock against her asshole and shoving up into her.  Mary Beth cried out as I filled her ass completely.  Mary Beth has come to really enjoy anal sex in the last year.  Sliding my cock fully in and out slowly then the pounding I gave her pussy but still driving my cock home with each thrust.  Her ass started vibrating and pulsing, squeezing my cock as she body shook and suddenly my cock exploded filling her ass with my cum.I leaned over her panting body and whispered “I love you more today than the day we met.”She purred and said Happy Birthday old man and giggled as I stood and slowly pulled out of her limp shaking body.  Hearing the bathroom door close, I lift and carry Mary Beth’s spent body and lay her on the guest bed and I run out and quickly clean the kitchen up when Matthew walks in.He grins and says “Mom’s feeling better?”I smile and pour coffee as i turn the burn hash browns on the stove off.