My wife and I spent a day at the beach and the water was calm and warm. We were on a mostly secluded beach swimming in the ocean, so our hands were in one another’s swimsuits off-and-on for several hours. Every time my wife fondled my cock and balls, my cock would become full, to the point that I couldn’t get out of the water and expose my rod. She thought this was funny and erotic and kept whispering very naughty things in my ear that kept me in the water for sure!Later that afternoon we went back to our hotel and showered and realized how hungry we were. We got dressed and went to a restaurant for a late lunch. We noticed a shopping mall on the way and stopped there on the way back to our hotel. We walked around for a while, holding hands and sneaking kisses. I even fondled my wife’s ass a few times. Since we were in another state, she didn’t pull back from me, but instead wiggled her ass on my hand a few times.We went into a department store and began looking through the swimsuits to see if we wanted to upgrade for the next few days on the beach. She picked out several and we went to the changing room. I waited outside but she called me to come join her since it was mostly empty. I sat on the bench in the changing room and she took off her sundress to try on some swim suits. She didn’t have a bra on, and to my surprise, she was wearing really thin g-string bikini bottoms. She looked amazing with her tan tits and chocolate nipples and her transparent panties. I could see her shaved and glistening pussy so beautifully. No surprise, but I got hard again!She made fun of me and flirtatiously asked, “Do you like what you see?” She then rubbed my dick through my shorts, and I could feel my precum leaking. I was hard as a rock. She whispered, “You can’t go out of the changing room like that!” Then she pulled my shorts and underwear down and my dick sprang up to attention! I was really excited that she was so horny.My lovely wife licked and sucked my dick and began tugging at my balls. We had a mirror behind us and on either side so it was really a turn on. I didn’t last long since I was so aroused. She sucked on my dick harder, pulling me into her mouth. My cum shot out and it felt so good! I tried to not moan and yell, but I did groan, “Oh fuck that feels good!” She had become aroused so quickly that she didn’t think about the implications of me cumming in her mouth. I could see that she had a decision to make, i.e. spit it out and make a mess or swallow my cum as an act of love and full acceptance. She decided to swallow! I was surprised because she never does that. Today was amazing!She then she stood up and gave me a really wet kiss with my cum all over her mouth. I didn’t pull away since she had given me such a gift and we kissed for a few moments. With a limp and very happy dick, I pulled my underwear and shorts up and she put her sun-dress back on. We wiped up as good as we could and snuck out of the changing room with no one suspecting that my wife had just given me the best memory of our vacation right then and there. As we walked I noticed that her sun-dress was was tucked a little into her panties accidentally so I pulled it out and straightened it as we walked. I held her hand and whispered, “It’s your turn next when we get to our hotel you naughty girl!” She hugged my arm and said, “Hmmmm, I can’t wait!” I could imagine the wetness of her pussy in my mouth and began to get hard again. Taking notice of my bulge she said, “Be careful what you think about! We still have to walk through the mall!”