(A) – This story contains anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.* Additionally, this story contains intense BDSM/kink play, including pain play.ReadPart 1andPart 2of the story here.Le Calendrier de L’avent– The Advent CalendarPart 3: Permission to Orgasm14 Décembre8 Décembre: Burgundy leather hands cuffs with the word “slut” on them.9 Décembre:​ Two 8-meter ​lengths of natural hemp rope.10 Décembre: 150cm long drop lash horse training whip.11 Décembre:​ A pinwheel.12 Décembre: Initialled burgundy leather ankle restraints.13 Décembre: Mini massage wand.14 Décembre: PERMISSION​ TO ORGASM.Andrea rose ridiculously early​ on Saturday morning and headed for her morning run. The streets​ of Paris were tranquil, which gave her mind time​ to​ ruminate on the week. She found her thoughts turning towards the advent calendar. There were not any parcels​ or notes when she got​ up today. She hoped that Gabriel would soon let her feel the release​ of​ an orgasm.​ He had forbidden her from​ it for over​ a week, and she desperately wanted​ to feel the endorphins released during sex surge over her body. The thought​ of​ it was making her wet, and when she stopped​ to look​ at​ a cute dress​ in the window​ of​ a boutique, she noticed the dark grey patch​ on her crotch ​of her leggings.Andrea galloped the kilometre and​ a half home, self-conscious and embarrassed about her excitement.​ As she reached the door​ to the apartment, she fumbled with her keys, jolted the door open, entered, and slammed the door behind her. She leaned against the door, shutting the world and her embarrassment behind her.She rested her head against the door and closed her eyes, her hands wandering​ to touch the dampness between her legs.Andrea slipped her hand down her pants and ran her fingers along her lips. They were swollen and wet. She moved her fingers between her lips and began​ to stroke her clit. Her body was shaking with need.“Oh, God,” she groaned.She closed her eyes and continued​ to stroke her clit. The feeling​ of her hand against her warm, wet flesh was overwhelming. She could feel the tension building, and she rubbed harder and faster.“Mmmh!”Andrea could hear the sounds​ of her wetness, and​ it only made her more aroused. She pushed her fingers inside and began​ to move them​ in and out.“Mmm… oh, God…”She moved her fingers faster and faster, feeling the pleasure build. Her breathing became more rapid, and she could feel her heart racing. She moaned​ as her fingers brought her closer and closer​ to orgasm.“Oh, God… oh, fuck…”Andrea felt the pleasure wash over her.​ It had been​ so long since she had played.“I thought​ I said you couldn’t orgasm?” came​ a stern voice from the end​ of the corridor.Andrea’s head shot up, and her eyes opened. Gabriel was leaning against the wall,​ a smirk​ on his face.“You’re supposed​ to​ be​ a good girl,”​ he continued.Andrea blushed.“I… I…”“I don’t think you are respecting the rules​ of our game.”Andrea bit her lip.“Maybe you need​ to​ be punished,”​ he said.“God, yes, please,” she stammered back quickly.“Get undressed,”​ he ordered.“Yes, Sir.”Andrea moved away from the door and began​ to strip, removing her shirt and leggings. She hesitated for​ a moment before pulling off her bra and underwear. She stood​ in front​ of him, naked and trembling.“Put these on,”​ he commanded, throwing her a set of ankle and wrist restraints.Andrea got down​ on one knee and looked​ up​ at him​ as she fastened the leather cuff​ to one ankle. Gabriel watched her, noticing how wet and puffy her cunt was when she swapped her knee​ to attach the restrain​ to the other foot.Once she was manacled,​ he made her walk​ to his office. There, she noticed the Advent gifts all lined​ up​ on his desk.“Safe word?”​ he asked.“Marmaduke,” she answered.“Good girl. Give​ me your wrist,”​ he instructed.“Yes, Sir.”She stretched out her hands, and​ as she did, her breasts pressed together coyly. Gabriel walked around behind her and ran his hands over her bare skin.“You’re such​ a bad girl,”​ he murmured.He moved his hands lower, tracing her spine and the curve​ of her ass.​ He moved his hands lower, gently spreading his fingers over her skin, moving them between her arse cheeks and over her sticky lips.“Disobedient girls get punished,”​ he said.Andrea shuddered​ at his words. She loved being treated this way, and the anticipation was overwhelming. Gabriel stroked her pussy lips, feeling the wetness and heat.“Mmm…”“Arms out​ to the side,”​ he commanded.Andrea moved her arms out​ to the side, her fingers spread. Gabriel stepped closer, pressing his body against hers from behind. He let his hands move around her body and cup her pert tits.“Mmm,” she moaned once more before letting out​ a squeal when​ he twisted her nipples.Gabriel kissed her before attaching the wrist restraints​ to the long strands​ of hemp rope.Gabriel’s technique was rough; the texture and smell​ of the natural hemp rope scurried over her skin​ as ​he wound​ it into knots​ on the metal loops​ on the leather of her wrist cuffs. Each loop tightened with​ a slow, deliberate pull. When the top crossed her skin, the fibres were coarse and exciting. She was fully aware​ of the restraint, the tension growing with every tug. When Gabriel pulled the rope and attached each​ to two hooks​ in each corner​ of the room, her heart began​ to race—not with fear, she trusted him implicitly—but with anticipation.He did the same with her legs, attaching them​ to two hooks near the skirting board.​ As Gabriel pulled the rope,​it spread her torso apart, opening her​ up​ to his every desire.The restraints and the ropes added​ an element​ of pressure that made her feel grounded, anchoring​ her in the moment​ as the realisation settled in: something thrilling was about​ to unfold.Gabriel ran his finger along the length​ of her arm over her back and across the other arm until​ he had moved fingertip​ to fingertip. Andrea’s senses felt heightened; every touch felt magnified. The subtle tugs​ of the rope, the soft rustle​ of movement nearby, and the flutter​ in her chest all blended into delicious anticipation. Her mind buzzed with curiosity, the excitement building with every heartbeat. She felt herself surrendering​ to the unknown.Andrea noticed​ a familiar scent​ in the air that she could not place.“Qu’est-ce queue?” she asked.“Tiger balm!” Gabriel whispered​ in her ear​ as​ he stood behind her.“Ah,” she answered.Andrea shivered​ in excitement. Gabriel dipped his finger​ in the little tub and then circled her areola with the balm. The heat from the oil and the menthol​ in the balm made her skin tingle with​ a burning delight.​ As the balm soaked in, Andrea felt as if her nipples burst into​ flame.“Oh, God…” she moaned.Gabriel continued​ to rub the balm into her boobs. His touch was electric. She felt the heat and the tingle, sending​ a thrill through her body.“Mmm… yes…” she murmured.“Do you like that,​ma petite fille?”“Yes… no…​ оh God…​ I don’t know.”She felt him step back. Andrea was​ so preoccupied with the sensation​ of her nipples that she had closed her eyes and not seen Gabriel pick​ up the next item: the pinwheel.“Open your eyes,”​ he ordered.Andrea obeyed.“Look​ at me.”“Yes, Sir.”Gabriel pressed the sharp metal spikes​ of the pinwheel into the center of her chest. The sensation was exquisite.“Ahhh…” she moaned.“You like that, don’t you, Pet.”“Yes… ah… oh, yes…”Gabriel pressed the pinwheel harder into her flesh, rolling​ it across her skin.​ He traced​ it over her belly and around her navel.“Ahhh… God… oh, God…”Gabriel moved the pinwheel lower, moving​ it along her thigh.“Ahhh…”The sensation was maddening. Her entire body was tingling. Gabriel rolled the pinwheel over her inner thigh and back up, over her hips and between her breasts.​ He traced the edge​ of the pinwheel over her sensitive areolas, and Andrea screamed​ in delight.“Yes… oh, God, yes…”Gabriel pushed the pinwheel against her nipples again, and the fire exploded within her. She screamed​ as the pain mixed with the pleasure.“Oh, God…”“You’re such​ a disobedient slut.”Andrea gasped. The feeling​ of the pinwheel sent shivers down her spine.“Please…” she begged.“You deserve​ to​ be punished.”“Please, Sir, punish me,” she moaned.“You need​ to learn your lesson.”Gabriel pressed the pinwheel into her shoulder and rolled​ it along her underarm.​ As​ he did, Andrea screamed louder.“Ahhh! Oh, God! Oh, God!”Gabriel moved the pinwheel along her armpit and down her side.“Ahhh! Yes… Oh, God, yes!”Gabriel pressed the pinwheel into her flesh. His hands were rough and rugged. Andrea screamed​ in delight​ as the pleasure and the pain mixed.​ It rolled down her thigh over her knee, following the contours​ of her leg.​ At her big toe,​ he changed direction and let the little wheel rise​ up along her inner leg.“Oh, God!”“Yes, pet,”​ he groaned, “scream for me.”“Oh, God…”“You like that, don’t you?”“Yes! Ahhhh… God, yes!”“You’re​ a dirty little slut.”“Yesss! I’m​ a dirty slut!”Andrea wiggled​ in delight and trepidation​ as the pins pricked her puffy little lips. She wiggled and moved, trying​ to get away. Gabriel pulled her hips and pressed the wheel into her flesh.“Oh, God…” she moaned.“Say it.”“I’m​ a dirty slut.”“Tell me.”“I’m​ a dirty little slut!”“You need​ to​ be punished.”“Punish me, please!”Gabriel rolled the pinwheel over her thigh and her bum.​ He moved​ it across her lower back and between her buttocks. Andrea’s body shook, and she moaned louder.“Oh, God, please…”“Tell me: you’re​ a dirty little slut.”“I’m​ a dirty little slut.”Gabriel traced the wheel over her ass and along her spine.“That’s​ a good slut,”​ he said encouragingly.Gabriel walked over​ to his desk and picked​ up the mini wand and​ a roll​ of duct tape. Her eyes widened​ as​ he placed the wand​ on her thigh and began fastening​ it with the tape.“Sir… what​ іs that for?” she asked,​ a quiver​ in her voice.“You are such​ a disobedient little bitch.”“But, Sir,​ I was only playing with myself.”“No excuses.”“But Sir—”“Shhh.”Gabriel turned the vibrator​ on and pressed​ it against her thigh. The buzzing sound filled the room.“Ahhh!” she cried.“Do you like that?”“Yes… Oh, God, yes…”Gabriel pushed the vibrator against her mound and slowly moved​ it higher.“Oh, God… oh, God…”Andrea moaned​ as the sensation grew more assertive. She felt the vibration​ on her skin, and her body tingled. Gabriel clumsily strapped the toy​ to her thigh with the duct tape. The head whirred​ on low​ as​ it lay positioned against her clit.“Oh, God…”“You need​ to​ be punished, don’t you, pet?”“Yes… please, punish me.”“You like​ to​ be punished, don’t you?”“Yes,​ I do.”“Tell me.”“I love being punished.”Gabriel moved the vibrator between her legs and pressed​ it against her mound, fixing​ it​ in place with​ a final strip​ of tape.“Oh, God… Yes…”“Tell me.”“I love being punished.”“What else​ do you love?”“I love being dominated.”“Yes, you do, pet,”​ he said, his voice filled with lust. “Can you count, slut?”“Yes, Sir,” she whimpered.“I think you can handle five strokes, yes?”“Yes, Sir,” she replied.“Let’s start.”Gabriel raised the crop, and the string strip bit into her skin with​ a thwack. Andrea cried out, but​ it was​ a cry​ of delight.“One,” she groaned.“What are you?”“I’m​ a dirty little slut.”“Louder.”“I’m​ a filthy slut.”Gabriel raised the lash and cracked​ it down across her buttocks. Andrea screamed, her body tensing, pulling​ on the hemp rope and making the leather strap bite into her flesh.“Two!”“Louder.”“I’m​ a slutty, filthy whore.”“You’re​ a dirty little slut.”“Yes, yes, I’m​ a dirty little slut!”Andrea’s body convulsed​ as the vibration pressed against her clit.Gabriel struck her again. The crop was sharp and painful.“Three!”“What are you?”“I’m​ a slutty, filthy fuck toy.”“That’s right, pet,”“Yes, I’m​ a dirty fuck toy,” she moaned.Gabriel struck her again, the crop cracking across the back​ of her knees. She buckled, and the toy whirred harder​ on her clit.“Four!”“You like that, don’t you?”“I’m​ a dirty fucking slut!” she screamed.Gabriel brought the crop down one last time across her thighs. The string burned and stung her skin.“Five!”“What are you, Pet?”“I’m​ a little slut,” she cried.“Louder.”“I’m your dirty little whore!”“You’re​ a dirty little slut, and you know it.”“Yes, yes​ I am.”“Now you will​ be good?”“Yes, yes, I will.”Gabriel walked behind her and ran his hands over her shoulders. His touch was electric, and she shivered​ in anticipation.“Are you going​ to​ be​ a good girl now?”“Yes, yes,​ I will​ be good,” she pleaded.“I don’t believe you,”​ he said, caressing his fingers down her spine and between her bum cheeks.She felt his finger rim her arse, then the familiar sting​ of the tiger balm setting her ring​ on fire.“God, please, sir,​ I will​ be good,” she said, pulling​ at her wrist restraints.“Hmmm,”​ he purred, pressing his finger against her hole.“Yes, yes, please, please,​ I will​ be good.”[EDITOR’S NOTE: next few references to “hole” are unclear; determine if it’s vagina or anus, and specify]He rubbed the balm over her vulva with one hand​ as the other turned the speed​ on the toy up. Andrea squirmed, her legs buckling​ as she fought against the taught robes that held her​ in place.“Sir, please, please,​ I will​ be​ a good girl!”“Shh,”​ he whispered, pressing his finger against her hole.“Yes, yes, please, Sir.”He pushed his finger into her, and she moaned loudly.“Oh, God!”He pumped his finger​ in and out​ of her, pushing deeper and deeper with each thrust. She groaned and writhed, her body tingling.“God, please, please…”“What is it, pet?”“Please, sir, please!”“What do you want.”“Please,​ I want you.”“Tell​ me what you want.”“I want you,” she moaned.“Tell me.”“I want you​ to fuck me!”“You’re such​ a dirty little whore.”“Yes, Yes,​ I am,” she pleaded, “please fuck me.”Gabriel turned the wand​ up​ to the maximum, her cries drowning out the loud sound​ of the vibrating head.He removed his finger from her heated, swollen pussy, then pushed her forward​ as best​ as​ he could, grabbed his cock and teased the head against her opening, rubbing the shaft against her pussy.“Oh, God, yes,” she groaned.“You want this, don’t you, slut?”“Yes, God, yes!”He teased her for​ a moment longer before pushing himself inside.“Ahh!”“Tell me what you want, Pet,”“I want you​ to fuck me!”“Beg for it.”“God, please, Sir, please fuck me!”“I will.”“Please, please, fuck me!”“I love you,” he said.“I love you too.”“I will never stop loving you.Je t’aime,​ ma petite.““Je t’aime aussi,” she moaned.Gabriel’s thrusts grew more vigorous​ as​ he felt the vibrations​ of the wand buzzing​ at her clit. Andrea’s body began​ to convulse, and the pressure mounted​ in her stomach. The combination​ of his thrusts, her body’s reaction​ to the restraints, the stimulation​ of the toy, the burning balm—it had all made her body feel like​ it was​ on fire in multiple ways.“Oh, God, yes!” she cried, “Please, please.”“Cum for me, slut.”“Yes, yes, Master.”The slow, intense build​ of her orgasm that had started​ on her run had now spread through her core, growing more insistent with every second. Her muscles tightened, and her breath quickened. Gabriel touched her hypersensitive skin​ as​ he held her hips from behind, overwhelming her with each touch, each stroke, sending electric waves​ of pleasure rippling through her body.As the climax approached, the world narrowed till she could only feel the sensation themselves. Everything else faded away​ as the heat intensified with the rising, rhythmic waves.​ It grew faster and stronger until​ it overwhelmed her. And then,​ in​ a breathtaking release, the tension snapped, and​ an explosion​ of pleasure radiated outward​ in shuddering, uncontrollable pulses.Every nerve lit up, and her body quaked with the intensity and​ a moment​ of pure euphoria. She was consumed​ in sheer bliss.​ It felt otherworldly. Time slowed, and for those seconds, nothing existed but the overwhelming sensation​ of perfect, all-encompassing pleasure. The aftershocks quaked over her, leaving​ a lingering glow​ as she returned​ to reality. She collapsed​ in​ a heap, basking​ in the warmth and contentment​ as Gabriel slipped out ​of her.He removed the bindings and toys and scooped her​ up​ in her arms, placing her​ on the sofa under​ a blanket. Gabriel snuck under the blanket with her and held her.“Bien joué range,“​ he said.“Étais-je une bonne fille pour toi​?” she asked tiredly.“Yes, you were​ a good girl for me!”​ he replied with​ a kiss.