This post contains strong language (L)Hello, fellow MH devotees!While I haven’t had much time to contribute stories in this forum like my spouse has, I’m doing so now due to the amount of interest you folks have in my wife (Creamy) Patty’s contributions. It’s clear to me by reading your many comments to her five stories that you appreciate how interesting and passionate she is. I feel so blessed to be married to her, the perfect wife who loves giving as much as receiving – and that especially goes for love and sex!With this in mind, I’m going to share with you details of a fun get-together we had recently with a small group of our church friends, the same folks she mentioned in her recent MH story.True to her reputation for possessing an uninhibited and unrelenting sex drive, she came up with a super sexy idea for turning what would have been an everyday afternoon barbecue cookout party into a raging hard-on and wet pussy generating affair!Here’s how it all began …Patty was putting on her makeup as I entered our bedroom to get dressed for our night out with our close church friends. She referred to this group in her recent MH story as Bob, Carol, Ted, and Alice, so I will do the same here.“Mmmmm, you are looking so hot tonight sweetie,” I said glancing at her while buttoning up my shirt. “I suppose there will be more than just one hard cock in the crowd judging by the way you look in that blouse and skirt. I’ll have to hold you very close, sweetie.”Patty smiled. “You know, I have an idea for a sexy game we can play—just the two of us—to spice it up tonight. If you are feeling as horny and gutsy as I am now, I’ll give you the details. I thought this game up after we had that awesome fucking session last night; I was dreaming away while you were busily lapping up the creampie from my pussy. You up for it? Pun intended.””Oh, hell yes. I’m game for anything you initiate! I know that when you are horny, lots of sexy fun always follows,” I responded.“Okay, here’s the basic idea. I’m calling it our Flash Game, and it works like this: While we are out tonight, every time we are able to flash a hot, naked body part—ONLY TO EACH OTHER, NOBODY ELSE CAN SEE—a point is earned. I get one point for my hot parts because I have more than you. You get two each time you flash your part to me; in other words, your cock.””Okay, my hot little slut,” I said. “All I have to do is flash you my cock whenever possible as long as nobody else can see, right?”“You got it, Jimmy. But I’m warning you, it’s gonna be a lot harder than you think, especially considering how our little gang of risqué church folks is always checking out each other’s moves. It will be a sexy challenge, but that’s also the fun part!”I knew just how horny Patty was when she left her makeup table and sat on the edge of our bed and asked for a special “favor” before we left. After opening her blouse in front and aiming her glorious tits at me, she asked, “Fondle your favorite melons and nibble my nipples raw. I want them extra sensitive tonight.”I happily complied, and by the time she put herself together again, there was no doubt her breasts were armed and dangerous! I would almost bet those nipples I nurtured would be visible under a leather jacket!When we arrived at Ted and Alice’s place, she gave my already erect cock and said ”Okay, you know the rules. Let the game begin.” Music was playing and the wine was pouring, a perfect playground I thought. Before long everyone was caught up in lively conversation, and with our group, sex talk is unabashedly offered; it’s what we do!Carol was fixated on discussing how often everyone REALLY has sex. In other words, “NO exaggeration, please. Bob and I have full-blown, pardon the pun, sex about three times weekly. By that I mean showers, some pillow talk, some quality oral, then getting down and dirty,” she said. “What about you guys?” she added.Ted answered first. “Since we have a two- and a four-year-old, it’s more challenging. But we make a point of dressing kinda sexy at home—like Jim and Patty are now—to keep things hot. A little grab-ass now and then keeps us horny, I guess,” he said. “So we usually get down and dirty a few times a week, Sunday mornings for sure,” he added.I couldn’t help but notice that everyone was looking at us when Ted mentioned that Patty and I were dressed “sexy.” Since I was dressed in plain old shorts, I doubt he was referring to me. When I looked at Patty, sitting on the couch next to Carol and Alice, she scored her first point by quickly hiking up her already short skirt and briefly parting her legs to reveal her shaved pussy sans panties.The topic soon turned to more specific sex habits among us. Patty led the way by asking, “when it comes to your oral habits—foreplay, in other words—how much time and attention do you spend on each other? I’ll start this off by saying sometimes we will spend time masturbating separately, then move to cock-sucking and pussy-eating together, culminating in our favorite 69 position. Sometimes penetration is not even necessary,” she concluded.Carol replied, “Bob and I are not exactly balanced when it comes to oral foreplay. I would love to have him eat my pussy much longer than he does, but I get that when he is hard, he just craves my lips to be wrapped around his cock for a couple of minutes—then it’s fucking time,” she added.During Carol’s part of the conversation, I had gotten up to freshen my drink. Since no one was paying attention to me, I was able to unzip my shorts, nervously and carefully release my cock, then grab a big napkin and a plate of snacks to cover myself while I sat back down. I had decided that this would be my plan, and I hoped I could pull it off with only Patty noticing.When Ted added his two cents to the conversation, Patty glanced in my direction and flashed me with the same move, out of eyesight from the others. This time I caught a very brief glimpse of her bare pussy, as well as a very slick, glistening wet area surrounding her sweet spot. As she gave me her telltale “I need to fuck you” look, I glanced right and left to make sure nobody was watching, then moved my napkin and paper plate to reveal my big two-pointer. Patty’s eyes looked like saucers.Tie score!Patty then surprised me and everyone else by getting up and announcing, “Please excuse us. Jim needs to help me with a personal situation. Be right back.” As she took me by the hand and led me to the hallway bathroom, Carol smiled and said, “Okay guys, this is the same stunt you pulled at our hot tub party last time. No early departure allowed this time,” she added. Everyone snickered playfully.Patty said, “We aren’t leaving. I just need to steal away for a sec. Be right back.”As we entered the bathroom, I sat her down on the toilet and fed her my rock-hard cock. She fingered her very sloppy cunt at the same time, eventually releasing me and saying, “I need you to bang me HARD now, and we need to be as quiet as we can, stud.With that, I yanked her off the stool, hiked up her short skirt, and plowed balls deep into her. “Oh, fuck yes. Nail me hard, you fucking stud. I need those big balls slapping against my cunt. OOOOHHHH, FUCKKK YES! I’M CUMMING!!!”I released a mega-load in her as we managed to cum together. Awesome! I believe we were amazingly quiet, all things considered.After we pulled ourselves together, we returned to the living room. No one said a word, but all eyes were on us. You can guess where they were looking.“What are you guys looking at?” Patty said, smiling. “Geez, step away to powder my nose a minute and everyone freaks out. So anyway, where were we,” she asked.“Where we were is, “we all gather quietly outside the bathroom door to listen to you two powdering your noses,” Alice said as everyone began cracking up.“You two are really something else,” Ted added, smiling.After that, we stayed about an hour longer so as to not be rude like the last time. Just before we left, Patty reached out across me to grab a snack and made eye contact with me just as her left breast dropped totally out of her blouse, a deliberate wardrobe malfunction! Nobody else noticed as she surreptitiously snagged the edge of her neckline up and whispered, “One point,” with a sexy smile.On the way home, she asked, “How’d you like my new game? Harder than you thought, eh?”“It really was, but that really did make it sexier. As you discovered, I had a hard-on all night. Thanks for helping me tone that down a bit,” I added.“Well, we will just have to see if I can restore this cock back to all its glory when we get back in bed,” she said while slowly stroking me. And she did, two points again!