(B is for Bondage in BDSM. This is a story about sexual mummification. Always use consent and safe words/signals when performing this kind of activity.)In our marriage, my wife would consider me the perverted one. Being from a conservative southeast country, she would consider herself the vanilla one. It was not until we got married that she discovered her inner pervert.My wife knew about my hidden kinks, one of them being sexual mummification. It is a sexual practice by which one’s partner is wrapped up in saran wrap, tape, or bandages. For beginners, saran wrap is a good budget way to get started. One can be partially or totally wrapped. It is important to always emphasize consent and communication. It can be potentially claustrophobic for some. If done right, sexually wrapping your partner up can make for an erotic and visually pleasing delight.One day, I showed her a naughty image of a woman wrapped in black tape from head to toe. I suggested we try that for foreplay. Her innocent mind was taken aback at first and said that was wierd. However, the seed of an erotic kink took root in her mind.In her dreams that night, she had an arousing experience. The thought of being wrapped up and wriggling on the floor made her inner thighs wet. In her bondage, she was plugged vaginally and anally which vibrated her to higher levels of arousal. All her senses were cut off from the outside world; the only world she experienced was submitting to her husband as his sex mummy. She knew her bounded form was visually pleasing to his eyes as he watched her struggle and writhe in pleasure. She continued wriggling, feeling the onslaught of pleasure from the vibrators inside her. Lust overtook her mind and body, making her newfound kink take over her. At last, her body shook in orgasm from the overflow of arousal.She woke up drenched in sweat and unable to move. Was she still dreaming? She then realized the sheets she was in were twisted around her. Her pussy was drenched in juices from her erotic dream. Realizing it was just a dream, she was relieved it was not real. However, she had a deep desire to make it a reality. Relishing her desire, she wrapped the sheets around herself tightly and drifted off back to sleep.She and I woke up the next morning as usual. She confessed her erotic dream that she had last night. She then whispered seductively in my ear to wrap her that night after work. With a naughty bite to my ear, she hopped out of bed and we both went about our day.After work, we both sat at the dinner table and talked about the bible study topic that week. It was about submission in marriage. We both had read that verse multiple times throughout our marriage. However, it came at us with a new meaning as we looked at each other knowing our plans later that night.My wife stood nude in front of me, ready to be wrapped up. She stood with her arms at her sides. I took the saran wrap and wrapped her in the first layer of her bondage. From the neck down to her feet, she was bound in clear plastic. Her breasts could be seen compressed under the clear wrap. I then put a stretchy black hood over her head, cutting her senses off from the outside world.She stood there bound in her first layer. She felt weird but aroused at the same time. She felt her pussy get wet at the arousal. I then started the second and final layer of bondage on her wrapped form. Starting with her feet, I wound black tape around her. I continued wrapping her, making her mummification more complete. She could feel the second layer making her feel more tight. Once I wrapped her body past her waist, she was starting to look like the object of my fantasies. Muffled moans could be heard coming from her mouth, signaling me to continue wrapping her.From the waist up, I continued to wrap the black tape around her body. She felt the tape go around her stomach and then over her breasts. Once the taping reached her neck, she could feel herself tightly bound. It was at this moment she began to feel claustrophobic.All she could do was moan in discomfort as she felt the tape go around her neck and then around her head. Not knowing the differences between her moans of pleasure or of discomfort, I continued wrapping her. Once her head was wrapped to the point of her face showing underneath the fabric, I paused to take a moment and check on her. I opened a hole on her hood to let her talk. Once it was open, she sighed in relief. She said she felt claustrophobic and wanted to take a break from the wrapping. I agreed with her and let her rest for a moment.She felt her claustrophobia fade away as she took in her bondage. The feelings of arousal built up as she wriggled a bit in the tape. She felt every inch of her body covered in what felt like a tight second skin. She moaned in pleasure, signaling for me to finish wrapping her.I took a new roll of black tape and wrapped the rest of her head, covering her face, except her nose, which was left open to let her breathe. As the last wrap of black tape went tightly around her head, she felt like a different woman. She was now a sex mummy.I took a seat and watched my fantasy come true as I watched my wife wriggled in excited arousal. She felt submissive in her wraps, trusting her husband with her pleasure and safety. Like her dream, she orgasmed in pleasure as she wriggled in her bondage.She signaled to me with her stop motion to cut her loose. With my scissors, I carefully cut the tape off of her. She lifted herself out, smelling of sweat and arousal. I gave her a hug and expected that she would be tired. However she locked her eyes with mine. Her eyes were aflame with desire. She mounted herself on top of me and the rest of the night went as one could imagine.