Robin texted James. “Meet me at our restaurant.”When James walked in, Robin was there in a loose, yellow sundress that showed off her small tits with no bra.  James couldn’t help staring.“You like what you see?”“Damn baby, you not wearing a bra makes you and them look so fucking hot.”Robin giggled and reached up and undid another button on her dress.  More than half her firm tits were in view.“Is this better?”Robin smirked and grinned.  James smirked and teased “It’s getting better.”Robin reached up and undid another button and pulled her dress open letting him see her beautiful tits and long hard nipples.  She pushed her chest out.“Bet you’d like to squeeze them and play with my nipples.”Robin blushed and quickly covered up when the waiter came back with their drinks.  He clearly liked what he saw.“You have nothing to be embarrassed about, Mrs., nothing at all.”Robin quickly scurried off to the restroom.James phone goes off. “Meet me in the restroom.”James hurries and, once the coast is clear, taps on the door.  She unlocked it and James stepped in.  Robin undid her dress and stuck her chest out again.  James quickly locked the door and grabbed her tits and pinched and twisted her nipples. This made her moan loudly. He took one in his mouth and sucked on it as hard as he could.“Yes, oh yes, suck it harder, bite it, mmmm yes, bite my nipple.”James quickly closed his teeth around her long nipple and applied slow pressure until she moaned and her body vibrated.“Yes, oh James, fuck me” she moaned over and over as she urgently undid his pants and took hold of his big, hard cock.James grinned and spun her around, facing the mirror as he yanked her dress up and slapped her hot tiny ass.  She moaned and James pressed his fat cock head against her tiny, hot, wet, pussy.“You want it, don’t you?”“Yes fuck me, fuck me like I’m a slut.”Hearing her call herself a slut, James pulled her tiny waist back, and shoved his entire cock firmly and fully into her pussy, impaling her on his cock. She cried out and her body shook.  James pulled her long hair and began fucking her long and hard, over and over.  Her pussy was so tight and wet.After a few minutes her body tingled and her pussy spasmed around his cock. Her juices gushed out around his cock with each thrust.  James groaned and his cock exploded, filling her pussy with his hot cum.  Both shaking from their orgasms, he pulled out and a huge river of cum ran down her legs. Then here was a knock on the door.  Robin was in shock and total ecstasy as James fixed them both and led her out through the restaurant. He handed the waiter enough money to cover their tab and a very nice tip. Many of the patrons, both men and women,  stared at her as she wore the look of a well fucked slut.