Anne and Ron went to the company Christmas party. One of the activities was for couples to have their picture taken together. When the photos were developed, Anne was appalled at the amount of gray in her hair. She wore her hair long and, in her opinion, the gray made her look like Mrs. Santa Clause.She showed Ron the picture, but he said she was beautiful, and a little gray made her look distinguished. In the mirror, she saw, in her opinion, more than a little gray, and DISTINGUISHED was definitely not the complement she was looking for.The next day, she brought up the subject of dying her hair with Ron. She knew he wouldn’t mind if she just did it, but they hadn’t been married this long without making decisions like this together as often as possible. He told her she was beautiful as she was, and didn’t need to color her hair, but it was up to her.They bought a box of “Light Dawn Blonde”, which she gave to him the next night.“There is enough in the box to color all my hair,” she said.“ALL my hair”, she repeated, when she got no response. He looked up confused. Then she nearly died laughing as his face lit up suddenly with recognition, and he realized what she was saying.“Come on. I need your help. I can’t really see my pussy hair well enough. You will have to color my lady bits.” Anne said.Since neither had colored hair before, this attempt was a bit comical. But finally, having done a passible job of coloring, they got out of the shower and dried off. Ron looked at her in disappointment. He said, “I thought it would be lighter blonde – more like the picture on the box.”“Don’t worry. It is still wet. It will lighten when totally dry. It is warm, let’s go out back while I am drying and you will see.”, she responded. She was right, it was an unusually warm for December. They headed out the back door to the seclusion of their wooded back yard, still naked from the shower. Ron walked over to the chaise lounge on the deck and sat down, straddling it to lean against the back.Instead of going to the chaise lounge she normally used, Anne went to his lounge and also straddled it to sit down between his legs, with her back to him. She slid back until she could lean against him. Having her bare rump snuggled into his lap felt good – very good. He reached around to let her incredibly soft teats rest in his hands. He felt her nipples spring to attention. Her soft cheeks in his lap brought something else to attention.They sat on the lounger for a while enjoying the warm evening breeze on their bare skin. Ron was thinking about the hair between Anne’s legs. He wasn’t sure what to expect when the hair was dry.“Come on, let’s go back in.” Anne said, “My hair is dry, and you are so interested in my pussy that you are not enjoying the beautiful evening we have.”As she entered the bedroom, she flipped on the overhead light. Picking up a folded hand towel, she placed it on the bed and sat on it before laying back. She pulled up her knees; then let them fall apart, spreading her vulva for Ron’s first look. He immediately understood how much lighter blonde the dry hair had become.“Now look all you want,” she said, “This blonde pussy is all yours.”That sounded like an excellent suggestion to Ron. His erection was already at full attention. He stepped forward to stand between her legs. Looking down, he could clearly see her outer lips through the blonde hair. Her swollen inner lips were also very visible. He could even see her tiny clitoral erection forming where her inner lips joined.Her pussy begged to be touched, so he did. As he caressed her, female lubricant began to flow from her vagina. He slowly stroked her lips from vagina to clitoris. Each stroke caused her to lift her pelvis a little off the bed as if reaching for his fingers. Finally, with a groan, she came. She came hard, with each contraction squirting her feminine liquid to wet the towel. She reluctantly caught his hand to stop him stroking her clitoris when it became too sensitive.Giving her a moment to catch her breath, Ron reached down, held her ankles, and lifted her heels onto his shoulders so that she bent at the waist. Her vagina, surrounded by newly blonde hair, was beautifully obvious between her legs. Lubricated by her ejaculation, he slid in easily between her thighs. With each thrust, he could feel how tightly she was holding him with her pussy hug until he could no longer hold back. He came over and over until he was drained.He gently laid her legs on the bed and crawled up beside her. As they rested, he quietly whispered in her ear.“So, blondes really do have more fun.”