My wife and I were both virgins when we married. We were very careful to set sexual boundaries during our engagement. As our engagement continued for almost a year this became really hard (no pun intended!) We wanted to come to our marriage bed without shame and honor the Lord in our relationship. We read a couple of books on sex just before our wedding and this really turned up the heat.Our wedding was over an hour and my bride looked absolutely gorgeous. A few times during our reception I caught a glimpse down her dress. It was easy to imagine seeing her naked breast for the first time. I had imagined them many times throughout our engagement! My wife told me later that she caught a glimpse of my jewels while we swam a few months earlier. I was jumping off a tree into the river. She looked up and saw up my shorts and thought, “Oh My!”After greetings, cake, and punch, we headed off to our honeymoon suite. It was beautiful on the top level of the hotel with floor-to-ceiling windows, a round bed, and a relaxing jacuzzi. We came in and kissed for some time and the bulge in my pants got large! I was ready to take my bride gently. But I had pent up passion from all the time of saying “no, not yet.” Now, we could throw off restraint—and clothes—and enjoy one another fully! I couldn’t wait to feel her naked body against mine.When I lowered my wife’s lingerie from the shoulders I was so overwhelmed with the beauty of her breasts. My wife is from Puerto Rico and has olive skin and dark features that really turn me on. I was thrilled to see her chocolate brown nipples and tried to keep my composure. Pre-cum was leaking in my boxers. I didn’t want to let loose on our very first night together too quickly and wanted to take it slow. Removing her lingerie, I saw the beautiful gift for me between her legs was glistening. I was overjoyed and so ready to feel the inside of my wife for the first time.We both laid down and I kissed and then she gently took my penis and guided me into her. She felt amazing! I read a Christian book on sexuality that cautioned husbands not to thrust immediately once inside their wife. The excitement could make them ejaculate immediately and ruin the time together. So, there I was… inside my wife with passion welling up inside of me and I didn’t move! I knew the slightest move would blow the cork!We laid there in each other’s arms and felt our breath and the movement of our bodies. We kissed and caressed and enjoyed this until I couldn’t take it anymore. With my eyes looking deep into hers I began thrusting like crazy! My whole body was heaving on top of her and she began to moan and push herself into me deeper. She then started shaking and her eyes closed and her head tilted back. I heard “uhhhhh!” “Uhhhh.” When I heard her cum, I shot everything I built up over our engagement into my lovely wife. We both collapsed. My wife had a light red rash on her chest that I learned later was a sex-flush. Amazing!The next day we caught an early flight to the Dominican Republic. It was a long flight and my wife wore a loose dress with no bra. Just knowing that her breast were wiggling inside her dress made me crazy. We sat on the plane and whispered about the night before! This turned us both on. I slipped my hands through the back of her dress and began playing with her chocolate nipples.“I love your Hershey Kisses” and I felt them getting hard. A young man across the aisle saw what was happening. We tried to play it cool, but it was challenging.After we landed in the DR, we had to take a bus to our resort. We sat in the back of the bus and fortunately it was sunset and getting darker. The ride to our resort was an hour so we were feeling hot and bothered and impatient. Everyone was quiet and the lights were off. I was so horny for my lovely bride. I began gently rubbing her nipples again. Then I slowly moved my hands up her skirt and to the wetness between her thighs. Her panties were soaked. I began massaging her, rubbing her clitoris up and down, and then gently inserted my finger into her. She was so warm and juicy. Man, that was fantastic.“Damn it” I thought. I didn’t bring a condom and I really wanted her badly. The bus was full of tourists but all that mattered was her and I wanted to take her. She was aroused as well and moved up and sat on my lap facing the seat in front of us. As I rubbed her clitoris I felt her push against me. Her ass moving into my penis was so delicious even with my pants on! The more I rubbed the more she pushed into me and I could feel my penis about to burst. She began to cum and made a quiet “hmmmm” sound in my ears. Neither of us wanted to alert everyone that hanky-panky was happening. She pushed her ass into me and I could feel the cum in my shorts and down my leg. Oh my… what a bus ride!We finally made it to the resort and were checked into our room. I washed up from the amazing bus ride. After we got ready for bed I could feel my penis coming to attention again! My wife was sexually spent from cumming on the bus ride. But she gladly welcomed me inside her and I quickly thrust to another incredible orgasm. We hugged and kissed and fell deeply into sleep. As I dozed off next to my naked bride, I thought, “I’m really loving marriage!”