This story has some strong language (L)“I think I may be a little sore tomorrow.”Being average-sized, I haven’t heard my wife Beth say this too often—maybe a few times over the years. And it’s always been from making love for too long after some uncharacteristic dryness has set in.But today is different, and I hear and sense so many different hot undertones that it takes me a while to process them. Now, I feel called to share what may be the most difficult aspect of my wife’s sexual past for me. In an earlier story, I confided that her prior fiancé Alex had a much thicker cock than me, but I confined myself to considering only oral sex. Today, I’m ready to think about my lovely wife taking his larger cock in her pussy. (A contributor of an MH’s discussion post once referred to this topic as the proverbial “elephant in the room.”)Here’s how it happened. I was eating Beth out—my favorite sexual act—when she asked if we could change things. Maybe she wanted to be more active because she suggested we use our hands on each other. As usual, she lay down on the bed with me kneeling at her right side. Her right hand knowingly found my dick and balls, rubbing and gently pumping me. It felt great, but for me, this was really about her.I used both hands. My left hand focused on her hard, wet clit, my index finger gently rubbing along its length. Then I used two fingers to surround her clit, kneading along the sides it and rubbing it inside her slippery clitoral hood. I tried to build the intensity by shortening the pauses and increasing firmness, then allowing her tension to fall back, only to resume it all a step higher next time. I knew her body well.My right hand focused on Beth’s labia and inside her pussy. Using a rhythm that complemented that of my other hand I wetly ran my middle finger along her pink opening, then, very gradually, gently, inserting it, just a little bit. Back out, then deeper next time, and soon I was fingerfucking her.I did this for a long time, building up Beth’s release. I told her how hot she looks with her hand on my dick, her nipples hard, and my finger disappearing up inside her hairy pussy. Every once in a while, I leaned down and we kissed, our tongues touching in a more pointed manner than usual, wantonly trying to turn the other on, to push the boundaries.When I sensed she was close, I did something very rare for us: I joined my ring finger to my middle finger, briefly rubbing along the outside of her opening before suddenly plunging both fingers in. I have large fingers, large knuckles, so she felt it right away. I heard a quick intake of breath. The room seemed to become serious.I suspected she knew my thoughts and history on this. One time, long ago, she shyly asked me to use two fingers, and I did, thinking it was very exciting.But it soon made me feel a little inadequate. That may have been the first time I realized how pleasurable her boyfriend Alex’s thicker size probably was to her. Her request really brought that home. I’ve used two fingers only one or two other times since then, and only briefly, reasoning that my own dick would be bound to feel larger in comparison to only one finger. Beth certainly knew of my jealousies, which is probably why she never asked for two fingers again.But tonight I wanted to go for it. Initially, this was just for her, but I soon grew to be turned on by it as well. My change of heart on this—wanting it for both of us—was another step in my healing of coming to accept and even celebrate my wife’s sexual past with her fiance. Readers of my other stories will know that, at times, I used to negatively obsess about her past (but I never blamed or shamed her.) I was fighting it, and this gave it more power. With God’s grace, I’ve learned that to accept it, I must celebrate it (the more graphically, the better) when it does rarely come up. Only then will it recede. Whole years can go by now before I think of it; before my epiphany, I counted myself lucky with a month. And, just as importantly, now when I do rarely think of it or it comes up somehow, it’s hot, sexy, and beguiling instead of nightmarish. The solution probably seems crude and disrespectful to some, and it certainly is paradoxical, but it works, allowing me full loving participation in our holy marriage. We both believe it is a gift from God.We said nothing about my jealousy or insecurity about Alex’s size tonight. But since it had been so long since I’d stretched her this way, I wondered what she was thinking. She knows that I certainly remember he was much thicker than me. And I know that she knows. And—the one that is especially hot—she knows that I know that she knows.Beth let out a moan as I pushed both fingers deep inside her wet pussy. In and out, stretching her, I gave her a true fucking. Her clit had gotten larger under the fingers of my other hand. I had timed this well; using both fingers helped put her over the top. She started to cum; a big release washed over her in multiple waves. I continued, and it seemed to come close to a true pounding, me fingerfucking her. As I felt her pussy contract around my fingers, I let up from her clit, but continued wetly moving both fingers in and out, slowing down but still going hard and firm and deep, perhaps pushing it a little. As the last of her physical tension released, she moaned softly. Beth’s eyes were closed, and her hairy pussy was wet and gaping when I pulled away. It was quiet. Then she said it.“I think I may be a little sore tomorrow.”Back in the present, my mind races, trying to process all the undertones in her voice. I wonder how often she said that to Alex.She’s still absent-mindedly touching me. I know that, eventually, she’ll make me cum, but this period of her recovery will last a while. I use it to reflect on her words. If confronting that her pussy once took Alex’s thicker cock is today’s lesson, I want to thoroughly hammer it home, do it right, so we can both benefit from my acceptance of reality.She sounds conspiratorial, like her being sore tomorrow is a secret for only the two of us. But it was just from my fingers. I get jealous imagining the two big secrets she shared with Alex: sex itself, which was new to them both, and his thick cock. What a big secret his large size must have seemed from her parents, her friends, the professor in her evening class after making love at dinner time.(But maybe she confided in a friend! Maybe someone in our own wedding party, someone we still see, knew she’d had a big cock before me.)Her tone has a hint of pride to it as well, pride at her big orgasm, but especially pride in how it happened. Was she proud, then, of having a well-endowed boyfriend, and, to put it crudely, of being able to take it? I want to know (but I’m also afraid to find out) if she ever spoke admiringly to Alex about his large size. (Ouch! That one is tough for me.) Did she like having the reminder of their love in how she walked the next day, in having to use her mouth to get him off the next time in order to rest her sore vagina? I often wonder what thoughts float through her mind, even in the present, when she hears the phrase ‘size matters’ or ‘big dick energy,’ or other references in modern culture.“I think I may be a little sore tomorrow.”Beth certainly sounded satisfied when she said it. I feel badly for depriving her of this feeling of being pleasantly stretched. I vow to do this again every once in a while. It’s intimidating, but I reflect on her orgasms with Alex. Maybe my future wife easily reached orgasm just from intercourse alone with him because his cock was so thick it rubbed perfectly against her clit. (With me, Beth falls under the same category as most women, as research shows it. If an orgasm occurs during intercourse, it’s usually because there is also manual stimulation of her clit, from either her or me.) I have to admit, even now, this can make me feel sad and intimidated.But it doesn’t last long. It’s hot, and I vow to give her all the orgasms I can, however I can. I repeat my silent promise to fingerfuck her with two fingers more regularly, to allow her the sensation of orgasm while her pussy is stretched full. As a sexual being, my wife deserves this, and I’m truly thankful for God’s gift of allowing me to see this.(By the way, she’s always said she’s not interested in any sex toys, preferring just the eroticism of our warm, naked skin and mouths. I’m with her on that, but I’ll ask her again the next time I stretch her out. Although it would definitely be a new challenge for me to witness her writhing on a thick phallus as she or I push it into her, I owe it to her, and maybe to me, to ask.)I feel my own orgasm building, watching Beth’s hand on my dick. She asks me how I want to cum, offering her mouth. (I love her for that.) But I’m not ready yet; there’s more of Beth’s sexuality to think on.“I think I may be a little sore tomorrow.”These are the words of a woman who knows she’s been fucked good and hard. I remember once when we were first married, Beth overshared, telling me that making love to Alex when she wasn’t fully prepared could be a “painful pleasure, then mostly pleasure.” Over the years, I couldn’t help but think about what this meant: First the incredible, impossible feeling of almost being split in two, her face worried, wondering if she’s reached her limit. Thinking it can’t possibly be right, she wondered if she should stop him, why it wasn’t getting easier, why it always felt like the night they lost their virginities to each other. And then, oh thank goodness, it eased. She started to understand a deep truth from her body—that it was worth it. The discomfort was a passage she needed to get through, a wet, tight, secret, sexual passage. And it was worth it because now every inch of her pussy felt given up to him and stretched and taken and filled up by him.I recall her body moving back on the bed when I fingerfuck her. With one finger, it happens when my palm reaches her pelvis, and it’s my hand pushing against her which is mostly the cause of her slender body moving, her tits jiggling. But with two fingers, it comes sooner, more from her pussy. I get purchase (as a carpenter would put it) right away from the shallow, outer part of her wet, pink opening.I compare it to making love to Beth in missionary position, her body moving up and her head closing in on the headboard when my pelvis meets hers, our pubic hair mashing together. Did Alex see her tits jiggle and her hand reach up to brace herself sooner, his thick cock barely having entered her wet tunnel? I imagine so.In missionary position, she likes it when I occasionally go hard. I wonder if it felt like Alex was going hard all the time. Did he hear Beth moan louder than I ever will? And what about when he came? Did my future wife feel it, thankful for the needed extra lubrication his semen provided?Unable to wait much longer, I take Beth’s hips and move her into doggy style, saying I want to cum inside her that way. I know when she and I first did doggy style, it was new only to me. Thoughts of how Alex’s view then may have compared to mine flit through my consciousness, but I’ve had enough.Catharsis achieved, I feel powerfully called to the present. Although her past sexuality may very occasionally be a turn-on for us going forward, it will never again be in such abundance as in this exercise. These thoughts are in our service, not the other way around.She goes to the edge of the bed while I move to stand behind her on the floor. First I enjoy the view, her shapely hips, full ass, and brunette pubic hair peeking out. Then I move to her and thrust into her still-wet pussy. I reach my hand around to her clit, but she says no, she’s happy; she tells me to just use her body. She moans a little as we fuck, dropping her head onto her pillow and raising her ass.Beth’s pussy feels perfect. It will be wonderful, so elemental, primal, to cum inside her this way. I thrust harder, and her body reacts as if I, too, have a very thick cock.The truth comes to me, and I’ve somehow always known it, even in my darkest days: My cock is perfect for her; average is thick enough. She gets big orgasms with me in a wide variety of ways.I feel my own orgasm build; my perfect-sized cock feels larger and larger, sperm ready to burst. Beth’s pussy is yielding, firm, and juicy. I knead my wife’s ass cheeks with my hands, mash her soft ass into me, and cum hard into her wet, hairy, still-tight pussy, my semen spurting deep inside her.