(A) – This story contains anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.* Additionally, this story contains intense BDSM/kink play, including pain play.ReadPart 1 of the story here.Le Calendrier de L’avent– The Advent CalendarPart 2: The Note7 Décembre2 Décembre​: Blindfold.3 Décembre:Cinnamon Tiger Balm.4 Décembre:​ Large bag​ of rice.5 Décembre:Black leather collar and​ a lead.6 Décembre:Anal plug (6cm​ x 2cm).The black envelope sat​ on the table all day.​ A shoebox-sized black box sat beneath it, covered in the same gold Paisley swirls that all​ of his advent calendar gifts had been wrapped in.Gabriel’s wonky handwriting was scratched​ on the face of the envelope face. The message of messy gold-penned letters was simple and yet annoyingly intriguing.“7 Décembre, ouvre moi​ à 5h”‘Open​ me​ at​ 5’ was​ a simple instruction. However, because Andrea was now not allowed to open​ it, it was a conscious​ presence all day.​ Not knowing was maddening. When she went for her coffee,​ it was there; when she sat​ to eat her lunch,​ it was there; when she dropped the mail​ in the basket​ in the kitchen,​ it was there.As 5 pm approached, she found herself​ in the kitchen pouring​ a glass​ ofBeaujolais, staring​ at it. She could feel the butterflies​ in her stomach​ as she once again glanced​ at the note, then the clock​ on the wall, and back ​at the note.4:58Andrea looked nervously​ at the clock again.4:59Her stomach was​ in knots, and she could feel the sweat beading​ on her forehead. She glanced back​ at the note and noticed the time had changed.4:59:30Her breathing quickened, and she looked back​ at the clock.4:59:35She took​ a deep breath.4:59:47A smile grew​ on her face.5:00:00“Here goes,” she said under her breath.Reaching for the envelope, she picked open the envelope and peered in. She extracted the black note, unfolded​ it, and read the instructions, which were also written in gold lettering.“7 Décembre: Place the Balm, Rice, Collar, Lead and Plug​ on the table. Then send​ me​ a photo​ to prove you have done​ as​ I requested.”Her heart quickened at the idea of so many exciting items. Quickly, she did​ as the note instructed: she retrieved the items from the package under the note, laid them out on the kitchen table, took a picture with her phone, and sent it to Gabriel. Only moments later, she stared​ at the three dots bobbling​ in the chat, waiting anxiously as he typed his next instruction.“Strip completely, place the blindfold over your eyes securely, and kneel​ by the door.​ I need​ a photo​ prove you have done​ as​ I asked.”Andrea smiled, and her heart began​ to race.“OuiSir,” she texted back.She took her time, removing her clothes, folding them, and placing them​ in​ a neat pile​ in the kitchen. She skipped​ to the hall and slipped the blindfold over her forehead. Holding the phone​ in​ one hand, she angled​ it​ so​ it showed her kneeling​ on the floor. Then she replaced the blindfold over her eyes and snapped the picture. She lifted the blindfold just enough to send the picture. The phone made its whoosh sound, and she replaced the blindfold. As the seconds ticked away, the butterflies​ in her stomach multiplied, and her mind raced.Andrea felt​ a little strange, naked and blindfolded​, alone in her own home. But she did​ as Gabriel had asked, kneeling​ in the doorway, her knees​ on the cold, hardwood floor. She waited, her body trembling with anticipation.Unsure how long she had been kneeling,​ it was​ a pleasant relief to hear the keys jingle​ in the lock and the door open and close.“Good girl,” Gabriel praised​ as​ he stood looking​ at her.“Thank you, Sir.”He walked over and crouched down.“You are magnificent.”“Thank you, Sir,” Andrea said again.He reached out and cupped her face with his hand, stroking her cheek.“You are also​ a very obedient girl.”“Yes, Sir.” the compliment sent the heat rushing between her legs.Gabriel did not remove the blindfold. He walked past her, and she could hear him fumbling behind her.First, she heard the scrape​ of the collar slide across the table. The lead dropped​ to the floor with a thud.​ She felt him stand behind her and carefully wrapped the leather around her neck and fastened​ it tightly.“Safety word,”​ he said.“Marmaduke, Sir,” she whispered. It was the word that would bring all this to an end if it ever became to much for her. She had never had​ a need to use​ it, but simply knowing​ it was there was​ a huge comfort in their play.He leaned down and kissed her neck, just below the collar.“Good girl.”He took the lead​ in his hand and walked down the corridor, gently pulling her along, still unable to see.​ As​ he led her, the lead would tighten around her neck and restrict her breathing.“Uhh!”“Are you okay,chérie?”“Yes, Sir, thank you.”“Good.”Once they were both​ at the end of the hallway,​ he stopped.“Stand,”​ he commanded.“Yes, Sir.”Andrea stood up, and Gabriel pulled her lead​ so her body was flush against his.​ He kissed her neck and slid his hand down her back.​ He gave her​ a light slap on the arse.“Ah!”He slapped her again, and Andrea cried out.“Spread your legs, pet,”​ he said.“Yes, sir.”“Wider.”Andrea spread her legs wider, and her pussy became more exposed.“Good girl.”As she stood with her legs apart, her arms hung loosely​ at her sides, her breathing becoming shallow. She felt him step forward, and​ he pressed his body against hers. She desperately wanted​ to kiss him​ and leant forward ​to find his lips. She felt the sting​ of his plan smack her mound, and she winced​ in pain.“Did​ I say you could kiss me, Pet?”“No, Sir.”“Are you excited?”“Yes, Sir,” she whimpered, “very excited.”He pulled her hair and yanked her head back.“Mmm…” she moaned.“Do you want​ to see me?”“Yes, please, Sir,” she moaned.“What​ do you want​ to see?”“Your… cock, Sir.”“You want​ to see​ my cock?”“Yes, please, Sir.”Gabriel let​ go​ of the lead, and she felt him step away.“Stand against the wall,”​ he commanded.Andrea moved back and stood with her back against the wall. She did not know where Gabriel was​ or what​ he was doing, which added​ to the excitement. She could hear him walking, his feet slapping​ on the hardwood floor, and her mind went wild. She wanted him​ to touch her,​ to take her,​ to dominate her, and​ it drove her crazy.She could hear him approach, and​ he pulled the lead again.“Ahhh…”“Turn around and bend over, Pet.”“Yes, Sir.”Andrea turned around and bent over, her ass exposed.“Legs wider.”She spread her legs and felt the cold air hit her.“That’s better, now, stay like that.”“Yes, Sir.”As the words left her mouth, she felt him slide a toy into her wet, gaping pussy.​ It must have been the plug from the box, she guessed. He turned​ it inside her.“Oh!” she gasped.“That’s​ a good girl.”Gabriel thrust it​ in and out​ as she grasped the walls for balance.“Ahhh!” she moaned.“Take it!”He thrust​ it into her again and pulled the lead, which tightened around her neck.“Ughhh!” she groaned.“Take it, slut.”“Ohhhhh….”“Bend down lower and hold your ankles,”​ he commanded.Part​ of Gabriel’s training was​ to get Andrea more supple​ by having her join yoga and pilates classes. She was now flexible enough​ to​ do​ a downward dog and reach her ankles. She did​ as she was instructed. Gabriel extracted the toy from her pussy and moved​ it​ to her arse.​ He rimmed​ it over her hole before sliding​ it inside.“Ahhhh….Sir.”“You are​ a very good girl.”Gabriel slid the toy out​ of her arse and then pressed​ it back in. It was somewhat lubricated from her pussy, but not quite enough for smooth entry. Andrea felt the pain​ as the penetration pulled and pinched her bum.Gabriel began​ to orbit​ the toy gently in slow circulations. Andrea was feeling lightheaded when she felt him spank her bum cheeks with his palm.“Uhhh… Sir,”He slid the toy from her arse and placed his thumb in.​ He rotated​ it around inside her, loosening her tight ring.“Do you want​ me​ to fuck you?”“Please, Sir, yes, please,” Andrea begged.“Ask for​ my cock.”“Please, Sir, give​ me your cock.”“Tell​ me what you want.”“I want your cock, Sir,” she pleaded.“Ask for​ my cock.”“Please, Sir, can​ I have your cock?”“Where?”“My pussy, please, Sir.”Gabriel stepped forward and pulled her hips back until his erection rested between her legs. Andrea reached out​ to support herself against the wall.“Here?”“Yes, Sir!” she pleaded.“No,​ I don’t think you deserve​ it, Pet! Turn around! Kneel,”​ he ordered.“Yes, Sir,” she stuttered.Andrea knelt, and​ as she did, she heard Gabriel walk​ to the end​ of the hall.“If​ my Pet wants​ to get fucked, Pet will crawl​ in her hands and knees and come​ to me.”Andrea was still blindfolded​ as she began​ to feel her way​ on her hands and knees along the corridor.The first crunch​ of the uncooked rice beneath your bare hands and knees startled her with its sharpness. The grains dug into your skin, petite, jagged discomfort points pressing against your palms and knees.​ As she scuttled forward, the pain intensified. Each movement forced more weight onto the rice, the individual grains imprinting onto her flesh with every inch forward.“Slower,” Gabriel said.The cold, hard floor beneath the rice added​ to the sensation,​ a steady reminder​ of the unyielding surface she was crawling across. The texture​ of the rice became more distinct with every movement: gritty, uneven, and relentless.​ It was not just the sharp pain but also​ a constant, dull ache that built​ as she moved further down the hallway.Her knees felt bruised, her hands throbbed, and her skin raw from the constant pressure. Sharp and pulsating pain shot through her body with every crawl, but she pushed through it. Every foot felt longer than the last. Every inch forward became a battle between the stinging pain and her determination​ to please her master. Unsure​ of how far she had crawled, her mind played tricks​ on her. The hallway stretching out​ in front​ of her was seemingly endless.The sensation became​ a rhythm, her shallow and strained breath, the sound​ of the rice shifting under her weight, and the biting pain reminding her​ of each moment, each step closer​ to the end.She felt the leash become taught, pulling her face upwards.“Good girl,” Gabriel said.Andrea’s skin felt ablaze. Every inch​ of her body throbbed and tingled from the intense sensations.“Are you okay,​ma chérie?”“Oui.”“Good girl.”He pulled the lead, and his fingertips brushed her lips, smearing her lipstick across her cheek. She felt the sting​ of his palm across her face, and she winced quietly. Another two smacks harder than the first followed ​in quick succession. The pleasure​ in the pain sent shivers down her spine​ to the toy still embedded​ in her arse. Each stroke​ of his palm​ on her face required her​ to steady her posture, the rice pressing harder into her knees.“Thank you, Sir.”“Good girl,”​ he said, stroking her face gently.He slapped her again and again, the pain intensifying. With every strike, she winced, the toy inside her shifting slightly. She was desperate for his cock, and she wanted​ to touch him,​ to taste him, and​ to please him.“Sir, may​ I please have your cock?”“Beg,”​ he said, smacking her once more.“Please, Sir, yourputainneeds Master’s cock.”“More.”“Please, Sir, please,” she pleaded, “please,​ I want​ to suck your cock, please, Sir!”Gabriel stepped forward and yanked her​ by the hair.“Open your mouth,”​ he growled.Andrea obeyed, and​ he shoved his cock into her mouth. Her tongue wrapped around his shaft, and she sucked him, the taste​ of his precum sending her into​ a frenzy.“Ugh…” he groaned.He began​ to move faster, fucking her face. Andrea felt the pain​ in her scalp​ as her hair was pulled. She moaned around his cock, the vibrations sending him into​ a frenzy.“Ugh…fuck…!”​ he moaned, pulling the lead and making her take him deeper into her mouth.His hips bucked, and​ he shoved his dick deeper into her mouth. She felt the head​ of his cock press against the back​ of her throat, and she gagged, her eyes watering.​ He began​ to thrust harder, and she moaned louder.“Fuuuck…”​ he cried. “Oh god…yes…”​ he growled, his grip tightening. “Gaaaaahh!!!”Andrea’s eyes rolled back, and she choked​ on his dick.​ He continued​ to fuck her face, his hips bucking.“Oh… oh God… uhhh!”He pulled the leash, forcing her head up, and she felt his cock slide deeper into her throat.“Ughhh!”Andrea began​ to feel lightheaded. Gabriel continued​ to thrust harder, his pace becoming more erratic. She felt his dick throb​ in her mouth, and she knew​ he was close.“Oh god…”​ he moaned, “I’m going to cum!”He pulled the leash tighter, and her neck was stretched painfully, her knees​ on the rice delivering​ a shearing pain through her body and into her dripping mound. Every thrust made the toy move inside her arse, her nipples erected with the pain-pleasure that was becoming unbearable.“Uhhh…”Gabriel pulled the leash tighter, his hand grabbing her hair.“Ugh! Fuuuck!”“Ooh!”“Mmmph!”“OH GOD!!!”Andrea felt his cum. The hot, thick, salty fluid spilling into her mouth. Her body convulsed​ as she tried​ to swallow.“Ahhh…”“Ugh….”“Mmmph…”“Mmmm…!”Gabriel collapsed forward, his hands​ on the floor.​ He panted heavily, his body shuddering.“God,dieu,”​ he whispered, his voice hoarse. “You’re such​ a precious slut.”Gabriel continued​ to fuck Andrea all afternoon.​ He used her​ as his sex toy until his thirst for her was quenched. Gabriel edged her until her body ached for release, but Andrea was not allowed to cum.At least, not until…