What my life would be like, as a senior married lover with my beautiful sexy senior wife is really not anything I thought about before we got here to retirement age. As it has turned out it is just incredible!Today’s sex session/lovemaking lay-in/fuck-fest got me thinking about mature mating. It’s a lay in or lie in because I can usually only safely do sexercise in the morning when my weak heart has had a long night’s rest.Today, as old as we are, we romped. After showering we met nude on the bed… like the photo only completely nude! We started with deep kissing. Then loving on each other’s nipples. I added some coconut oil with AloeCadabra unflavored lube to Melody’s pussy. As you would expect I lingered and gave her entire pussy some foreplay fun. I added flavored lube to each tittie. I gotta say that piña colada nips on her coconuts is delicious and somehow appropriate.As we next kissed & petted and tit-tittalated my wife’s smooth sexy body with her full breasts she never looked sexier. She started going through her sequence of vibes to end with her Sensuelle Plus. She was getting “the look” on her first vibrator (a wand) and I told her that I knew that at some point she was gonna cum. I told her that her aroused youthening face was a giveaway. Then I returned to tongue-titty titillation.This compliment made her even more turned on. But she likes her turn to nipple suck. So she made me roll over. I had prepped my vibrating stroker to be ready. It had coconut oil on it. After a while of stoking myself as Melody tongue- titillated & sucked my nipple – I was ready to have sexual intercourse.Tongue titillating my man nips and watching me stroke my member gets her sooo turned on! So she begged me and said, “Fuck my pussy!” So we soon did some serious tender lovemaking and pussy pounding!“I love when you fuck my pussy! Melody said as we took our time, with me alternating between fast and slow thrusts.I paused my thrusts to say, “I love fucking your beautiful pussy!” Then I went back to giving her a loving but thorough pussy pounding!In this sex session, old people’s health issues caused a couple of pauses but we reset quickly. For instance, right after I came strongly & filled her pussy with a nice load of my warm creamy cum I had to sit up to catch my breath. She immediately started to come like a freight train. She cried out in pleasure, “I’m c-coming!”So I immediately dived back into licking and hard suckling her nearest nipple nubbin. This intensified her orgasm. I wish my cock had been inside her pussy or my lips on her titty when her orgasm started but diving back in to suck & tongue her tit had really increased her pleasure!Then I was spent and I laid on my side facing her as she gently ran her fingertips all over my ears, face, & then torso & back after I rolled over..Then I reattached my lips to her tits with a scoop of our piña colada cum from her gently leaking pussy. I first added it to the closest tantalizing nip. Then I began licking it off. This quickly reinflated my cock for round two. Time before last when we made love (6 days ago) Melody came 3 times. But that was not to be today.However, she loves licking and sucking my man-nips! So she went back to doing that as I used my vibrating stroker. This led to my second orgasm and it was a long doozy!So, this was a short sex blog entry of one of our “regular” sex sessions. Regular is still wonderful! And we are so grateful to Father in Heaven that we can still be deeply sexually intimate in our marriage.FYI I am working on a role-play sex session for a future sex session. Role-play sex always makes us super horny. I may write about how that turns out. Keep on lov’n!!