Both my wife and I are science enthusiasts, and our interests include astronomy. So this morning, we got up at 5:00 a.m. to view an early morning conjunction of two planets, Venus and Jupiter. We were a bit early, so we kissed and talked for a few minutes in the dimly lit driveway. We also held each other to conserve body heat.When the two brilliant planets appeared over the horizon, they looked spectacular to us. We took some photos with my telescope and with just our cell phones. It was just below freezing, and we were cold. Plus, the sky was starting to get lighter, so we went in after half an hour. Then we found a great way to warm each other up!We showered separately, with me turning on our rock salt lamps and a YouTube fireplace video while she showered. I also turned on one of our sexy-songs playlists. Then I returned to the bathroom and started shaving my face to the smoothness Melodie insists on before sex.I love the sight of my bride opening the shower curtain and showing off her glistening, voluptuous body. I usually help her out of the shower/tub combo while enjoying the view. But I was so busy shaving that I didn’t notice her until she was standing at my side wrapped in her bath towel. I was a little disappointed, but she quickly took off her towel and hung it on the rack. I kissed and nibbled on her nummy neck, and then my lips found her lovely mouth.I could have taken her right then, but I knew what came next in her routine. So I grabbed the bottle of lotion and began rubbing some on her sexy back. She has always taken good care of her porcelain Nordic skin, and I love the view of her smooth back—and her front, for that matter.“You have a beautiful back, my dear,” I told her as I rubbed in the lotion.“You always say that,” said Melodie.“That’s because it’s always true,” I countered.In the dead of winter, she needs lotion on her front and her full breasts, but it is spring now. Plus, she never applies lotion to her beautiful breasts before we make love. Often on lovemaking mornings, she’ll cup her breasts in the bathroom for some attention from my mouth, but this morning, she quickly jumped into bed.“I’m soooo cold when I get out of the shower all wet!” she said. (We had also been outside in sub-freezing temperatures, so she hadn’t quite warmed up yet.)I joined her on our bed after grabbing our go-to vibrators plus one bigger vibe. Then we kissed while I stroked her pussy. As I slipped my finger inside, I said, “Ooo! You’re already wet down here!”She already had “the look,” which means she’s very aroused, looks 30-40 years younger, and certainly will climax.She laughed but quieted down as I applied Mango-flavored Aloe Cadabra lube and some coconut oil. Then I played with a larger vibe, exploring halfway up inside her pussy while she held her wand vibe to her clit. After sliding the larger, straight vibe up into her for a time, I decided to switch internal vibes.So, I lubed up our G-spot vibe and easily slipped it all the way up into her vaginal love canal. Next, I handed her our looped vibe, and as she buzzed her clit, I scooped some of the lube from her opening. It was now “Lube + Melodie Juice.” I rubbed it on both of her sexy, hard nipples, then went to town on those tasty raspberries.After a while, Melodie said, “It would be funner if I came over there.”She began to plead with me that it was HER turn and she wanted my man-nips. Though thoroughly enjoying licking her nipples clean, I finally gave in.Melodie grabbed her bullet vibe between her legs, so she was still getting double stimulation as she stimmed my nips with her lips.I started to pump my growing erection, but soon I wanted to feel her little hand stroking my big erection. “Touch me. Stroke me, Melodie!” And this time,Iwas pleading.Her sexy hand on my love stick felt so amazing, and she kept up using her magic mouth on my left nipple.To no one’s surprise, I was soon at full power, so I removed the G-spot vibe, slid down to our “X” position (at right angles), and she guided me into her.“Very nice!” she said with a sexy smile as she felt me slide into her pussy and begin pumping.“Is that what you wanted?” I asked as I began ramming harder. “My hard erection up in your pussy?”“Mmmm-hmmm,” she said. “It feels really nice! I love it when you go inside me.”“So you did want me inside you,” I said as I began thrusting fast, then slow, then fast again.I could lie and leave this next part out, but I want the MH readers to know that we often overcome obstacles as we make love.My left arthritic knee suddenly started hurting quite severely, so I began to lose the full firmness of my erection. But the funny thing is that I have learned to appreciate the feel of my hyper-sensitive semi-hard glans when I’m inside my bride. As she contracted her Kegel muscles, her vaginal muscles gave my tip the most incredible feeling. So I kept on making love to her for a long and pleasant time despite not being at 100%.I finally slid my half erection out and moved beside her to love on her nipples. She had been buzzing her clit this entire time. As I sucked and tongue flicked her nipple, my hand pumped my shaft back to a hard status.“Can you go back inside me?” Melodie asked.“Yes, I can,” I said.“You know the rule,” she said with a sexy smile, “If you can, you should!”So I got back into “X” position—me on my side and her on her back with my cock lined up with her even wetter pussy—and thrust in hard. Then I started pounding away. My wife likes a good pussy pounding when she’s very turned on.Soon, my release approached. I was staying very hard, and I could tell that Melodie was enjoying everything. She began to twerk as my orgasm started, and I exploded inside her in orgasmic ecstasy! Her twerking and Kegel pussy-hug prolonged what was already an intense climax.Afterward, I lay there inside her, enjoying the intimacy as I caught my breath. Eventually, I sat up beside her on her right and reinserted the G-spot vibe. It was even easier to insert because I’d added some “haploid-cells” lubrication. I also handed her our more powerful bullet vibe, the Sensuelle Plus. Then, reaching around the G-spot vibrator, I scooped up some of our mango-flavored protein shake and rubbed a bunch onto her nice nipples and amazing areolae, then I licked my fingers.Then I resumed loving on her lovely nips, with my mouth on her right raspberry and my fingers pinching her left one. (She has beautiful titties/breasts/boobs/boobies and nips/nipples/raspberries etc.) I enjoyed this very much—especially with our pussy-mixed, mango-flavored protein shake spread on them. I knew she was having a good time too because she had that youthening, turned-on look on her face, and she had it even more intensely! My goodness, she is so beautiful like that. God must really love me to give me this experience so often for so many years!Melodie again applied the vibe to her clitoris, and within five minutes, she jerked violently in a mighty orgasm! Her back arched off the bed, and her breathing came in tiny gasps.“Was that a good orgasm?” I asked as her breathing became more regular.“Very good, thank you!” she replied once she had come down from Mount O sufficiently to speak.By now, I had started hardening again. Melodie came to my side of the bed and loved on my nips while I pumped my rod to another erection.I asked, but she didn’t feel like going for round two because of her back. She’s been having a lot of back pain lately, so she’s getting a cortisone injection for it in two days. We hope she’ll get some significant pain relief from the treatment.Melodie continued sucking my man nips and fondling my balls until I pumped my hard penis to another pleasant orgasm.This next part, I swear, was the highlight of the month. Remember, we’d gotten up at 5:00 a.m., so we were drained. I pulled the blanket over us, and we spooned and soon went to sleep for three hours. It was so wonderful cuddling like that in the nude and especially right after seeing one of God’s beautiful natural heavenly scenes followed by the sight of my naked wife during passionate lovemaking. I told Melodie that, to me, she is the most beautiful of God’s natural wonders. I’m betting a lot of husbands would say the same thing about their wives.I hesitate to tell you this lest you think I’m a sexual pig. But I woke up a few minutes before Melodie after our three-hour nap, and the memories of our most recent lovemaking got me turned on. I lay still, but I carefully pumped my penis. When Melodie woke up, I tossed off the covers for her to see my full erection. I asked if she wanted more sexual intercourse or to go for a second orgasm, but she still worried about her back.So instead, she brought her magic mouth over to my man nips. I applied more coconut oil to my dick, and together we achieved my third orgasm. To be fair, know that there have been sex sessions where SHE has had more orgasms than me.So that was our Conjugal Conjunction experience this morning. We are so grateful to our Heavenly Father for giving us these years together to enjoy each other’s friendship, “science-y” minds, love, and sexual passion!Please feel free to make comments. They mean a lot to me—not nearly as much as experiencing this true story meant, but your feedback is still important to me.