This post involves anal play (A). It also contains affiliate links (full disclosure here).It was nearing Valentine’s Day, and theonline adult toy storewas having a half-off sale on most items. My wife and I reaffirmed our limits regarding how far we’re comfortable exploring in our sex life—as long as there’s no watching porn or having other partners, threesomes, etc., we’re okay with pretty much anything. It’s such a gift. Then we sat down at the computer in our dining room and chose some new toys.My wife picked out a standard, pink vibrator, an anal-safe dildo, and, of course, toy cleaner. At the beginning of our marriage, I was insecure about certain sizes of dildos, and I didn’t want her to get anything larger than me. I’m average in length and perhaps a bit thinner than some. Since then, I’ve grown to love my body and size more, and a lot of it has to do with the fact that I don’t have unrealistic expectations of myself (or her.) Sometimes, porn doesn’t help in that area.Nevertheless, we decided on a seven-inch, realistic-looking dildo with a suction cup end. We both fantasize about her being stuffed with one dick in her pussy, and one dick in her asshole, and this is the only way to do it based on our convictions. Moreover, we’re excited to see and feel her double-penetrated while she massages her clit. It would look beautiful to watch in the mirror or to make a video to watch together later. Our freedom within marriage is endless.I chose a warming lube designed to make blowjobs more explosive and a few vibrating cock rings. (I recommend buying more than one, because some may be prone to snap, especially if you prefer to stretch it out around your cock and underneath your balls before turning the vibe on, which I highly recommend.)We placed our order, hoping the wait would only be a few days. Because we’d spent the past half hour looking through the website at various anal plugs, sex machines, masturbators, and the occasional attractive-yet-photoshopped woman modeling the lingerie or strap-on, our minds were fixated on sex. The effects were obviously easier to notice on me than on her.My cock began growing in my pants as we perused the site and talked about each other’s fantasies. She was getting heated, even more so when she realized I was, too. I began rubbing the outline of my dick through my jeans, and she quickly joined me. We licked each other’s tongue sloppily, barely using any lips, and I started massaging her boobs. With my shaft growing and our mouths salivating, I reached under her shirt and pinched one of her nipples with my right hand as I made my way up her thigh with the left. Then she sat back and took off her shirt and bra for me. I love her tits, she loves that I love her tits, and we both benefit from everything we get to do.I began sucking and caressing her pussy, which was still confined against its will by her pants. Her body temperature rose and her heart raced to catch up to mine. She removed my shirt, then I stood her up and ripped down her pants, shoving my face in her crotch. I could feel her wetness on my face through her panties. By sloppily turning my head back and forth while my hands squeezed her ass, I asked her clit to swell for me.My wife let out a gasping moan and an “Oh, fuck me,” under her breath.After some more teasing, I pulled her panties down, then stood. I took off my pants but stopped short of dropping my boxers.She grabbed my hard cock through my underwear and rubbed the fabric up and down it. I could feel pre-cum beginning to ooze out. “Oh my Go-” I begin to stammer.It would have been easy to focus only on my orgasm, but I decided to guide her hand away and place it instead on her wet pussy lips. Then I got down on my knees like an obedient sub as she rubbed around her lips. I removed her hand, pushed her back against the dining room wall, and began eating her out where she stood.Moans of pleasure ensued. Getting weak in the knees, my wife lifted my head up from her pussy and led me over to the dining room table. She sat on top of it with her legs open to me, begging me to continue what I’d started.My cock was rock hard at this point and still confined in my boxers, only to be released when she said so. As she waited with her legs spread wide for me, I pulled up a chair to make a meal of her beautiful cunt.She leaned back slightly and pulled her knees up as I wrapped my arms around her waist and buried my face in her crotch. Then I licked away with various motions, changing up the intensity and switching between sucking on her clit and flicking it with my tongue.It’s definitely here where the art of lovemaking becomes possible: when you fully know your partner, and you’re both one. I tried to keep tempo with the ups and downs of her body’s music and occasionally looked up for approval. Eyes rolled to the back of her head, pussy juice flowing—that’s my goal. That’s what she deserves.After a few minutes, she tightened, squeezed, then released, pulsating. “Oh fuck, fuck, I came a little. Keep going. Keep going.”That was my reward for a job well done, but the best was yet to come. I tried to stay focused and attentive to her, switching back and forth between oral techniques to give my mouth a rest but keep the vibe going.“Mmm, I love licking your pussy,” I mumbled with my face smothered between her legs.“Ahh, fuck, that’s good. I’m thinking about your dick in my pussy and a dildo up my ass. Ohh, fuuuckk me!” She started to grind on my face.I stuck out my tongue and made it firm so she could rock back and forth on it.“Just like that. Right there. Right there. Right there.” She stopped rocking as I began to suck away on her clit until she screamed. I felt her pussy muscles flex and wetness dribble down my face. “Holy shit. Ah! Oh fuck, I came.”I slowed down my pace, and her pelvis jolted at the electrifying shocks from the newfound sensitivity of her clit.“My face is numb,” she said, exasperated.Rubbing my penis through my boxers, I stood up and licked all over her mouth and tongue so she could taste her cum.Next, she pulled my hard-on out of my boxers and started licking up the pre-cum I’d been “wasting” inside my boxers. I was overly sensitive at this point because I was just so aroused, so even this teasing around my head could’ve made me orgasm any minute. Then she swallowed most of my cock, burying her nose and face in my trimmed public hair. I felt the head touch the back of her throat as dopamine shot through my nerve endings.My wife continued to go back and forth on my cock for a while, then pulled it out of her mouth and spit all over it before starting to jerk it off while she teased my balls with the tip of her tongue.“That’s fucking hot,” I murmured as I gazed down on the gorgeous scene in front of me.She then returned to gulping down my cock, consistently hitting the back of her throat. Gurgling and choking sounds came from her mouth. She coughed and pulled me out of her mouth, with a long string of thick saliva bridging from my tip to her mouth.“Are you okay?” I asked.“Yeah, I just choked a little. No worries; I liked it,” she said, jerking me off faster with her spit as lube.“Spit more on me; make it real wet.”She spit as much as she could and picked up the pace, focusing more on my head.“I love when you do that. I’m gonna cum soon,” I warned her.“Yeah? You gonna cum for me? Where do you wanna cum?” she replied seductively.“I wanna spray all over your tits.” My balls tensed up.My wife put her middle finger in her mouth to cover it with spit and surprisingly made her way to loosen up my asshole.“Ohh,” I moaned my approval. I never thought she’d be into that, but she continued on exploring, and I was certainly fine with it.Slowly, she made her way knuckle-deep into my ass, massaging the inside of my body. Her finger was making a ‘come here’ motion, and I began to feel a strong orgasm coming on. The combination of penis and prostate stimulation drove me mad.Moments later, as she kept fingering my asshole and stroking my stiff cock, I finally reached my end. My legs quivered as I stood in place. “I’m gonna cum…” I said as she positioned her chest to receive my load. After quite a build-up, I gave in and released a thick rope of cum between her boobs, and then another.Her finger in my ass now stilled as she focused on stroking the base of my cock through my orgasm. I cried out in ecstacy as my whole being pulsated to each sensation.“Oh, wow! Fuck,” she said as cum splattered all over her chest. “That’s hot. That’smycum,” she said.“Ohh, that’s your cum,” I echoed breathlessly as she slowed down her strokes, avoiding my much-too-sensitive tip.Finally, my wife let go of my dick, looked at the mess I made on her chest, giggled, and began to rub my semen around her areolas. Light-headed, I got down on my knees, and we embraced chest to chest. Kissing and smiling, we regathered our breath and remained there for a minute to enjoy the moment more. When we had come down from our high, I got her a towel.“Can’t wait till our package comes,” my lover remarked while cleaning herself off.“No doubt.”Part 2 in progress…