This post contains strong language (L).(I just submitted “Hot Shower”. Playing out what happened next in my mind, I decided to write it down. Please enjoy.)I watched her walk toward the bathroom door, my eyes drawn to her naked ass. She didn’t look back; she knew I would follow. I turned off the shower, stepped out, and walked to the bedroom. My wife was already on the bed, one hand gripping a tit, the other running up and down her belly, ever so close, but not quite touching her pussy. Her legs were splayed open and her bush, wet from the shower, drew my eyes. That was my prize.I headed toward the end of the bed, never taking my eyes off of her. She only looked up when she felt the bed shift under my weight. Her hands didn’t stop their work as mine began their own. I started at her feet, slowly rubbing and caressing her skin as I moved at a snails pace up her calves to her knees. I stopped there briefly noticing they were red from their work in the shower. Planting a kiss on each one, I moved to her thighs. She was still watching me. I laid down on my stomach and gave her feather kisses and small licks, working ever closer toward her pussy. Her eyes were heavy with lust and longing, then closed altogether when I reached my goal. I’m good at this too.Her head dropped to her pillow when I made first contact and she moaned. My cock approved as I drank in her scent. I enjoy this. I explored every inch of her folds with my tongue, writing my love for her on her pussy. She responded with gripped sheets and sweet obscenities. I was in no hurry, but I felt her ascending the hill toward release, so I slipped two fingers into her wet hole, searching for and finding her sweet G-spot. Her response was immediate and she sat up suddenly and said, “Please”. I didn’t deny her. She dropped back to the mattress, but as my tongue found her clit, she raised up again, and my head was momentarily trapped between her thighs. I didn’t mind.She dropped again and moaned more obscenities as my double assault on her pussy continued. Begged me not to stop, she called my name. Her panting assured me it wouldn’t be long now. I was reveling in her taste and scent as she climbed closer and closer. Her moans and words mixed now into an indiscernible babble. I grinned into her pussy. I love doing this to her. She gasped and her moans got closer and closer together until she cried out in a blissful orgasm. She clamped my head between her thighs, but I didn’t stop licking and probing until, with some otherworldly strength, she pushed me away. My mouth, chin, and fingers were wet with her juices.I drank in the sites before me. My wife, my love, laying there … mouth open and panting for breath … chest heaving under delicious breasts … nipples hard and protruding … belly wet with sweat and water … legs spread wide … pussy drenched with her cum. It was a beautiful and erotic site. My cock thought so too, and despite having recently cum, it was back at full mast. I had to have more.I inched forward, sliding my hands under her knees and lifting slightly. She looked up at this, looked at me then down at my cock, and simply said, “Oh shit”. I pushed her knees further back and she looked at me with a pleading in her eyes somewhere between begging for mercy and asking for more. She says my name and I lean forward to kiss her. As I do this, my cock lined up with her hole. We locked eyes and I waited for permission to enter. She nodded yes and her wetness accepted me with one thrust. Her eyes closed and she moaned.The sight of her, the smell of her, and the fresh memory of very recent events fueled my lust and the animal within me took over. I began to fuck her with abandon, and she locked her ankles behind me, pulling me almost as hard as I was pushing into her. I heard familiar sounds and I knew she was about to cum again. She grunted hard and thrusted up with her hips as her orgasm hit. With what little self-control I had remaining, I stopped thrusting as she rode it out. She finally went limp and dropped her hips back to the mattress. I waited for her eyes to open before thrusting again. I wanted her to watch me. She was soaked.There was no resistance as I stroked in and out. She knew my need and encouraged me to continue. My pace picked up and I heard her pussy squelching as I pounded her hard. The sweat was dripping from my forehead as I fucked her with gritted teeth. Her own sounds of pleasure joined mine as I felt my orgasm building. We were not making love. We were fucking.I looked down and saw her eyes wide. She said my name and I wanted us to cum together. Her hands were still on my hips helping me fuck her. Our eyes stayed locked as we each neared the end. She went first, but not by much. I only had time to see her eyes slam shut as her orgasm began. Mine followed moments later as I felt her pussy clamp around my cock. I exploded into her.We held this position until the waves passed and we slowly began to relax. Panting, my cock slipped out of her and holding her gaze, I slowly dropped to her chest. Feeling her tits on me was electric, and I claimed her mouth with mine. I rolled to her side and she nuzzled into my neck. She placed her hand on my chest and idly drew circles with her finger. We each looked down at the sweaty mess we had become and started laughing. She held my gaze and winked. It was time for another shower.