It had been a long day full of work and commitments on both our parts. We’d talked of taking time for intimacy after Andrew’s last commitment, but neither of us expected the clock to read 2am before his return. I’d stayed up in needless vigil, but I didn’t mind. With both of us so exhausted though, we just decided a raincheck was in order and promptly went to bed.A lovely dream quickly settled over me. More of a hazy memory from our dating days. In the dream, Andrew is holding me gently as we lounge on a couch, watchingSmallvilletogether. He’s granting me sweet, unhurried kisses that made love bloom in my heart and my toes curl. His love feels as deep and unfathomable as the ocean sometimes.I feel my eyes open, but the dream bleeds into reality in the near dark of our bedroom.Ah. What a lovely dream-memory.Wait. The bed shifts, sheets rustling. I’m not snuggling him on a couch, but lying beneath him onourbed, in our room, and the TV is off. We’re both half asleep and he’s drawing back, murmuring “Mmm, love you,” in his sleepy voice as he goes to settle back to sleep on his side of the bed. The ghost of his soft kiss still lingers on my lips. The orange numbers on the clock show it’s after 4am.Nuh-uh. No way am I letting him go back to sleep after that. I wrap my arms around his neck to draw him back to me. Our lips meld in the dark, our kiss becoming deeper, more urgent, less gentle, but still so sweet. I can’t get enough of him. He covers me, settling between my thighs, his hard length pressing exactly where it belong. The only barrier between us is the thin cloth of my nighty. I skim my hands over his chest hair, swallowing his shivery moan when I pinch his nipples.Our kisses grow even deeper, longer. I’m panting between them before reconnecting. Who needs air? All the while I’m clinging on to him, grasping his shoulders, his back, twining my fingers into his hair as his lips travel down my jaw to suck that sweet spot at my neck. Our bodies rock together, fingers interlacing and untangling, just delighting in each other.Oh! The shivers of my first climax start in my legs. I can feel his satisfaction in the curl of his lips.A pleased sigh leaves him when he finally works my nighty out from between us, one of his fingers slipped inside to prime me for the next act, his mouth closing around a nipple. Ah yes! Soon enough, his finger is replaced with something thicker, bigger, then he holds still. We continue making out with me digging my heels into his backside until he’s finally fully seated inside, then at last he’s moving. His slow, gentle glides hit all the right places just perfectly as we continue making love. Our moans and gasps mingle in the darkness as much as our mouths. There is a slow build up until we both reach the peak and ride down the cascade. Together.