A warm, steady rain drums against the windowpanes. I am on a solo retreat, a few days of bliss without my children or husband (as wonderful as they all are.) I don’t have to attend to anyone or anything except myself. The tiny home I’ve hired is both cute and luscious. All tin, iron and raw wood with a huge bed, soft throws and linens, and a bath outside on the deck overlooking the hills. It’s remote—no one around for miles and no phone coverage. I’ve stashed my food, unpacked my bags,  and made a cup of tea.The drive out here has given me enough time to let go of the week. I breathe deeply and relax, anticipating this time and becoming fully present. I am like the throws: soft and light, cosy and warm. The rain keeps falling, adding a sheen to everything. I lay back on the buttery leather couch, enjoying my tea. The whole front of the house is floor-to-ceiling windows. I can see drips gathering at the top, sluicing down, gathering speed as they fall. The rain on the tin roof elicits moody sounds, intensifying my aloneness. A throbbing of my nipples and between my legs increases as blood begins to flow and my breathing gets deeper.The usual pang of sadness when I notice my tea is finished is quickly dispelled as I set the cup aside and unbutton my blouse. Slowly, with a private smile, I start at the bottom and work my way up, releasing each button with a relaxing sigh. Goodbye work attire. My bra is white, sheer lace that loosely holds in my huge boobs – favourites of my husband’s. I can see my nipples straining, so I reach back and unclasp their bonds. They heave in release, heavy and pert, the cooled air a welcome whisper against them. I cup my breasts in my hands, squish them together, hold their weight, and pass my thumbs around my nipples. I sigh. Freedom.One of the first rituals I do on my retreats is to rub oil or lotion over my entire body, taking my time ande giving thanks to God for all that it does for me, telling it to rest and receive. I lean forward to grab some oil from my bag and notice the box my husband had slipped in there on my way out of the house.“I got you something. Enjoy yourself this weekend. I look forward to hearing about it.” He kissed me goodbye with a tight squeeze of my ass.Grinning, excited and a little nervous, I pull off the lid. Inside is a realistic looking and feeling dildo … in black. There’s a note:“Just ‘cos I’m not black doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy one.”My eyes bulge. It’s big, thick. We have a few other toys in our collection, but they’re not lifelike in looks or color. I gulp even as my stomach flutters and my honeypot thickens.I set the box down beside me and discard the rest of my clothes. Once I am naked, I gather a towel, my oils, my little bag of toys… and the black dildo and go out on the deck. The clawfoot bath is under its own little tin lean-to shelter. I turn on the taps and add salts and oils. While I wait for it to fill, I rub my body down with lotion and enjoy the smells and sights of the countryside getting a drenching. There’s a little table on the side of the bath. I’m sure it’s for wine glasses, but it’s my toy shelf today.First, my hands.Thank you, God, for my hands and for allowing me to do your work serving people with them.My arms.Thank you Jesus for my arms that can lift and embrace my children. Help me to rest in your arms.My shoulders that carry more than they should:I give my burdens to you.My breasts, the delight of my husband.My tummy, aging and soft.Then my feet that support me so well.My legs (arguably my best feature): calves, knees, thighs.It really is too bad I can’t reach my back, but I am grateful for it, too, supporting me. (It will get its own time tomorrow with a massage I’ve booked.)And finally, my pussy – its lips, its cave, its potential. What a wonder God has made with this piece of anatomy. It’s like just him, really, to create something so fathomless.The bath is full. My body is shiny. My fingers fondle my clit as I reach to turn off the taps. My boobs dangle into the top of the water with the motion. It’s gloriously warm, almost too warm, and I take my time lowering myself in and getting accustomed to it. For long moments, I just lay there. My head tipped back against the edge, steam rising around me. The air is dense and cool. I love the smell of rain on dirt.I select my small bullet vibe and put it on low. Starting at my lips, I trace them, then gradually move slower over my collarbones and my breasts until arriving at the tips of my tight nipples. Then lower I go, over my belly, and I rest the vibrator at the top of my pubic bone. That’s all I need for now. Just a buzz, just nestling there as I let my mind conjure up a fantasy. The story unravels, and soon I’m reaching for my clitoral vibe. It has me shivering hotly in the water in no time. In my imagination, my man is watching me: tall, dark and brooding. He just wants to watch me interact with my body.I warm up a glass dildo in the water before pushing it gently between my pussy folds, finding my centre and slipping in with a thud that causes me to moan deeply. When I first got this toy, I was certain I would never get it in or get off on it, but it has been a glorious investment: weighty and curved with hard ripples, a small ball on one end and a wide head on the other. It hits my G-spot and cervix with a mesmerising touch that’s both hard and gentle. I feel my body warm up from within. Clutching the toy inside me, I squirt with a loud sigh, my juices quickly lost in the hot water.I lay there for a while, enjoying the water swirling around, my breathing becoming slow and deep. My man sighs too, breathing with me, but he doesn’t touch me. He touches himself. He’s removed his clothes and sits beside the bath, stroking his length. Watching him watch me gets me aroused again. I stand from the bath, grab the new dildo I now refer to as Hugo (Boss), and head inside. Closing the glass doors to the rain, I recline against the headboard of the glorious big bed, a mountain of pillows supporting me.For a while, I just hold Hugo, feeling its weight, testing its flexibility. As my hands get to know its size, my pussy expands in preparation. As my chilling body, still a bit wet from my bath, covers in goosebumps, I spread my legs and rest the head of the dildo against my clit.Reaching for some lube, I spend some time making sure it and I are slippery and warm. The head is huge, and I take a deep breath, letting it out slowly as I nudge the tip through my opening. Girthing, the need to be stretched and filled—this is why my husband brought me this toy. He knew I wanted to test how much I could fit into my cave. (He more than satisfies me and is in no way intimidated by my desires.) It feels so good. So good to be alone and in a space where I know I’m not going to be interrupted, where I have the time to ready my body and enjoy its pleasures. What a gift my husband has given me: the time away, the toy, the freedom in our marriage for this.My fantasy man moans; we moan together. Slowly, I take more and more of that giant black dick into me. I feel full and overwhelmed, and I don’t even need to move that toy around; I’m stimulated to every end. My body flexes around it, pulls it deeper almost on its own. My juices are flowing down and around the cock, out my pussy and down my thighs. There is so much wetness and heat coming from that area that I can’t help but moan louder. I imagine being held by my man in this moment, my breasts crushed against him, our breath mingling, our sighs matching. Filled to the hilt, I rest, peering down between my legs as I come hard, rocking gently into the toy and screaming with joy.Undone, I ease the toy out. The flood continues as the plug is pulled, and I sink back, starfished on the bed.Next time, I’ll remember to take a photo of me packed full of Hugo to send to my husband. It’s a few days before I can tell him all about it.