My mom and dad were staying with us, right near our bedroom.  I love my parents. I love having them over.  But it used to be so hard to make love knowing they were there. I often refused at the beginning of our marriage to make love if either one of our parents were there. Heck, if anyone was there.How embarrassing, I thought to myself.What if they hear or catch us?Is it rude or disrespectful to have sex knowing your parents are right there? Over time, I gained confidence.Sex is what created us; it created me. I remember being a small child and accidentally hearing and walking in on mom and dad. They talked to me about it after and said this is what married couples do when they loved each other. I try to keep this in mind. They know we have sex, we’re married. We’re trying to create their grandchild. Over time I didn’t mind making love with people at home. That’s why we have a lock, lol. And even if they do hear, they know we love each other very much.It was 2 a.m. My parents were asleep, or so we thought. I was on my knees, sucking my husband’s hard cock. His eyes rolled back as I took all of him in. My nightwear was still on as my husband threw his head back and moaned a little. His cock was so beautiful and had a vein popping up, ready and happy.“Come here,” my husband said, taking my hand to help me up.  “If you keep doing that I’m gonna cum.”He kissed my neck before removing my nightwear. Exposing my hard nipples, he covered them in kisses. A slight moan came from my lips. He gently took his index finger and put it on the top of my clit.“Gosh, you’re swollen,” he said, “I bet you’re wet, too.” and he slid his finger into my hole.He ushered me to the bed and laid me back. He planted kisses all over my body, up and down. I felt his hardness when he sucked my nipples.“Oh, yes.” I moaned slightly, hoping the TV would cover up my pleasure.My husband came up to my lips, and our tongues met. He was on top of me but not in me. I was getting wetter by the second, literally dripping. He could tell as he stuck a finger inside me.“Oh, babe, you’re soaking wet!” He smiled. “I can take care of this,” he said as he licked my juices, then finger fucked my pussy—first with one finger, then two. Soon, he was licking my clit, too, as I got closer to cumming. He found the perfect spot as I inched and inched towards the high. His fingers and mouth took turns as my orgasm neared. I couldn’t control myself; my body took over.“Right there,” I moaned. “Right there. Don’t stop.”My husband worked his magic until I couldn’t take it anymore. My body shook as my release came.“Shitttt,” I moaned, eyes closed. “I’m cummin’, baby. I’m cummin’.”I let myself go and gave in, enjoying myself. My body shook as pleasure went up and down in me.I wanted to return the favor, so I got up and pulled him down so he was lying on his back. Ever so gently, I slowly lowered myself on top of him, teasing him really. My walls wrapped around him until he couldn’t take it. I squeezed myself around his hardness until he was begging me to fuck him.“Please,” he moaned as I squeezed his cock and rode up, his eyes rolling back. Slowly squeeze up then relax down: that was my pattern.He couldn’t hold on. Before I knew what was happening, my husband was pounding my sweet, wet pussy from under me while holding my hips. His balls were slapping the shit out of me. Our moans of ecstacy filled the room. Sweat puddled between our bodies as our bed rocked to our beat. We had not a care in the world who heard.“Oh. Shit. I can’t,” my husband moans. Suddenly, he swooped me under him without warning. It happened so quickly I couldn’t react. His lips found my hardened breasts before kissing me all over and eating me out to the top of the world. I couldn’t help but give in.My moans were barely covered by our TV, and my legs wrapped around his head. My hair was messy, my body sweaty, and my hands were grabbing the sheets off our bed.“Right there,” I moaned.My husband’s mouth worked inside me as I built. He knows my sweet spots and didn’t dare let them stay out of reach. No matter how much I tried to get away, he found them again, eating me until I exploded all over him.Tears ran down my cheeks, mixing with sweat as my body shook and almost suffocated him when I released.Once I was done, I became determined. I smiled and said, “My turn.” I motioned my husband onto his back again and got on top and rode him. No way was I gonna let him off the hook this time. I needed him inside me and needed his sweet cum in me.Again, slow up-and-downs, squeezing myself around him then letting go. His moans filled the room as I rode him, not waiting to do anything else.“Oh baby, you are wonderful,” he groaned.Picking up the pace, I gave it all I had, and rode harder until I knew he was close.“Oh yes,” he moaned, eyes rolling back. Music to my ears. He held me close and I knew it was time.However, I needed him to wait. Suddenly I stopped, knowing he was close.“Shit,” he moaned. “Now you’re playing this game.”I smiled.“Yep,” I giggled before riding him slowly and squeezing again. Then I rode him hard and fast before stopping again. It drove my husband crazy but I was determined to keep at it until he couldn’t take it anymore.“Who’s pussy is this?” I moaned.“Mine,” my husband said.“Good boy,” I said, riding him yet again before stopping when he was close.“Who’s fucking pussy is this?” I asked.“This is my pussy,” my husband said.“Well, show me this is your pussy,” I said, riding him yet again, slowly. “Cum in your pussy. This is your sweet little pussy.”Immediately, my sweet husband began to pound my pussy hard. Our moans filled the room, our bed rocking and my breasts bouncing up and down.It didn’t take long….“Ahhhhh. Ahhhh. Ahhh, shit I’m gonna cum,” my husband groaned.“Mmmm,” I said. “Cum in your pussy. This is your pussy to cum in.”Our voices filled the room as we both screamed in pleasure. “Aghhh, shit,” my husband moaned as he pounded and released deep inside me, breathing heavily as he filled my pussy hole.A few minutes later, with me still on top, our mouths met. Once I got off, I felt my husband drip out of me. I slid my index finger inside me to collect his juices and licked them off.“Mmm,” I said going to our bathroom.Surprised, my husband grabbed my hand. “Not yet,” he said. “You’re not off the hook.” He pulled me on the bed, kissed my body, and very slowly teased me. His fingers and mouth worked their magic again. Pretty soon, I was screaming and begging him.“Please,” I moaned. “Please.”“Mmm,” he said, “tell me you want to cum.”“I want to cum,” I moaned.“Tell me how badly,” he asked.“A lot,” I groaned as I felt my release rise yet again.“You thought you were going to get away with what you did to me before by riding me?” he asked.“No,” I moaned.“Oh, you want to cum?” he asked.“Yes,” I moaned.“I don’t think I should let you,” he said, as his fingers worked their magic on me.“Please,” I begged.“Mmmm,” my husband said.“Please, baby,” I begged. “Let me cum.”“Whose pussy is this?” he asked.“Yours,” I moaned, “It’s all yours, baby.”“Yep, I love this sweet pussy,” he said.“Please, baby,” I cried as I felt my release coming.“You want to cum?” he asked.“Yes,” I moaned.“Oh, I know you do,” he said. “I’m gonna make you cum.”My husband finger fucked me and licked me until I couldn’t hold on much longer.“Right there,” I moaned. “Yes!” I felt it, closer and closer. “I’m gonna cum” I screamed.Seconds later …“I’m cummin’.” I tried to whisper but couldn’t. It felt so good as my body shook in pleasure all around.“Wow,” I said, as I came back to normal.My husband patted my pussy.“Good job,” he said.We cuddled for a few minutes before going to the bathroom to clean up. Looking at our bed, anyone could tell a wrestling match just happened.Late morning, we met my father reading the paper and eating his morning fruit and granola. Mom was on the patio.“Good morning, Dad,” I said.Dad welcomed me with a warm smile.As I went out to the patio to check on mom, my dad pulled my husband aside.“Listen, I know you got my daughter  pregnant,” Dad said. “I just wanted to say Congratulations,” he said, winking. “That was some night y’all had. I’ll wait for the announcement later. This can be our little secret for now!”