(L) – This story contains strong language.Sexy Dream Cum True – Day 1 – the MorningMy last post (“Sexy Dream”) tells of a detailed erotic dream I had.  This post is about the wonderful aftermath when I shared my dream with my Melody.I told my wife, Melody, about my erotic dream.  The composite female (co-ed) character had been in a large part her. Then I sat on the bed and wrote up the sexy dream.  As I was writing, I paused to tell my wife how absolutely beautiful she was when we married, and still is now.“You look many years younger than most women your age,” I told her.  “And when we are making love, you look like you’re in your twenties!  Like the coed in my dream. At least that’s how you look to me.  I feel like I won the lottery of life getting a kind, intelligent, beautiful, and sexy wife!” I told her all this as I was writing up my dream.She smiled.  But I was just being sincere.Eventually I had to get up to get ready to take our granddaughter to her morning gymnastics class.  I had figured that there was no time for sex with my wife first.  Boy was I about to be surprised!I intended to take a quick shower.  Standing at the foot of our bed, I took off my PJ top.Before I even removed my pajama pants, my wife sat up, swung her legs over the side of the bed, pulled off her top and said, “Do you want some of these first?” And she began massaging her breasts and pinching her nipples like my dream girl did.What a rush!“Do you want to be fucked?” I asked her.“Maybe,” she said with a shy look.When aroused, my wife took on the look of my co-ed dream girl.  Melody begged me to touch and suck her boobies.I dropped my pajama pants and stepped out of them, then leaned over and did as my sexy wife requested—I sucked and tongue flicked her already-hard nipples!  I even pumped my cock as I ran my precum coated tip on her tits.Next I slid her pajama bottoms off to see my wife in one of her aroused states where her porcelain Nordic skin practically glows!  Then she leaned back and used her hands to spread her pussy lips.  All the lights were on, which made that a gorgeous view!“I want you to fuck me!” she insisted.  “I want Tommy to fuck me!”She pulled her knees up to either side of her voluptuous breasts and I slid my big cock in—no additional lube needed.  We fucked in that position with me braced up on my arms and her knees bent up to her chest.  Then she lowered her legs to a more modified missionary position. This whole time, we shared plenty of deep kissing.I backed off and slid my cock out, then dove into licking and orally loving on her pussy, especially her clit.“I like that!” she said.  She has to be in the mood for oral, and today, she wasdefinitelyin the mood.I mounted her again, but only briefly.  Quite honestly I couldn’t believe what was happening!We went to move into our go-to sex position that we call X position—with me on my side at a right angle while she is on her back.  Our legs are intertwined and this allows for really deep penetration.  It also allows her to use her vibe on her swollen clit.So Iwasgoing to move into our X-position, but first I handed Melody her iVibe. And before I moved fully into X position, I couldn’t resist attacking her right tit!  I absolutely adore my wife, and I love orally and manually loving on her beautiful breasts and nipples!  I told her to pinch Lefty as I worked over Righty while my own right hand was pumping my erection.Melody was absolutely beautiful and absolutely wired as I sucked her tit and she buzzed her clit!  She came in less than a minute.  It is always a beautiful sight watching her tremble and seeing her back arch off the bed!  When I fuck her, even without cumming during intercourse, she is prepped to cum herself when I return to licking and sucking her hard raspberry-like nipples!Before her orgasm waned, I moved into X position and began fucking her hard.  I pinched one of her nipples and she pinched one of mine.  My orgasm took a bit of time in cumming, which is nice.  When it happened it was a doozy!  It felt like my orgasm would never end.The sight of our bodies fused together in love with her titties bouncing to my thrusting had been amazing!  We rarely make love with our bedroom track lights on.  It was fun to see my sexy Nordic wife in all her erotic glory!“You are fucking amazing!” I said.  “Or amazing at fucking!” I corrected.  She snickered as she gave my shaft a final hug with her Kegel muscles.“I love you,” she said.  “Now hurry and get up ‘n get ready to take our granddaughter to her gymnastics class!”I reluctantly agreed but grabbed my cell phone to take some quick pics of Melody’s erotically satisfied beautiful body.  She gave me some sexy poses and beautiful smiles.“I gotta tell you my dreams more often,” I said.