I started to write for my wife because our respective jobs have caused us to be apart far more often. We were approaching a significant anniversary, and while away on a long business trip, I wrote the following.*****It feels like we’ve been apart for weeks, but the reality is that it’s only been a couple of days. The texting has helped, but I miss you as much as I always do when we’re apart. It is wonderful seeing your messages. But the lack of physical contact is always the clincher, revealing the enforced distance between us.It’s Tuesday night, and I’m in bed when my phone rings. I see you’re starting a WhatsApp video call, which is different from normal. So I grab it and answer the call. Immediately, I see you’ve set the camera up to reveal you reclining on the bed. I’m somewhat surprised.You look gorgeous, lying in what appears to be one of my white shirts. Your long, luscious legs are stretched out in front of you. I can see the dark, freshly applied nail polish on your toenails. As you wave to me and say hi, I see the same polish on your fingernails.I say hi back and tell you how sexy you look, to which you reply that was the idea. Groaning slightly, I tell you how much I want to be in bed with you right now. It’s just so true. You respond by telling me you feel exactly the same but that I’ll be back tomorrow. But, in the meantime, you’ve got a surprise for me.Intrigued, I ask what it is. You smile seductively at the camera and tell me I’ll have to wait a bit. So we chat about our day, what you’ve been doing and I share what I’ve been up to as well. We talk about the children and the rest of the family, updating each other on their life events. Eventually, the conversation winds down. You tell me it’s time for my surprise and that I should lie back and enjoy it.Taking a deep breath, you stare straight at the camera, and your hands go to the shirt’s top button. You lick your lips nervously as you undo the first button and then the second. Pulling the material apart, you reveal just the slightest hint of your cleavage.Almost immediately, I feel myself respond. After all, it’s been well over a week since we’ve been intimate. As you slowly undo the third button, I can see more of the curve of each of your boobs. I have to shift my position slightly so that I’m more comfortable. I anticipate the next button, but disappointingly, your hands leave the buttons. For a moment, you seductively stretch your hands above your head.You finish the stretch, staring at the camera before closing your eyes. Then your left-hand slides inside your shirt, the material moving as your run it over your right boob. Despite the covering of fabric, can tell that you are gently squeezing it between your fingers.A slight sigh escapes your lips. Your back arches slightly as you play with your breast. I can see your hips move in a slow, sensual circle. Your other hand rests lightly on your thigh, your eyes closed as you concentrate on your actions.After a few moments of this, you stop, open your eyes, and, look directly at the camera. You ask if I’m enjoying the show. I go to answer, but it comes out as a croak, at which you laugh. I assume you take it as yes. Your hands move down to the lowest button, and undo it deliberately slowly.As you undo the next button I can see a hint of the white, lacy knickers you are wearing. The slow reveal is wonderful as you unfasten the last three buttons of the shirt.With the final button open, you lie still for a moment. I can see the line of flesh running down your body. From your neck, past the curve of your boobs, over your stomach, the dip of your belly button, to rise of your abdomen. All the way down to the waistband of your knickers.Watching me intently, you finally peel back your shirt, opening it to reveal your bare breasts to the camera’s lens.The hard, dusky pink buds of your nipples stand proud, protruding from the surrounding skin of your areolas. You slowly run your hands over your breasts. I see you gently squeeze the succulent flesh, kneading them both in slightly different ways.After a few moments of this erotic sight, I hear you gasp. Then I see you pinch your erect nipples, teasing and pulling them as you moan quietly. You close your eyes, and your back arches again. This pushes your breasts out toward the camera in what I assume is pleasure.By now, I am totally turned on, my erection straining in my trousers. Placing my iPad on the bed in front of me, I stand and slip my trousers off. You hear me move, open your eyes, and tell me to take the rest of my clothes off as well—an instruction I obediently follow. I sit back down and watch as you continue your sexually arousing display, trying hard not to touch myself.Eventually, I see your left hand leave your breast and slowly make its way down your body. You caress over your thigh, slowly stroking the pale skin, then slowly part your legs. Through the lacy knickers, I see the darkness of your pubic hair before you cover the area with your hand. Your fingertips are turning white from the pressure of touching yourself through the material.I tear my eyes away from your hand for a moment and look at your beautiful face. You are there, eyes closed, biting your lip, concentrating on the pleasure you are giving yourself and me.I give a little sigh of desire, and your eyes open in response before shyly smiling at me. You pull your panties to one side, stretching the fabric, and run your fingers through your revealed pubic hair. I can’t restrain myself any longer, and I start to stroke my erection slowly.Your hips roll in small, gyrating circles as your fingers slide between your legs and your pubic mound. Then your middle finger slides between the lips of your vulva. I see a hint of moisture glisten in the light, beautifully revealing just how turned on you must be. I stroke myself harder as your finger curls deeper inside your wet pussy. You then pinch a nipple, letting out another moan.After a few moments, you stop touching yourself, lift your hips, and push your sexy panties down off your legs. At the same time, you shrug the shirt off your shoulders and lie back totally naked. Your legs are wide apart, completely exposing yourself for my eyes only.As you settle into position, your hands move between your legs, and you part your pussy lips. You slide a finger from your perineum to your clitoris, before plunging it deep inside you. The fingers of the other hand zero in on your clitoris, and you gently stroke it. Your small circular strokes tease it, and match the rhythm of your hip movement.Momentarily, your legs spread even wider, then close in response before settling. I can see every move your fingers are making. You moan to yourself and force another finger inside of your pussy.Your fingers start to move in and out, gently at first but with slowly increasing force. I try hard to match the rhythm as I masturbate. Now you’re rubbing your clitoris more furiously, and amazingly, I can see that your nipples have become even harder.Suddenly, your hips rise off the bed, and your fingers slide even deeper inside you, pistoning in and out. Then you gasp out loud and throw your head back as an orgasm rips through your body. I see your breasts heave, your painted toes curl, and your hips rise even further off the bed.Frantically, I continue to masturbate myself as you lie there, exhausted in the bed. Then just as you open your eyes and look straight at me, I reach my own moment of release. I groan deeply as several jets of my come shoot out over my hand and stomach.For a moment, you lie there, hand still gently stroking yourself. Your nipples are rock hard and erect, a slight sheen of sweat glistening all over your body. Then you lean forward, breasts swaying as you move. You pick up your phone, thank me for watching, and with a sly smile, say good night, see you tomorrow.And with that, the screen goes blank.