(L) – This story contains strong language.This story is very much true. Ruby didn’t expect the power I had to give her real satisfaction.Recently, we went on a long trip some 1200 kilometers away.As usual, Ruby preferred to be semi-naked in the car, dressed in only a flimsy dress, and without panties. I mostly wear just shorts and a T-Shirt.While I was driving, Ruby kept me entertained by fingering herself and tasting her juices. Every now and then, she would insert her fingers in her vagina and then let me lick off her juices. It was absolutely delicious as we motored along.Having driven for 4 hours, I felt a break in the journey would do us good. Just before we stopped at the motel, Ruby took my now-hardened cock, bent over, and proceeded to give me a blowjob. In almost no time, I had to stop the car for safety, as I was about to shoot off a load. Clearly she knew it, and almost as soon as I pulled off the road, I exploded.Being in this unusual seated position, my sperm flowed backward over Ruby’s hands and onto my body. Ruby pulled her sperm-covered hands off my shaft and licked them clean.After driving a few more kilometers, we stopped at the motel. We checked in, freshened up, and went to dinner.“How do you feel?” She asked once we were seated.I replied “We going to have fun tonight.”As we got into the bedroom, we were quite comfortable and discarded all our clothing. We walked around naked, and still smelled of sex, since we hadn’t showered after playing in the car. We both laughed together as we fell onto the bed and got tangled up in each other’s embrace.Before any “main events,” we spent time sucking on one another’s bodies, which is part of the fun of sex. We both agreed it’s not sex, per se, but something different.After being drenched in one another’s juices, we decided on “Full House 69”. That means we agreed to do both positions: me on top, then her on top.Ruby lay flat on the floor, and I knelt above her and inserted my cock in her mouth. I then began nibbling on her clitoris. This position was most exciting as I was inside her mouth with my penis, while at the same time mouth-fucking her swollen pussy. It was just as we anticipated. Erotic, beautiful, and what a way to go!For almost 30minutes we were nudging at one another’s sex organs. I could feel the heat in my penis building up, and Ruby was wriggling, ready for an orgasm. We must have timed it well, because we came at the same time!“Now!” I screamed and Ruby gripped my cock, tightening her legs as both of our flood gates opened. She was dripping juices, while at the same time, I was ejaculating deep into her mouth. We carried on until we were all done, then we slowly untangled.“That was fantastic,” she uttered.I responded saying, “You can do things to a man that a man can only dream of!”We had a good laugh. We got up, sat on the couch, cuddled together, still unshowered, dirty with each other’s sex aroma. We loved it.We chatted about the road ahead, then ordered room service coffee, which was placed outside the door that still had the tag we’d put there: “DO NOT DISTURB”.Two hours later, an urge started developing in us, and instead of having plain sex we tried the second half of “Full House 69” that we had skipped earlier.This time I was flat on my back on the floor, and Ruby had her pussy right on my face. Bending forward, she took my now-erect cock in her mouth. We then started the momentum, and once again we were lost for time. Ejaculation would take a long time for me, since this would be my third in just a few hours, but Ruby was soon shaking intensely.We were close to two hours since my last eruption in her mouth, so I had build up sufficient fluid again. Ruby’s mouth was working overtime to empty my cock yet again. She herself was releasing fluids into my mouth with every orgasm, but never complained about my cock, which, though it was very hard, was taking such a long time to spurt.Then, finally, a climactic moan came from me, and Ruby held on for dear life. I ejaculated so intensely that she had more than a mouthful, and sperm was dripping from her lips all over the place.Finally, we both collapsed and fell asleep. We didn’t wake up until the sun was rising, and only in the light of day did we realize the mess we made!Ruby said, “We must do this more often!”It was 69 at its best. We cleaned up, showered, and went for breakfast, still a little sleepy.