(L) – This story contains strong language.This is Part 2 of a 4-part series:The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 1(Introduction and Days 1-4)The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 2(Days 5-8)The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 3 (Days 9-11) – Coming soon!The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 4 (Day 12 and Finale) – Coming soon!On the Fifth Day of ChristmasWe repeat days one through four, though a little less intensely, so that we have enough energy to last until day five’s activities!Again, just like yesterday, Carol needed a break after orgasm four. As we recharge, we go about our day, doing household chores, shopping, and whatever else needs to be done. After lunch, I tell Carol it’s time for today’s activity. She rolls her eyes at me, but waits for me to give her instructions.“While you were out, I set up your next orgasm,” I say cryptically. I lead her to the bedroom, where I had fastened her largest dildo to the footboard of the bed. This thing is truly a monster: 2.5 inches in diameter, and 10 inches long. The dildo vibrates, which she loves. She has trouble getting much more than just the head in her tight little pussy, but she loves to slide the buzzing cock up and down her slit. I had also set up my camera, as I love to film her orgasms so I can watch them later while I jerk off.With the dildo mounted on the footboard, Carol could mount it like she was riding a horse. She turns it on and climbs on, with her ass toward the footboard, and the enormous, vibrating dildo sticking out in front of her. She slowly starts to rock her hips back and forth on the giant vibrating cock, moving her very sensitive clit back and forth over it. Her nipples harden immediately as she runs her hands over her tits and across her body. She enjoys the feeling of caressing her body as her toy works its magic on her rock-hard nub. Soon the tingling in her clit starts again. She bends forward and grabs the footboard with her hands, increasing the speed of her hips as they glide over her buzzing lover.My camera is positioned behind her, so I focus in on her pussy as it slides back and forth. Each time she slides back, her pussy opens up like it’s asking for more, and then as she drives her hips forward, her pussy would close again as it grasped the giant cock it was riding on.It’s so hard not to pull my cock out and masturbate with her, but I am so mesmerized by her that I don’t want to take my eyes off her dripping pussy and tight, smooth ass.It doesn’t take long before Carol’s orgasm starts to take hold. The muscles in her arms and back tighten as she bears down on that cock. Her breath is ragged, and her moans turn into grunts as her face flushes, and she lets out a long, loud moan as her orgasm hits: “Ah-ah-aaaaah, aaaaaaaaah!”Carol continues to ride the buzzing cock, but slows down as her orgasm subsides. Finally, she drops over onto the bed limply, arms spread out, legs open. She knows how much I enjoy watching her and she looks so erotically sexy after she cums. “There is no way I am going to make it through all twelve days,” she moans.“I guess we’ll find out,” I tell her as I pack up the camera and look forward to a review of her sexy times.On the Sixth Day of ChristmasOnce again, making sure we save enough energy for day six’s new activities, we repeat days one through five, and then…After riding the dildo strapped to the foot board, Carol lays on the bed, recovering. I let her breathing return to normal, and then I hand her one of her favorite toys—she has alotof sex toys! This one is a Womanizer, a small toy with a suction cup end which fits over the head of the clitoris and provides a sucking action. If your wife or girlfriend does not have one of these, get her one. You will love how hot she’ll look using it. It sends Carol into orgasmic spasms really quickly, so I told her that she has to keep it on the lowest setting. Carol rolled her eyes at me, but started the toy anyway. She is an incredible sexual partner and an epic cummer.Carol puts the suction toy on her clit and jumps a little as it took hold.“This isn’t going to take long,” she says.Almost immediately, her hips start to move back and forth, and from side to side as her clit begins to tingle. Carol lets out a long, low moan and moves her finger over the setting to increase the sucking of the toy. I stop her and remind her with a smirk, “Low speed only.”Carol gives me a nasty look and playfully flips me the bird, but keeps the toy on the lowest setting. Even so, the toy’s effect is clear, as her nipples have returned to their rock-hard status and her skin is flushed. Her hips are now rocking up and down as she holds the toy with both hands. This squeezes her big, firm tits together. Carol looks the most erotic when she is struggling to reach orgasm. The low speed keeps her orgasm just a little too far away, and her struggle is beautiful. Her legs splay wide and then squeeze together again as she tries to push her pleasure into orgasm.Soon enough, her muscles start to tense up and she lets out a series of grunts as she dances on the edge of orgasm. “Ugh, ugh, mmh, yeah, that’s it, ugh, UGH, fuck yeah!” She squeezes her legs together and rocks her hips rhythmically, but the frustration on her face shows that she just can’t quite get there.“Come on, come on give it to me, give it to me, a little more, ugh, ugh… ohhh yeah, that’s it, here it is! Fuuuuuuucccccckkkkk!”Carol’s orgasm hits like a freight train. She holds the sucking toy to her streaming cunt for a few more seconds, then bucks like she has been hit with an electric shock. Her eyes and mouth open wide as the peak of her orgasm hits her, then she pulls the toy away and tosses it across the bed. She flops onto her back and curls into a fetal position as small waves of orgasmic aftershocks continue to hit her.In this position, I can see her tight ass, and her leaking cunt peeking out between her legs. I’d love to crawl on the bed and fuck her juicy pussy, but I know she’ll push me away, because she needs time to recover. So instead, I put a blanket over her and leave her in peace and quiet. I leave the room with a raging hard on.Time to take care of some business of my own.On the Seventh Day of ChristmasWe repeat days one through six, and then…When Carol uses her womanizer this time, she puts it on full suck mode and comes in less than a minute. It’s still intense, but it doesn’t take as much out of her as the first time, when she took much longer to climax.As she lays splayed out on the bed, I hand her my pillow and say, “You know, I would sleep so much better if you would scent my pillow for me.”Carol just laughs and grabs my pillow. She puts it between her legs and squeezes it into her crotch, then starts to slowly move her hips back and forth, humping my pillow. I crawl up onto the bed and kiss her slowly and deeply.  This is one of her sexiest masturbation techniques, and it drives me crazy. I reach for her firm tits and caress the fullness of them, rubbing my thumb over her hard nipples. Carol moans quietly and her hips pick up speed. She loves to have her nipples sucked—it’s like there is a direct line between her nipples and her clit! So I lick and suck on her nipples, flicking their hardness with my tongue. This gets her juices flowing again, and her moans grow in volume and intensity.Carol’s muscular legs strain as she squeezes the pillow and her hips hump against the silky smoothness. She buries her face in the other pillows on the bed, and one hand grabs the covers as her orgasm ramps up. She pulls the pillow into her as she fucks it, and her tight ass clenches and relaxes with each thrust of her hips.Carol lets out an “Ugh” of enjoyment every time she drives her hips forward and drags her tingling clit across the now-soaked pillow. She picks up speed and her breath becomes ragged as her orgasm builds and her “Ughs” turn into unintelligible grunts as she grinds away.I continue to suck on her hard nipples until she pushes me away, just as her full body tenses. The muscles of her arms and thighs visibly tense as she goes into high gear and fully fucks the pillow squeezed between her legs.“Fuck yeah, fuck yeah, fuck fuck fuck fuck,” she moans as her orgasm starts to peak. She drives her hips forward once, twice, and then a third time as her orgasm crashes over her. Gradually, she slows the movement of her hips until she stops and her legs open, releasing my now-soaked pillow with a satisfied “Ohhhhh yeeeaahh.”I give her a kiss on the cheek and let her rest. It’s been a big day.On the Eighth Day of ChristmasWe repeat days one through seven, and then…Carol needs a well-deserved break after the pillow fuck, so we relax and do some chores around the house again. We have a coffee break and afternoon snack. But Carol knows there is more to do today, and wants to know what her task will be for the eighth day. She loves her cum challenges, and her nipples are poking through her top as she thinks about what it might be.I tell Carol that it’s time to break out some more of her toys. She has an assortment of dildos, vibrators, nipple and clit suckers.For today’s activity, I choose her eight-inch-long dildo, which has a thrusting action that extends the head of the dildo in and out an inch and a half. This can be turned on with a remote control. It also has a suction cup on the bottom. Carol loves to stick it on the bedpost and fuck it, but today I stick it on the corner of our coffee table and lube it up for her.Carol straddles the corner of the table, lowers her dripping wet pussy onto the head of the dildo, and slowly started moving up and down, lowering herself farther down the thick dildo each time. As she hits her limit, Carol starts to move slowly up and down the length of the slick dildo, her strong thigh muscles straining as she moves. Her beautiful, big tits sway erotically as she fucks herself. Her chest starts to flush as her arousal increases. As her eyes close, signaling her growing arousal, I turn on the fucking motion of the dildo.“Oh fuck,” she cries as the extra length of cock drives into her. “Fuck yeah, fuck yeah!” Carol’s eyes popped open wide and she started to grunt with each thrust of the cock, which was slick with shiny cunt juice. “Yeah, yeah that’s it, fuck yeah!” she yell. But just as I think her orgasm is about to hit, I turn off the thrusting action of the dildo.“You prick!” she grumbles. She gives me a dirty look, which changes to a pleasing one as she continues to bounce up and down on the thick cock. “Give it to me, damn you, I’m almost there.”As much as I like prolonging her orgasms so I can watch her, I also know when I am in dangerous territory, so I turn the thrusting cock back on. I watch as Carol closes her eyes and rides the journey to another orgasm. But just as she settles into a fucking motion, I hit the remote again and jump to the next speed. The cock head of the dildo doubles in speed and rams itself into Carol’s leaking pussy. Her eyes shoot open again and she lets out a loud moan: “Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuck yeah, oh oh oh oh fuuuuuuuuuuck!”And then her orgasm hits her hard. It’s like she loses her coordination momentarily as she bounces all over the cock, which is still hammering her cunt. Suddenly, Carol lets out a long moan and jumps off the cock, flopping onto a nearby chair to support her trembling body. Her hips are still humping an invisible cock as waves of orgasm continue to roll over her, and juices flow out of her spasming pussy and down her legs. Carol’s breathing slowly returns to normal, and the flow of cunt juice slows to a trickle.“Fuck, that was good,” she says as she lays splayed out in the oversized chair.I just love watching my sexy, horny, beautiful wife cum. She is amazing.From MH: Stay tuned throughout December for Parts 3 and 4 of this series!