We used to live for about a year and a half in an apartment in a warm location, and it had no central air. We used a window unit, and it often wasn’t enough in summer. We would often joke about it being “too hot for sex” some days. Here is a true story about one such a day.**********The living room was quiet except for the ticking of the clock and the hum of the window-unit air conditioner.Vanessa was sitting on the blue sofa, reading a book. She was wearing gray shorts and a blue t-shirt from her days working at a Christian camp, and as she often was at home, I could tell she was braless.I sat down beside her, the sofa creaking softly. “It’s too hot in here,” I remarked with a sigh as I peeled off my sweaty tank top.She nodded her head, still focused on her book. I sat there for a while before slowly starting to fondle my nipples, my body arching slightly with pleasure. She looked over and smiled, then turned back to her book. I continued by slowly pulling my shorts off. They fell to the floor. I cupped my hand and ran it along the outline of my erect penis, which felt slightly uncomfortable under the stretched fabric of my briefs. I strained and wriggled out of them, still seated on the sofa.I felt the hot, sweaty wetness of my body against the fabric. My erect penis pointed skyward as I let my hands find it. I continued to touch and massage my member, sweat beading on my forehead. I looked over at Vanessa. Her shirt had come off, and she had put her book down. She was watching my every move with a smile.“It’s too hot for sex, but this is pretty fun,” she remarked.Feeling her eyes on me in this vulnerable state, and seeing her firm, coral-colored nipples sent a shudder through me. I came with a shudder, my ejaculation flying over my head and hitting the wall behind us with a soft “thwack,” the rest of it landing on my face, and in my chest hair.I sat there for a few seconds, breathing heavily. “I… I guess I better go clean this up,”I offered sheepishly, as I often feel a bit embarrassed after a sexual display like that, as if the intensity of my sexual release leads to a bit of self-consciousness. I walked over to the bathroom, still naked, where I showered briefly. The water was cool and refreshing.When I got back, Vanessa’s shorts and underwear had joined her t-shirt on the floor. Her hand was resting on her inner thigh, and her pussy was dripping with fluid. Her body was still twitching mildly, her head lolled back against the sofa in the tired ecstasy of post-orgasm contentment.“Hey!” I shouted. “No fair, I wanted to watch!”“I just couldn’t contain it hunny,” she said with a smile. “That really turned me on.”I grabbed two ice cream bars from the freezer. We ate them on the sofa, occasionally holding hands, still stark naked, but trying not to make each other any hotter than we already were.