“Ah, shit!”“Oh, yes!”“Fuck!”“Right there!”My husband and I heard this while in bed late one evening at our adults-only resort. It was around 3 a.m., and sounds coming from the room next to us woke us up. At first, we didn’t know what they were or where they were coming from. We quickly realized it was the couple next to us making love. My husband got up and leaned against the wall to listen in.“They’re doing it!” he whispered to me.I got up to listen, too.“Yes, Jack, right there!” a woman moaned.I continued listening.“Your pussy is amazing!” a man said.I heard the bed shift, too. My heart started to race. I couldn’t stop listening. My husband motioned me to come to bed, but I just couldn’t at that point.“Oh Jack,” the woman’s voice moaned. “Right there, Jack!”“Come to bed.” my husband whispered.“Not yet!” I said. “I want to hear them.”Their voices were clear enough …“Jack, you’re gonna make me cum!” the woman’s voice said.“Good!” The man’s voice said. “I’m gonna cum, too.”Just then I heard two voices climax to the clouds together.“Oh, Jack!” the woman moaned. “I’m cumming!”“Bella. Ah, Ah, Bella, you made me cum inside you!” the male voice said.This made me extremely wet, and I felt my insides pulsing.  The couple went silent for a few minutes before talking. I went over to my bed, but couldn’t stop thinking about what I heard, and it made my pussy swell as I lay still. My husband was fast asleep. I tried to sleep but couldn’t, so I did the next best thing by quietly rubbing myself next to him. I looked at his sleeping face as I also climaxed to the clouds. Finally, relieved, I fell asleep.The next day, the same thing happened with our resort neighbors: late-at-night fucking. My husband wasn’t as interested as I was, and he went to sleep. My pussy swelled yet again. I rubbed myself under the sheets while thinking about my husband fucking me. My release came, and I let out a little moan just as our resort neighbors moaned of their pleasure.The day after, my husband and I went to the pool. My swimsuit was a sexy, cut-out number. While getting a drink at the bar, we talked to another couple and learned they were celebrating their 35th wedding anniversary. They had 13 children, 25 grandkids, and were a pastor and first lady. They even told us if we’re ever in town in their area, we should stop by their church.The huge revelation was learning our new friends were also our late-night moaning resort neighbors, Jack and Bella. My husband and I were so surprised, and yet deep down inside, I smiled at this beautiful couple. When we all left the bar, my husband said he wanted us to be like them after 35 years: Married, in love, and having amazing sex on our vacations.That night was different. Back in our resort room, I decided to keep my husband awake. I wanted to know if our new friends, Jack and Bella, would make love again. When they did, we listened in before we made love ourselves. There’s something so hot about two loving, married, Christian couples making love right next to each other. We heard Jack and Bella enjoy the passion God created, and my husband and I reveled in our passion as well.My husband planted kisses all over my body, and my pussy had already soaked through my panties. I felt his dick, hard and hot against my leg, as he made love to my body. He kissed my thighs, and my pussy continued to swell in pleasure.“Mmmm,” he said, “let me remove these wet panties.”I felt his hot breath on my thighs, his lips planting sweet kisses on my vulva. We heard our neighbors’ pleasure, which only helped ours. My husband’s sweet mouth started to slowly eat his way through me. I tried my best to keep my voice down, but it’s only right to return the favor, right?I eventually felt myself let go. My hips buckled, and sweet, insistent, moans escaped my lips as I felt my delightful release. I tried to keep my voice down but was not too successful. Maybe I secretly hoped our neighbors would hear our pleasure. My climax hit me hard, and I panted like a dog. I couldn’t control myself at that point.Then….My husband took off his clothes, and his erection stood out in full force, pointing at me. He kissed my lips before licking my breasts, all the while rubbing my clit. I felt another wave wash over me, and this time a louder moan escaped. We heard our neighbors near their orgasms, which helped me near mine. I moaned louder still as my release came.In the other room….“Yes, Jack right there! You’re gonna make me cum on you!”Bella was as close to her orgasm as Jack was to his, and it was so hot having a front-row seat.My husband kissed me again before placing his hard cock on my clit. He ever so slightly put the tip in before taking it out again.“Please,” I begged. “Please. I need you all the way in me.”My husband made love to my body before putting his hardness inside me—first shallow, then deep, thrusting, then grinding. We wrapped around each other when we heard Bella and Jack. It only made us more excited. My husband made love to my pussy with his cock, our bodies in sync and fulfilled. Our moans filled the room as we heard the same sounds from our lovely resort neighbors.“Jack, you’re making me cum!” Bella moaned.“I’m gonna cum too!”  Jack moaned.Just then my husband and I heard the sweetest sounds of a Christian married couple.“Oooooooo, shit, you bitch!” Bella moaned. “Jack, you made me cum!”“Ahhhh, Fuck!” Jack moaned. “I love youuuu, Bella.”Then silence from our neighbors as their releases glided away.My pussy grew even wetter from hearing our neighbors, and my husband thrust harder and deeper as the sound of their pleasure faded.“Cum in me,” I whispered. “Cum!” I flexed my kegel muscles, knowing it would drive my husband crazy.“If you keep doing that,” he whispered, “you will make me cum too fast.”“I want it!” I smiled, as I continued to squeeze.It didn’t take long for my husband to release himself after that. I knew it was coming as he pushed deeper inside me and started to grunt.“Yes!” I moaned low. “Cum!”A few seconds later …“Ahhhhh, shit!” my husband moaned loudly, without a care in the world.“Yes, baby.” I moaned. “Cum in ‘your’ pussy.”My husband came deep inside me, and I loved every pulse and drop of it.“Ahhh, babe!” my husband said, as he kissed me after his release.As his cock softened in me, I grinned and said, “I love it when you cum in me!”Our juices dripped from me as my husband pulled out, so he quickly got some towels to stop the flow, but I didn’t care. The fact that two loving Christian married couples made love next to each other and both had releases made our adults-only trip worth it.What a Holy Vacation.