We aren’t classical nudists.  We don’t hang around the house naked, we don’t belong to any nudist groups and our friends would never guess that we like to get away on occasion for a few naked days.  We’re quiet about it, our kids don’t know—it’s our secret.I’ve tried to look at this from a couple different angles to try and get my head around why I enjoy being nude around people and why I seek out places to be nude.  I’m not an exhibitionist so it’s not a matter of being seen, though being nude in the company of others is pleasurable and it certainly can be pleasurable to see other naked people.  I’ve looked at my past to see if there was something in my youth that triggered this urge.  My parents were open about nudity, but not overtly so.  Where this urge started, I’ll probably never know.Over the years I’ve taken note of the sensations and pleasures I’ve gotten from baring it all.   For me being nude feels like returning to a natural state, unencumbered by the rest of the world.  It does feel as though I was meant to be this way, that the regular world is the outlier.  For my wife it is an expression and acceptance of bodies unburdened by society’s standards and norms, and she believes it builds her confidence in a way that carries over into our daily world.  To her, there is a healthy rebellion in this.  Being equal in our vulnerability can encourage more genuine connections with others.  I believe it builds an openness and trust.Once upon a time we saw nudity as unremarkable and natural.  If it weren’t for that pesky serpent, maybe we’d have never experienced our bodies clothed?  There may be something deep in our DNA that triggers pleasure when we get closer to our natural state.My wife and I go nude because there is real freedom in being nude.  It feels good to have the sun and the breeze hit those places that are too often covered up.  It’s relaxing to be in the company of other like-minded people.  There is pleasure in seeing other nude people enjoying that freedom.  We’ve often found them to be open, honest and friendly.  Some have become friends.  It might not occur to those thinking about trying it, but it is about the most relaxing, restful experience you can have.From a more practical standpoint, we have specific tastes about the types of places we go.  We won’t go to resorts or spas that allow children.  I understand the perspective of parents that allow for this.  For us, it has to do with wanting a more peaceful, relaxed experience.  We also will not go to places that encourage “the lifestyle.”  To each his own I suppose, but we are fiercely loyal to one another and have no interest in that, it’s not why we’re there.  That’s sexual, being nude isn’t, though there is the stray thought.If you have a desire to go natural in these settings, here’s some advice.  Try a clothing optional place first.  If you find you can’t do it, no worries, no pressure.  You can wear something more revealing than you normally would as a step toward being nude.  You can also try taking it slow, get naked for one minute, then see if you last five minutes and so on.  You’ll soon find the pleasure of the experience wipes away the fear and apprehension.  You’ll wonder why you didn’t do it years ago.  My wife was apprehensive at first, but a few short months later, we were doing nude karaoke.  (Honestly, I was far more apprehensive about singing in front of other people).Most importantly, remember that people in these settings aren’t judging you.  We’ve seen people of all ages, backgrounds, cultures and sizes.  You’ll fit right in.  And use sunscreen—it’s no fun burning those places that rarely see the sun.To close on a funny anecdote, we recently ran into a couple who called us out by name and for a minute I didn’t recognize them—I’d simply never seen them with their clothes on!