When I walked into our bedroom and hung up my hat last night, I somehow pulled a muscle in my middle back. So, this morning—after my wife showered, but before I had—I asked her to give me one of her deep tissue heel massages.She had on a purple fuzzy robe but nothing else, and her full breasts endeavored to burst out. It was a lovemaking day, so she had not gotten dressed.This kind of massage does not involve massage oil or our massage table. Instead, the person receiving the massage lies face down on the bed. The massager lies supine and rubs their partner’s back with their feet/heels. The massage works best with light clothing, so I was in my PJ pants and T-shirt.Melodie lay on the bed, looking up at me and waiting for me to lie down for my massage. She looked so good, and the major cleavage I could see jumpstarted my motor. But I needed my back to stop hurting, and I had to shower before I got full access to her curvy and sexy body (or so I thought.) So anyway, I lay down at her feet.My wife worked her magic, and soon the knotted muscles in my back had eased up. I sat up, only to get a perfect view of her pussy. It was a beautiful sight!I wanted to take a long lick of that gorgeous pussy, but I had a sore on the end of my tongue, and my Microbiology professor in college recommended, “No oral sex if either of you has a sore in your mouth.” That’s a rule we always keep.As a side note, I should mention that my wife gave me excellent fellatio only two days ago. I was lying on my back as she engulfed my hard cock in her cute mouth. We alternated; she pumped my rod while she blew me, and when she paused, I would pump myself for 20 seconds. Then she would go back to pumping me with two fingers and her thumb so she could take nearly my entire length.Finally, I erupted or exploded in her sexy mouth. (Usually, my wife gives me an orgasm on our sexual “off days.” But it had been two days since my last Big O, and my magazine was fully loaded!)  She had to pull off my dick at my second-to-last spurt of cum, or she would have gagged.Back to today:  I had not had an orgasm since I had filled my wife’s mouth with my cum two days before, so I was fully loaded again. Usually, we have a full lovemaking session every three days. But Melodie’s back had been hurting her so badly that she had not gone for an orgasm in a week (even though we HAD had sex.)  That seven days without cumming is quite unusual for her. But she got her back injection yesterday, and her pain level this morning was WAY down.I couldn’t lick her pussy, so I climbed on top of her, opened up the top of her robe, and began feasting on her ripe raspberries. My already hard dick was pushed up against her pussy.“Stop, Tom,” she protested. “Go shave and shower; you’re scratchy!”Melodie has delicate (and delicious) skin, so she likes me cleanshaven for sex.But I said, “We’ll just have a little fun before my shower, and that’ll make our orgasms stronger when we DO have sex.” (Part of me meant it, but part of me wanted to ravish her right then and there. Guess which part of me won!)I rolled off her and began to tickle her clit and stroke her pussy. She was getting wet and ready. I also zeroed in on her right raspberry with my tongue and lips! I saw her getting “the look” as I sucked, licked, and tongued her beautiful breasts and titties. I could feel her boobs swelling with arousal, and I was very confident she would cum during THIS lovemaking session.Eventually, I tore off my pajamas and lay on my back. Melodie rolled over, her beautiful breasts still on display, framed by the fuzzy opened robe. Then she began to work my man nips over with her talented tongue. I pumped my rod, enjoying this immensely. This is how she usually gives me my climax on sex-off days. But this was a sex-ON day, so I wanted to make my deposit in her Love Bank!That’s why I grabbed one of her bullet vibes, handed it to her, and kneeled beside her. I slathered her pussy and her right nip with coconut oil and proceeded to do what we call “tip on nip”—I masturbated myself as I rubbed my tip on her closest nip while she buzzed her clitoris with the vibrator.Melodie WAS wired! In about 30 seconds, she began tensing, her body shaking in an obviously incredible orgasm! As I saw her cumming, I realized I was SO turned on that I could cum with her and shoot my creamy load on her sexy raspberry and boobs.  (We have done that before.)But my wife told me a few days ago that when she cums as I’m sucking her nipples, and then I slide my cock into her pulsating pussy, it recharges and reignites her orgasm. So I held off cumming ON her to cum IN her!We went into our X position with us at right angles, her on her back and me on my side with my dick lined up with her pussy. This position facilitates her using one of her many vibes on her clitoris.And it happened again this time. As I began sexual intercourse with her, it triggered more orgasmic waves—or possibly a second orgasm—in her voluptuous body. I was incredibly hard, and I rammed it home. Her internal pussy, which was already pulsating, began to convulse, even more, the spasms intensifying as she returned to her peak. She sighed deeply and gasped out, “I’m still cumming!”“So,” I said, “Are you enjoying my little friend in your pussy?”“It’s not little!” she cried out as she bore down on my cock with her Kegal muscles and gave my erection a pussy-hug. It felt a-MAZ-ing!“You like having my dick in your pussy?” I asked rhetorically as I kept pumping away deep, then shallow.“YES!” she gasped again in her husky sex voice. “I love having your big dick in my pussy!”Her sexy talk was the final straw, and with gasps and grunts of ecstasy, my dick also pulsated in several erotic spasms while filling her pussy with my love cream!I lay there inside her, softening up. We talked, and I told her that “one and done” was enough for me, this sex session.“Me, too,” she agreed.But we lay there for a few minutes, talking and expressing our love and even just quietly basking in what we had accomplished so fast… and I had not slipped out. So I started pumping her pussy again.“I thought you said you were done, liar!” said Melodie. Yet she said this as she turned her vibrator back on and pushed it onto her clitoris.“I changed my mind,” I replied truthfully and kept pumping as my erection started to re-inflate remarkably quickly. I also reached up with one hand to tweak her nipples. She obviously was enjoying this, and she reached down to tweak my nipple as well.Getting to my first orgasm took only 15 seconds of intercourse. This second one took several very delightful minutes!“Mmmm! I love being in your pussy!” I said as my thrusting sped up. I could feel the bullet vibe’s vibrations passing through her vaginal walls and enveloping my hard penis. Finally, I sighed and grunted as I again emptied my semen into my Melodie’s caressing vagina! And she was already pulsating around my erection before I came!Next, I slid my erection out and moved up beside her to orally attack her left nipple this time. She was so turned on that her face looked five decades younger than her actual age. Her second full orgasm hit her in less than a minute with more shaking and big sighs!We lay there and marveled at the spontaneous sex we had just enjoyed. Sure, we were going to make love anyway, but this happened spontaneously, which was different. And different is good!“You are NOT little,” my sexy and satisfied wife reiterated.“And your tits are not exactly small,” I replied. “I love how big they are, and just for me.”Thankfully, neither of Melodie’s orgasms caused pain in her back. We both marveled at what a high-quality lovemaking session we had had without me showering first. We also were surprised it had all been rather spontaneous and so lovely, even though we took only about half an hour to do everything—including the back massage!This was another wonderful married lovemaking experience that we owe to God for helping us find each other over 30 years ago. And we owe it to His mercy in preserving our lives!About the picture: the robe Melodie wore this morning was purple and fuzzy, but she does have a silky one like the one in the picture!