I don’t know about you other girls, but I enjoy steamy romance books and movies. So, in planning for our date night, my husband and I came up with the idea to write our own sexy, romantic scripts. We agreed on a scenario, where our sexual escapade would take place, and then each wrote our own version. My husband shared his fantasy, and I shared mine.Costuming also played a part: I had him wear his new, casual blazer with a button-up shirt, khaki pants, brown shoes, black fitted boxer shorts, and sunglasses. He should wear Obsession cologne, one of my favorites for lovemaking. And I wanted him freshly sculpted, ready for a wild night. He asked me to wear a sleek mid-length skirt that flattered my figure but wasn’t overly revealing. I would have on thigh-high black stockings, lace underwear, and a button-up sweater with no bra. Passion perfume, 4″ high heels, and a gold necklace finished my ensemble.The scene was a little downtown club where the lights were low and smooth jazz music set the mood. As two “strangers,” we would meet that night and hit it off. The music made us lean in to hear each other talk, allowing us to catch each other’s fragrance and enabling more intimate conversation.Soon, he touched my arm as we talked, and I responded by touching his knee. He asked me to slow dance, and as he held me, I felt his erection against my tummy. I led him by the hand to a dark corner booth, making sure he got a good view of my swaying hips as I walked. Then, as we sat behind the table, I smiled and said, “You know, I’ve been wanting to kiss you all night.”He said, ” Well, with your gorgeous lips, I’ll bet you’re a great kisser… but there’s only one way to find out.” And gently caressing my face, he gave me the most sensuous kiss; I could feel it all the way down to my tummy.Taking his hand and guiding it up my skirt, I opened my legs so he could touch my inner thighs. I wanted more, and he moved up to my lace panties and massaged my pussy. Oh, yes! Just as I had pictured it.His cock was begging to be devoured, and he said, “Let’s get out of here. My hotel is just across the street.”I said, “Well, I don’t know… I mean, we just met… but okay, let’s go.”There we were in the elevator, kissing like teenagers, our hands all over each other, his finger circling my nipples under my sweater. As soon as we got into the hotel room, the second part of our script took over.He pushed me against the wall, pinned my hands together with one hand, and unbuttoned my top with the other. My breasts were fully exposed, and he devoured them. Oh, God, it felt so good! Jolts of pleasure moved through my body. Then he slipped his hand up my skirt, again massaging my pussy through my panties.Going down on his knees, he lifted my skirt and kissed his way up my thighs. And just as I had scripted, he slid my panties down and helped me step out of them. He lifted my leg and started licking my pussy. Within two minutes, I had an orgasm that made me tremble with ecstasy.Pulling him to his feet, I gathered myself and passionately kissed him, savoring my own natural fragrances on his mouth. I love it! Then I slipped out of my sweater, slid out of my skirt, and stood in front of him in only my stockings and heels.He frantically undressed, and as his boxers dropped, his beautiful hard dick stood straight out and touched my tummy.As we French kissed, I stroked his rock-hard cock. As I had imagined, I pushed him against the wall, got on my knees, and kissed the head of his dick, licked its shaft, then took him into my mouth.His moans of pleasure made me determined to give him the sucking he’s dreamed of. Soon, his cock swelled up, he shot his cream into my mouth, and I eagerly swallow every drop.Grabbing me up in his arms, he laid me on the couch in front of the huge windows overlooking the city. He took off my heels, then peeled down my stockings, leaving me totally naked. Kissing each foot, then each knee, he worked up my thighs to my hot pussy again. My legs spread open, and he licked me and ate me out so freakin’ good I was ready to cum again in minutes.But then, he mounted me in the 69 position, and we licked and sucked each other wildly! Soon my body convulsed uncontrollably as he gave me another major orgasm. I’m so glad he loves to eat me out because I’d been craving his tongue inside me!I was almost weak from cumming so hard, but he lifted me by my hands, bent me over the couch, and from behind, slid into my hot, wet pussy. It felt so freakin’ good! His thrusts quickened and his body crashed against my butt. Our moans were loud and sensual. We were right on script, having rehearsed it in our minds in anticipation of this very experience.Then he pulled out, knelt down, and buried his face into my pussy from behind! He took in my juices, my flavors and scents, as he tongued me from this vulnerable position!Then, the finale: he picked me up, put me on my back on the couch, spread my legs, and in the missionary position, slid his cock inside my juicy pussy. As we kissed madly, I wrapped my legs around his butt, pulling him in as deeply as possible.My final scripted fantasy was to feel his hot cream shoot all the way up inside me.Yes! Yes, there it is!His pulsing cock swelled as he shot his love cream into me, filling me with his hot, welcome cum. And we both collapsed, exhausted but satisfied.After showers, we cuddled and laughed at how we acted out another fantasy together. Hmm, I wonder what our next one will look like?