It started with Annie sending me a text.HER: “You’ve been on my mind all day.  Hope you ended up feeling better.”ME: “I’m OK, just tired.”HER” Too tired for sex tonight?”ME: “I hope not.”HER “Good because I have been thinking about having your cock in my mouth all day”.ME:” Geez! I’m sure I can handle that!”HER: “Good, but I am going to need to cum too.  Too worked up not to.  You decide how that’s going to happen.”ME: “Ok.”HER: “And my sister is coming in from out of town, for the weekend. She will be here Thursday. I invited her for dinner.”Anyway, before leaving a hard day at the office. I text Annie.ME: “On my way!”No response back. Hmmm.Thirty minutes later, I rolled up in the driveway. The doors are closed but I can hear the air conditioner in the back of the house. In the back of my mind, I’m thinking, what is going on here? Annie is not here. I then checked the security cameras (unknown to Annie) throughout the house. She has done some really weird stuff before, but this takes the cake. There she was on the third floor, naked, in the Eka Pada Sirsasana (a foot behind the head yoga pose).Alternating between long hard sucking and soft gently licking. She took her fingers away and kept on licking and digging her tongue right into her vagina, deeply. I quickly ran upstairs to the third floor with a curious throbbing softy. I Looked around the corner of the door and said,“Annie, what are you doing? I have never seen you do that before.”Her fingers were back in her pussy. She looked so sexy, lying there completely naked, playing with herself. She looked so horny and aroused. I was mesmerized, with both hands on my cock. One stroking my shaft, while the other swirled the pre-cum around the big red swollen head.With each nervous breath she took, her breasts rose and fell, and her toned belly trembled in anticipation, while her areolas were at peak.  Her nicely shaven pussy, wet and glistening, with its pink lips opening like a flower and seeping nectar, invited me.  Her eyes fluttered as she bit her full pink lower lip to stop its quivering.Opening her legs, she beckoned me into them. I then placed the head of my cock at her entrance and slowly glided into her. After a few strokes, it was drenched, wet, and dripping down the back of her bottom, leaking onto the back of my balls. I then placed my thumb on her swollen button and began rubbing slowly and out comes a stream of hot water, baptizing our bodies.Annie moaned and shook as I slowly filled her, stopping only when I was completely inside her. I moaned out as her body pulsed and vibrated, milking my cock. Not wanting to miss an opportunity, I stuck my face in between her legs and started licking and sucking her sweet pussy into oblivion. She then turned and engulfed my throbbing cock into the back of her throat.Stroking my shaft, she said “Let some of it go.”I moaned and released a teaspoon of my seed and watched as it leaked from the side of her mouth.“Mmm, sweet.”, she said“Yes, your highness.”, I replied.Thereafter, she got on all fours and stuck that pussy in the air for me to fuck it royally. I took my position and rammed my hard cock inside of her. She was wet from her piss and arousal, so I had no problem gaining entry. Pulling out occasionally. Gliding my shaft between her arse cheeks, stopping by her rear entry, with the tip of my hot pulsating cock to tease, then entering for back door delight. It’s amazing in this position, entry to both is accessible.She moaned “Fuck me harder, harder! Faster, faster”And again, hot water running. A clear stream. Soaking us. I let go. Looking down, watching her pulsate.What a wonderful sensation to be one with my wife. We collapsed.Annie leans over and asks, “How was my pussy tonight?”“Wonderful!”,  I said with a smile.