This post contains strong language (L).I’m looking back at our life as husband and wife.  Ever since our wedding night, when I experienced making love and my first orgasm, I have been addicted.  I have given myself to you—mind, body, and soul.  You wanted me all the time, as badly as I wanted you, but I know my drive was at times based on addiction and obsession.  I was never one to hide my desire and the urges that would consume me whenever I was around you.You were a very handsome man, and I know many girls could not understand why you chose me.  I would get drunk on your scent, and if you splashed on a little cologne, it only added more fuel to the fire.  Whenever you touched me, my body tingled, my stomach filled with butterflies, and my pussy grew hot and wet.So many times, I would take you.  Many more, I would beg you to take me, to have your pleasure in me any way you desired.  You were a man of such power and control, and you loved, worshiped, protected, and provided me with a full life.  I never went without, even if I had to wait on days that you had to go to school or work or when you traveled.I willingly submitted myself to you and tried my best never to be too selfish.  So many times, I would try to tamp down my fire and desire before going out on date nights.  Often, I would masturbate several times during the day.  I never hid those times from you; I told you every juicy detail either right after or while I was getting myself off.Sometimes, I would do it in the bathroom before my shower, with you outside the door and well aware of what I was doing.  On occasion, you would walk in just as I was about to cum all over my fingers.  It got to where I hoped and prayed you would come in and take me every time.  But you kept it random, so it made each time so shocking and amazing. I would jump every time you barged in with your nice, big cock leading the way.Other times, you would stay dressed.  I have to say, I think I enjoyed the times you were dressed more.  It was rougher, more raw.  You would push me down over the sink or up against the wall face first and spread my legs open with your knee.  I’d gasp and shake every time I heard you undo your pants. And no matter how wet I was, I would cry out every time you shoved your cock fully into me.  I loved being taken.“You’re so fucking tight,” you would say as you pounded me hard and fast.  I loved how your cock stretched me open and filled me completely; no matter how many times we made love, that never changed.  I loved how I would cum so fast all over your cock as you would continue to fuck me through my orgasm. Your big strong hands held my waist as you fucked me.  I would beg you to fuck me, over and over, as I rubbed my clit. Remember that time you were pounding me so hard that the picture fell off the wall?I loved how you would groan and shake as your cock pulsed and shot your hot cum deep inside me, sending me over the edge for what was, most times, my third orgasm.  Often, you would pull out, and our cum would run from me like a waterfall down my legs.  A word never had to be spoken then; I would turn, go to my knees, and take your cock into my mouth. Whether you were still hard or going soft, I would clean your cock. I loved how my nectar tasted mixed with cum on your cock. If you were still hard, you would gladly let me suck on your cock till you shot down my throat or all over my face and tits.Afterward, you would always help me stand and kiss me, whether my mouth and face were covered with your cum or not.  You always told me how blessed you were and thanked God as you got me in the shower and washed me.  You always made me feel loved and desired every second of our life together.  I only hope I made you feel even more loved.