NOTE: I looked through my last few weeks of my sex journal and found a couple of older stories. I had written these entries in detail to submit to MH, so here is one of them. The bulk of this story is about pleasing my wife:Made love today. I managed orgasm #1 on the second try at intercourse after loving on her nipples between sessions. She wasn’t getting there after my first orgasm like she usually does, but we persisted.We used her G-spot vibe on the inside and the Sensuelle Plus vibe on her clitoris with me trading boobies to arouse them. I stimulated her nipples orally and by rubbing them with my erection’s tip (glans). We call this “Tip On Nip!”(By the way, I did something new by cleaning off our G-spot vibrator on her nipples after I pulled it out of her well-lubed and cum filled pussy. I had slid the vibe into her as soon as I came and withdrew.)Finally, I got some more coconut oil to add to our Tahitian Vanilla plus Coconut Oil shake that I had got from her pussy and rubbed on her nipples. As I switched to her right side again, I leaned in to get a taste and to stim her clitty a bit with my tongue. Then I moved to kneel beside her and do more tip on nip. It really worked. She had been complaining that she was not going to get there, but during our second minute of this, she came hard!She is so beautiful when she comes that for the second time this session, I came too. I lifted my tip off her right nip and rested my balls on her right boobie. My tip rubbed the left nipple as I pumped hard and fast for maybe 20-30 seconds. Then I went back to my tip on her right nip and promptly exploded all over her beautiful breasts!So even though Melodie thought she wasn’t going to cum due to medication side effects, we were persistent and I said a few silent prayers for my lover and wife (lover=wife).I told Heavenly Father, “Melodie’s been through so much. Please help me to know what to do to bring her to climax.” And I felt inspired to not give up and to do tip on nip. Gotta love prayers that are answered in the affirmative that quickly!I thanked my Melodie and told her how beautiful she is and that when she is aroused and then cums, she looks like a 26-year-old to me instead of a 70-year-old. I told her that it is a great blessing to me that I get every time we make love!Later in the day, I told her how much I loved her, and she teased me for initially dumping her when we first started dating 31+ years ago.I told her that I’d been an idiot but that 30 years of marriage should make up for that.She stroked my cheek and said, “Yes, I forgave you for that long ago! I love you, Tom!”“I love you too, Melodie!” I replied. “How could I not love you when you are kind, intelligent, my best friend… oh, and very sexy too!” She flashed me her beautiful smile, and I smiled back as I gazed into her big Nordic eyes.I let my eyes scan down to her full breasts that I swear get bigger when she’s turned on. Then they traveled to her bush, and I saw that the G-spot vibe was starting to slip out. So I removed it, then said, “Your sexy and yes, beautiful. This tasty pussy is one of my favorite parts of your beautiful body. And your smooth sexy skin drives me wild.” I ran my hand over her tummy and up to her breasts.“But Melodie,” I continued, “your two best and more obvious physical features are your lovely eyes and your beautiful boobies. And I don’t mean the bird-type of Boobies. But my dear, your beautiful voluptuous body would be meaningless if it weren’t attached to a kind loving spirit.”I went on, “So we’ve seen Boobies in the Galápagos Islands. I even have my double meaning hat!” (It has a picture of Blue-Footed Boobies and says, ‘I love Boobies!’)”I went on some more, “Blue Footed Boobies, Red Footed Boobies, Masked Boobies… they ARE amazing birds. But your boobies are the most beautiful and my favorite boobies in the world!”She laughed—in fact, we both did! Then we ended our lovemaking session with a nice long kiss!I had indeed just rejoiced with the wife of my youth! And her breasts DID satisfy me!(See Proverbs 5: especially verses 18 & 19.)