Both my husband and I were on longish work trips at the same time. It had been a week and a half apart already, and it was weighing on me. We missed each other a lot. Our texting had been steamy, and I’d felt naughty sharing with my babe some new things I want try to with him while I was in a meeting with clients.As I sat at dinner that night, the second glass of Sauvignon Blanc gave me the courage to shoot babe a sexy message: “I want to suck you while on my knees in front of you. Do you want me to show you your cum on my tongue before I swallow?”He replied with a picture of his hard cock in his tight khakis. I loved seeing how I’d turned him on. We couldn’t talk that night because of the time difference, but it wasn’t even 7 a.m. when babe texted me: “Are you ready to play with yourself? I’ll FaceTime you in 5.”I had told him before that I’d love for him to tell me how to touch myself, and I got excited wondering if he’d be up for it today. I opened the hotel room curtains to let the sun in and lay on the couch waiting for his call. As soon as his name popped up on my phone, I answered, telling him how much I miss and love him.He was sitting in his rental car with his cock pulled out of his pants, and he grinned. His thick cock is so beautiful, and I loved watching it on the phone screen. My babe was slowly stroking himself and smiling at me. He didn’t say anything for a bit, and I was getting giddy.Racy Red Mesh Bra Set from 3 Wishes“Lift up that shirt,” he said.He is doing it!I thought to myself. I happily pulled up my t-shirt showing him my boobs encased ina thin mesh bralette.*“Circle those nipples for me,” he continued.I propped the phone on the table and leaned over close to show him my nipples poking against the see-through material. He was able to see my areolas through the bra. Gently, I rubbed both of my nipples with my middle fingers.“I like how hard your cock is getting, babe,” I told him.“I know, babe. I want you so bad. Take your tits out of that bra. I wanna watch you knead them.”It was such a turn-on to do what he told me to do. His eyes grew wide as he watched me massage, my boobs spilling out of my hands. He had pulled up his shirt, too, and I saw his hot chest moving up and down. His breath was getting heavy, and so was mine.“Can I play with my clit already?”He shook his head. “You gotta beg me to let you do it.”I felt how wet I was getting. I was grinding the couch while he had a full view of my body. “Babe, please let me rub my clit. I want you to hear how wet I am.”He kept stroking himself and didn’t say anything.“Babe, please… I want to play with my clit.”“Okay, but no fingering. Just your clit.”I scooted back and leaned against the sofa’s armrest, then spread my legs open for him and moved my thong to the side. I opened my lips for my man to see his pussy glistening in the sunlight. I felt so sexy.“Spread your lips open, and rub your clit.”I was so wet that my clit was slippery already. I began to circle it, and moans started to slip out of my mouth.“Mmm… let me hear if you enjoy your clit rubbed,” my husband said.“I love to rub my clit for you, babe. You get me so wet. Show me your cock closer.”“Mm-mm, that’s not how it works, babe.I’lltellyouwhat to do. Stop touching yourself,” he demanded, and I obeyed. But my hands were restless, and I rubbed my inner thighs. “Good girl,” my babe whispered.I love it when he calls me a good girl. I felt my pussy gushing, and I soaked the couch below me a little.“Now I wanna hear that slippery pussy. Take your ring and middle finger, and finger yourself,” hubby demanded. I didn’t even let him finish before I had pushed my fingers into my pussy and started to massage my G-spot. I was so wet that the gushy sounds got louder and louder with each stroke. My left hand pinched my nipple, but my babe had another idea.“Lift your legs up in the air and rub that clit with your left hand.” His voice got quieter, and I saw that he was getting closer. “You look so hot, babe. Keep fingering yourself like I would do. I hear how wet you are.” He started to stroke faster, and I loved watching him while fingering myself. “Aaahhhh,” he grunted. The car’s dome light gave me enough illumination to see how his load shot up his chest. He kept watching me on the screen, and I loved seeing the pleasure on his face.Hubby took a moment to stroke his cock and then he continued: “Now I want you to cum. Start hitting that G-spot faster. And rub the tip of your clit.”Having him tell me what to do was hot, and I was so turned on. I sped up my pace with my legs still spread in the air, and I couldn’t keep the moans quiet and soft anymore. They were somewhere between panting and screaming when the orgasm took over me.He didn’t give me any break, though. “You are so close to squirting, baby. Keep fingering yourself.”I continued to finger myself until I felt that overwhelming pressure in my pelvis again. Then, my juices gushed onto my fingers. My squirt splashed onto the leather couch, and I felt so naughty with my wet legs spread wide for my babe on the phone.“Good girl, squirting for me. Now suck those fingers clean,” my babe said. He knows this is one of my favorite things to do. I picked up the phone to show him up close how I sucked each finger dry. Then, I dipped my fingers in again and licked them in front of the phone.“You are so bad, and I love it.” my husband chuckled.The orgasms were amazing but they just left me hornier, wanting Babe. “I can’t wait to see you,” I told him before signing off and getting ready for another long day of meetings.*Affiliate link. Full disclosure here.