I would like to see the general consensus on sex involving urination. If you are interested in engaging on this topic, please answer AT LEAST ONE of the following prompts and questions first, and then supply comments to others. Reference the number of the prompt as well for extra clarity. I’ll offer my two cents at the end as well.1. Have you ever engaged in receiving or giving golden showers? If so, is there a preference?2. Does the covering in or swallowing of bodily fluid interest you or turn you off? Why?3. If you have never participated in this, would you ever, and at what capacity do you think you would try it?4. From a moral stance, do you think golden showers are bad?5. From a health perspective, do you think golden showers are bad?6. If you have done it, was there ever a time you thought you never would try it? What made you go through with trying it after all?7. Do you have any juicy stories of including this in your marriage?8. Where do you like to perform golden showers most?My two cents:1. I have participated in both receiving and giving with my wife, and I prefer receiving.2. Bodily fluid in general is a turn on for me if it stems from sexual organs.3. N.A.4. I don’t believe there is any moral problem with it. I’ve heard some Christians argue it is denigrating, but that argument falls flat if the couple is completely consenting and desires it from each other. That said, I do not approve of guilt-tripping spouses into sexual activity they are uncomfortable with.5. The health safety concern to me is extremely minimal. As long as there is no disease or infection in the person, which would prevent any sexual activity anyway, it is completely safe. Also, it basically is composed of a mixture of salt water, bodily-produced lubricant, and extra minerals. If you have had shower sex or anal sex, there were more germs involved in those.6. I remember being intrigued as a very young man by this and never saw it as strange. I’m glad my wife is willing to try things with me and doesn’t rule something out without giving it a go.7. I have a few, but I’ll share them later.8. Best spot is either the bathtub or outside in the grass. It minimizes cleanup, which allows for more focus on fun and sex.Thanks for joining in, and please be respectful!