My wife and I had been married for an only a few months. We were both young (in our twenties) and had not had any experience beforehand. When we were engaged, she looked into getting on birth control. Combining that with me wearing condoms and we figured we had a good protection plan in place. However, something was missing. Something was lacking in the bedroom that we couldn’t put a finger on. We had good foreplay, reciprocated oral, and made sure to do it a lot! However, it was like something was missing from our sex life.Then one night something clicked. We had finished a game night at our house with some friends and more than a few glasses of wine were consumed. After our friends had left, and the apartment cleaned up she gave me a kiss good night. As her lips touched mine, I felt myself getting horny. I grabbed her waist and pulled her close and we started making out. This time was different though. The making out intensified as something new entered us. Something primal. Before we knew it clothes were off and we were on our couch making out hard. She rubbed my cock, now harder than ever, through my underwear and I could feel the heat coming from her vagina which was already soaking through her panties. I tried to get a condom but she wrapped her legs around me tightly. I was hers and she was mine. “I wanna feel you. All of you” she told me. At that moment, my urges took over. I ripped off her panties and my boxers and threw her legs back behind her head. I then slowly entered her unprotected, skin to skin, and with nothing in between us. It was the greatest feeling I’ve had! To feel my wife who I loved and who I was commuted to her in all her glory. To take her as I was made to do and she for me. Finally, the moment came (no pun intended). My wife could feel the same. “Don’t you fucking pull out” she said. “I want you. All of you. Cum inside me!” It was too late for me. She had her legs wrapped around me again; this time much stronger. I couldn’t escape! I shot a massive load of hot cum inside her and her moans and body spasms told me she had come as well.“that was amazing” she said“I can’t believe we were missing out on that” I said.Soon, we threw protection out the window. “If it happens it happens” we said. Our sex was amazing! And soon afterwards we were blessed with our first daughter!Life is too short too hold back