Hello everyone. This is the first post from TheHornyPastorAndHisSexyWife. My wife and I will run this account together as we share our beautiful, hot love life with you all. Firstly, I want to thank MarriageHeat for existing in the first place. I think it’s wonderful that there is a place for Christian couples to talk about and talk about their sex lives with one another. I believe this is a great site because we live in a world where many Christians have a backward view of sex within marriage. So thank you, MH; we are excited to be a part of this community and for future adventures.I wanted to tell you a little about my wife and me in this post. We have been married for 26 years and have 5 beautiful children: 1 married, 2 in high school, and 2 in middle school. My wife and I got married when we were 19 and have no regrets whatsoever.We’ve been through a lot as a pastor and a pastor’s wife, but our love for God and each other have been strengthened through it all.For our first post, I wanted to talk about how beautiful my wife is and the things she does that turn me on. I was inspired by another post where a husband mentioned the sexiest visuals of his wife. So with this, I wanted to specifically talk about things she does or says or just stuff about her that turns ME on.#1 – Being a mom and being my wife. My wife is the best mother to my children I could’ve ever asked for. She sacrifices so much, works hard for our children, loves them, and is the best wife I could ever have dreamed of. She has loved me when I probably didn’t deserve it, through bad times and good. She’s been there when I felt like the world was crumbling, and I love her for that. She’s everything I could’ve ever wanted. And yes, she’s a passionate and hot lover. She is the definition of a Proverbs 31 wife.#2 – Her urge to make love. My wife loves sex. And as a man, I LOVE sex. And I love sex with my wife. My wife actively cares about our sex life and wants to have sex with me, which is what a man wants: a woman who actually wants to have sex.#3 – Her work for our family and me. My wife takes care of our house and our family. When I have a rough day at work, the last thing I want to come home to is a dirty house, a sink full of dishes, or laundry that needs doing. My wife works hard at home, and I work to provide for our family. We are the perfect team.#4 – Her desire to pleasure me. While my wife also loves sex, something she loves even more is to pleasure me. She loves to give me blowjobs and will simply walk over and give me a handjob when I’m stressed or frustrated, or even randomly, just because she wants to. It’s such a turn-on, and it brings me so much happiness.#5 – My wife is SEXY. Of course, I must add something about how hot my wife looks. Since the day I met her, I’ve constantly found her sexy. Through our early days, multiple pregnancies, and tough times, my love for her body and my attraction to her has never left; if anything, it’s grown. She has long blonde hair and bright blue eyes that illuminate her face. She has cute little rosy cheeks. She has large, sexy boobs that get me hard just thinking about them. She has long, thick thighs and a big round ass that drives me crazy. She is the sexiest woman on the planet and knows it (although she’d never admit it.)I hope you enjoyed this post and didn’t mind me humble-bragging about my wife. I can’t help it sometimes. We can’t wait to start sharing our hot love stories with you all. God Bless you. Stay horny.