My wife, Melody, and I were at a hotel this morning. It was the beginning of our summer vacation. It had been three days since a lovemaking session, so we were due. And hotel sex always seems so carefree and erotic.We got naked but remembered we needed to call our bank about a problem with a money transfer. A female answered at the bank but had to put me on hold, so I was lying on the bed nude while waiting for her to return to the line. Melody was sitting in her glorious buff next to me. Her light pink nipples were only a few inches from my hungry mouth!I made to look like I was a baby trying to nurse on her closest voluptuous boob. She leaned over and cupped her boobie, offering it to me, and I sucked and tongue-titillated etc. until the online teller came back. After a brief conversation, the teller put me on hold again, so I went back to tittie titillation! It’s so fun to make Melody’s light pink nipples turn into ripe red raspberries!The teller eventually came back, and I stopped the nipple play on Melody. The online teller had the transfer completed, so we said goodbye. She hadn’t a clue about what we were up to!Melody and I looked at each other after the call ended and laughed. Then she lay down, and we did some very pleasant deep kissing. But soon she wanted me to continue with the nipple play, now on both nips. But first I added some coconut oil to her pussy. And of course that meant some pussy play!Then my loving on her nipples continued a long pleasant time until Melody insisted it was HER turn! She loves loving on my man-nips as much as I love stimulating her womanly mammaries!I had oiled up “Julia” (my male vibrating stroker), so Melody licked, sucked, and tongue-flicked my left nipple as her fingers stimulated the right one. The tongue-flicking was especially pleasurable today. I was rather amazed at how good it felt! Meanwhile, I pumped my hardening rod with Julia. Julia was “turned on” and at high power!“You’ll have to be content with being the warm-up act today,” I said to Julia. “I’m going to cum inside Melody’s pussy this morning.”Melody paused briefly to look up at me and laugh. Then she dove back in and doubled her efforts on my nipples. I almost came, so I told Julia, “I’m sorry, but it’s Melody’s turn.”As I slid down into the cuissade sex position, I realized that I was really, REALLY hard! It felt so wonderful to penetrate my sexy bride’s pussy! She had been buzzing her clitoris with a vibrating wand, but for intercourse, she switched to her favorite bullet vibe, the Sensuelle+. The cuissade sex position puts me on my side with Melody on her back. Our genitalia line up, and this position is great for my wife to use a vibrator as we make love.Of course, the entire sex session was making love, but the sexual intercourse part was amazing fucking! I went slowly,  drawing my hard rod almost out before thrusting back in hard. I’d pound rapidly for a while, then back to the slow fucking.We were at a hotel with no looming deadlines, so we really took our time. Melody did her Kegal hug on my thrusting cock, and that made it all even MORE intense! Surprisingly for me, I was staying super hard! I mentioned it to my Melody as the fucking continued.While giving my dick another Kegal hug she said, “I can tell!” She had a sexy and happy look in her eye. “Why aren’t you cumming?” she asked.“Because I’m taking my time enjoying being in your pussy,” I answered with more slow thrusts followed by more fast ones.“Go ahead and come!” my wife said. “Come in my puuusssy!” She said this as she squeezed my still very hard erection even more.That did it. She knows that being invited to cum is an something my cock can’t resist. I reached up with one hand to tweak her closest hard raspberry-like nipple,  and that was so sexy to me that it was like the last straw.I am struggling to find the words to describe this. It was like I was soooo aware of the size of my swollen cock. I know that penis size is not that important, but I really am blessed down there. Still, as we fucked in long shallow-then-deep strokes, it felt like I was twice my normal size! When I came, it was like a loooonnng pleasant euphoria!When I finally came out of my sex-induced trance, I felt an overwhelming sense of gratitude for my sexy wife and to Heavenly Father for giving her to me and me to her!*****************Now, stop reading if you only want the highlight reel because, although everything above is 100% true, there are some other truths coming up that are less fun.Are you still reading? Well, here goes: After I came, I had to sit up and cough like I was dying. But since I’m writing this, I obviously didn’t die. I did this sex session half of the time on room air, but before the intercourse, I put my supplemental oxygen on two liters per minute. After my orgasm, I had to crank it up to five!The hotel was off a major interstate highway, but it was at an altitude of over 6500 feet. With my heart and breathing problems, any altitude above 6000 feet presents a real challenge. This is especially true when I am exercising at altitude—including “sexercising!Melody had clearly enjoyed our lovemaking session. “It was fun!” she said with a smile afterward. But although she had fun in our lovemaking session, the long drive the day before and the hotel’s unfamiliar bed left her with some back pain. Sadly, the pain actually can get worse after an orgasm if she’s hurting beforehand, so she didn’t want to go for an orgasm.She DID cum powerfully in a lovemaking session three days ago. Melody was having a better morning that day. She is having to be careful about when she goes for an orgasm… or two… or three. I feel bad that her post-back-surgery recovery is not going as well as we had hoped. When she DOES go for an orgasm, she always gets there! Now, that is only about every 7-10 days. Please pray for her recovery. We are strong believers in the power of prayer.All that to point out that even though the sex session was imperfect, we find ways to be positive and grateful for things we still CAN do rather than mourn what is lost at the moment. When she has her next orgasm, after about a week or two, those orgasms are epic! And even without Melody cumming, we had a blast this morning in our hotel room, so we still are feeling grateful to God and grateful to each other!After lying around on the bed, cuddling and talking, Melody and I decided that “Julia” would like to have me cum in HER silicon cunt. So with Melody back on my man-nips, I pumped Julia’s pussy full of my second load of the morning. (Actually, a lot of the cum splattered on Melody and I.) I was on 5 LPM of oxygen, so I felt better after this orgasm, but I was still a little short of breath afterwards.I had enough breath to crack a joke. I said, “That was a fun threesome with you and Julia! Or it was a foursome if you count the teller?”Melody and I both laughed, but she managed to say, “Tommy, don’t SAY that!”Final note, We have just scheduled a cruise! (It obviously will be at sea level.) So that actually makes sex easier than even where we live—that’s over 4000 feet in altitude. I don’t need oxygen for a rip-roaring sex session with my wife when we are in our cruise ship cabin!  We have discovered that from multiple sex-filled cruises. Of course, all that sex was in our cabin with each other… which is why it is so good!