My balls are full of cum and tight to the shaft of my cock, which is straining and bouncing. I’m at maximum arousal.I’ve been teasing my banana-shaped erection while standing buck naked in the shower. The hot water runs down my tensed body. My eyes are closed as I imagine sharing my nakedness and engorged member with my wife. I’m throbbing just thinking of her using my cock as a flesh dildo for her ultimate pleasure.I take the removable shower head and blast jets of warm water on my tight nuts tucked eagerly and tightly to the base of my twitching penis. The feeling of the water there makes my knees weaken, my nipples harden, and my stomach tingle. The dark red, almost purple helmet of my meaty dick is flared and angry, the slit drooling pre-cum as my balls push my big load into the shaft of my engorged prick.I’m on the edge of exploding just thinking about my future wife sharing the shower with me. With my eyes closed tightly, I pour shower oil onto my rigid shaft and beat my slick meat. I run my hands up and down the length, knowing my release is imminent.I dream of dropping to my knees—cock bobbing and bouncing—as I make out with my wife’s engorged pussy lips. First, I furiously tug at my penis and then stretch my arms up to fondle her tits and tweak her diamond-hard nipples. I don’t want to shoot my big load of cum until she’s had an orgasm. I want her to cum on my cock. Remember, it’s her dildo.I stand up as she turns her back toward me. The round globes of her ass cheeks are irresistible. I take my rock hard cock and slap them with it before teasing her slit from behind. Then I slide it in slowly as she moans. Slow thrusts give way to intense and powerful strokes.I snap back to reality. Opening my eyes, I remember the task at hand—well, the taskinmy hand.I’m on my knees now, one hand stroking up and down my curved erection while the other massages my horny nipples, imagining the beautiful sex in my future. I can’t hold it back any longer. My load—pushed from my tight balls and into my shaft—shoots forcefully out of the slit of my cockhead.I slump down in the shower and let the water rinse away the residue of imagined sex with my someday bride. Until next time…