(L) – This story contains strong language.ForewordIn reading this account, it’s essential to acknowledge that our chosen lifestyle may not resonate with everyone, and that’s perfectly okay.We respect each person’s right to agree or disagree with our choices, as every journey is unique, and we understand the value of diverse perspectives. Our commitment to a consensual and safe relationship dynamic remains unwavering, with clear protocols, including safe words, to ensure a secure and respectful environment.We have navigated the challenges of our alternative lifestyle, seeking guidance from our spiritual leader and scripture. Passages like Ephesians 5:22-24 underscore the concept of wives submitting to their husbands and provide context for our beliefs. As we share our story, it’s essential to recognise that this narrative reflects our genuine experiences a marriage and a relationship built on mutual consent and understanding.”Le Calendrier de L’avent– the Advent CalendarAndrea always looked forward​ to the 1st​ of December. Gabriel had presented her with​ an advent calendar annually since they first married.He had never forgotten. He had given her a variety of calendars, from simple open-the-flap or chocolate-a-day ones, to more lavish makeup or spa product packs. ​It meant so much to her that he always remembered to help her countdown to her favourite time of the year.Over the last two years, they had been​ on​ a voyage​ of self-discovery—mentally, physically, and sexually—which brought them closer together. They had learned​ so much​ about each other and themselves.Andrea discovered her keen fondness for kink, with her main interest in​ being submissive to Gabriel’s caregiving dominant fetish. They did not play that dynamic all the time. However, when they did,​ it left her feeling the most contented. She had been hesitant​ at first. But he had been gentle​ in his persuasion, and once​ he had opened the floodgates​ to her darkest desires,​ he had taken her​ to new heights​ of pleasure.​ It made her love him even more than she had imagined.Part 1: The Gift1 DécembreGabriel leaned down and kissed Andrea’s forehead​ as​ he placed​ a steaming cup​ of coffee​ on the nightstand.“Bonjour,​“​ he whispered, brushing the hair​ of her face.“Mmmmmm…” Andrea moaned.“Come on, sleepyhead, wake up.”“What’s the time?” she asked groggily.“It’s just past​ 9 am. Just​ as you asked,”​ he said.Andrea had plans​ to brunch with her sister and​ do some Christmas shopping. The coffee​ in bed was​ a welcome start​ to the day. She soon sat​ up and arranged the cushions and pillows against the headboard​ as Gabriel drank his tea​ on​ a mock vintage Louie XV-style chair.“No calendar this year,”​ he said. “More​ a series​ of gifts.​ I hope you don’t mind.”Andrea shook her head,​ a slight frown​ on her face.“Don’t worry,chérie, you will not​ be disappointed. Would you like today’s gift?”Andrea nodded​, and Gabriel pulled out​ a small box from behind his back.​ It was wrapped​ in black paper with​ an embroidered gold paisley print and​ an elegant satin bow. Andrea smiled​ as she took it.“Can​ I open it?”“Oui bien sûr,“​ he said.Her fingers quickly moved over the paper​ as she pulled the bow apart and carefully unpicked the wrapping.As she discarded the black paper,​ a white, minimalist box emerged.​ It was elegant, with clean lines and​ a matte finish. The box prominently displayed the name ‘Womaniser’​ in metallic raised lettering.Andrea looked​ up​ at Gabriel with​ a smile​ as she pulled the lid open, revealing​ a black clitoral stimulator toy nestled​ in​ a custom-fitted insert. The box also included​ a charging cable, additional silicone heads, and​ a small instruction booklet.“Ohh Gabriel,quelle surprise!” she squealed.“Do you like it,​ma chérie?““Yes, thank you,” she said, laying​ it​ on her lap and taking​ a long slurp​ of her coffee.“Are you not going​ to try it?”​ he asked, raising​ an eyebrow.“I will, yes, later.”“Non, now,”​ he said with​ a tone and​ a look that told Andrea that this was non-negotiable.“Yes, sir,” she said meekly​ as her submissive senses went into overdrive.She knew what would happen​ if she did not comply, and​ it would not end well. She set the cup down​ on the night table, then moved the covers with her feet until they lay​ in​ a pile​ at the end​ of the bed.“Take off your panties,” Gabriel demanded, remaining seated,​ a neutral expression​ on his face​ as​ he watched her.“Yes, Sir,” Andrea said, sliding her thumbs into the elastic​ of her black satin panties.As she slipped her hand under her body, she felt​ a damp patch, indicating her excitement, which would please her master.​ As she lifted her ass off the mattress, she pulled them down. With her hands, she pulled the panties down her thighs, eventually pulling them off her legs and over her toes. She tossed them aside, and they landed next​ to her husband.Gabriel picked them​ up and smelled them.​ A smile appeared​ on his lips​ as the scent​ of her arousal wafted into his nostrils.“Open your legs.”She did​ as she was commanded, and the cool air hit her. Her sex glistened, and​ a drop​ of her juices seeped from her. She looked down and saw how wet her pussy was.“You are very excited,​ma petite soumise.““Yes, Sir,” Andrea breathed.“Touch yourself,” Gabriel ordered.Andrea’s eyes widened​ as she heard the words, and her breathing quickened.“Touch myself, Sir?”“Yes,” Gabriel said firmly, his expression darkening.“How?”“Like this,”​ he said, mimicking the circular movement​ of rubbing her clit with his hand.“Oh!”“I won’t ask again,” Gabriel said,​ a stern edge​ in his voice.“Yes, Sir,” she said excitedly.Her hand began​ to move between her thighs. Her eyes remained locked​ on her husband, who looked​ at her,​a smile growing​ on his lips.“Ooh!”“That’s​ a good girl,”​ he said.His praise sent​ a shudder through her, and her pussy gushed.“Does that feel good?”“Yes, Sir,” Andrea moaned, her hand moving faster, and she spread her legs further.“Play with your pussy,” Gabriel instructed, his cock stiffening​ as​ he watched his wife pleasure herself.“Ugh…uh….” Andrea moaned, her eyes closing, and her head fell back against the headboard.Gabriel shifted slightly​ as​ he moved his hand​ to his cock.“Use your gift,”​ he said.“Huh?”“Your gift, the Womaniser.”“Oh! Yes, Sir.”Andrea reached for the box and opened the lid, revealing the sleek, black device.​ It was​ a simple shape,: a thick, curved rod that ended with​ a rounded, concave tip.She placed​ it between her legs and held the tip​ of the wand against her clit, where​ it contacted her body, and ​a burst​ of pleasure coursed through her.“Oh! Ugh!”The stimulation was intense, and her legs instinctively moved inward​ as though​ to protect her from the overwhelming sensations.“Uh!”Gabriel noticed this. “Open your legs,” he ordered.Andrea did​ as she was told. “Yes, Sir,” she said with ragged breath.The vibration​ of the toy was relentless, and her clit throbbed. She was desperate​ to move her legs and find relief from the stimulation.“Please,” she begged,​ “I need​ to close​ my legs.”“No, you may not,” Gabriel said firmly.“But…uhhh….I….”“I did not give you permission.”“Ughhhh…” Andrea moaned, her mouth dropping open.She continued​ to play with her clit, and her pussy contracted. She never imagined​ it would bring her​ to​ a climax​ so quickly. She did not think she could hold​ on much longer.“Please,” she moaned, “​I can’t hold it.”“Yes, you can.”“No,” she cried, her eyes rolling back.“Do not orgasm,”​ he barked.She looked​ up and saw him furiously stroking his cock, his tip gleaming with precum.“Ugh, Sir,” she moaned.“Do not orgasm,”​ he repeated, “until​ I say.”“Please…”“Not until​ I say.”“It’s too much,” she cried, her body writhing.“Control yourself.”“Uhhh!”“Do not climax until​ I say.”“UGH!”“Control your orgasm.”“Sir, please.”“Not yet,”​ he said.“Uhhhhh!”“Soon.”“UGH! Uh! Please!”Gabriel shot his load​ in​ a looping spurt that landed​ on the tumble​ of bedclothes. She watched​ as his cock pulsed​ in his hand, his red helmet glistening.“Sir, please, may I…” she whimpered.“Now,”​ he growled.Andrea screamed​ as her climax thundered through her, her body convulsing violently​ as her legs snapped shut.“Ooohhhh!!!”Her scream turned into​ a growl, and her hips thrust forward​ as the vibrations continued​ to torment her. Her eyes squeezed shut, and her back arched.“OHHH!!!”She screamed again, her head thrashing from side​ to side, and her pussy squirted its release.“AAAAAHHHH!!!!”Gabriel sat watching his wife​ as her climax continued,​ a look​ of triumph​ on his face. She bucked her hips, and her juices gushed.“Oh, fuuuck!”He stood and moved closer, letting his hand cup her pulsing mound.“That’s​ a good girl.”Andrea whimpered.“Good girl,”​ he whispered. “Now clean me.”Andrea responded​ by taking Gabriel’s cock into her mouth and sucking him clean. When​ he pulled out, she slumped back against the pillows, her eyes closed, her mind reeling.“Did you enjoy that,mon coeur?”“Yes,” she breathed. “Yes, Sir,​ it was wonderful.”“You were​ a good girl.”“Thank you,” she replied, her breathing still laboured.“Good girl.”She smiled.“I’m glad you enjoyed your present.”“Oui, merci,” she replied, her body relaxing.To be continued in Part 2.