Our first Christmas Eve as a married couple was a total disaster.  My mother invited her best friend and her daughter to her annual Christmas Open House.  And my mother was in rare form, even for her.  She has a thing or two against my wife, Tammi—or more accurately against Tammi’s mother, who was a HS rival of hers.  She did her best to drool and slobber all over Amber (her friend’s daughter) and was very disrespectful to Tammi.Tammi got more than a little drunk, and drunk for the first time in her life, I might add. The night ended with me dragging Tammi out of the house after she got into a shouting match with my mother.  Tammi said many things out of character for her.  We got home after having our first fight on the truck ride home.  Tammi stormed into the house, went straight to the office/guest room, and locked the door.  She was drunk, crying, and wouldn’t talk to me.I went downstairs and poured myself a Jack and Coke. Sitting down to look at our tree, I tried to wrap my head around what went down.  My mother was way out of line, but it didn’t make how Tammi confronted her right either.  I was on my second glass just before midnight when my phone dinged.It was a text photo of Tammi, naked and kneeling on the floor in our bedroom  Her long hair was down and flowing over her shoulders and the tops of her large, full breasts.  Her nipples were long and hard, poking through her hair. Bright red lipstick highlighted her mouth. She had her palms set on her sexy bare thighs, which hid the treasure between her closed legs.The text message read, “I reacted very badly tonight, and I have apologized to your mother.  I apologize to you, my husband, and request a consequence for my bad behavior and the disrespect I showed you.”My cock got rock hard in my jeans as I made my way upstairs and reached for the doorknob.  I opened the door, stepped into the room, and stood in front of Tammi, whose eyes stayed fixed on the floor.  Neither of us said a word as I undressed, and when I was done, I told her to look up.Tammi gasped when she saw my throbbing cock pointing right at her.  Her eyes filled with tears as she looked up at me. I wiped her tears away, and when she pressed her cheek into my hand, I ran my thumb over her sexy red lips. Then I slowly pushed it into her mouth, and she eagerly sucked and licked it.“Mmm, Tammi, your mouth is amazing when it’s used for the right things.”I turned and sat on the end of the bed as she knelt between my legs, still sucking my thumb. Soon I pulled it out of her pouty mouth and told her to stand.  I smiled and admired her beautiful form.  My eyes descended from her lovely face to the large breasts perched above a narrow waist. From there, her hips flared out, leading my gaze down to her sexy legs and smooth mound with tempting lips peeking out below.I took her hands in mine, and our eyes met.Tammi stepped from between my legs still holding my hands before she releases my hands and lays her body down over my lap.  Her tiny body is soft and hot as I slide my hand down her back to her ass, and she trembles.Softly she says “I am sorry.”  She gasps at the sting as I slap her ass.“I will not speak wickedly.”  Two more times, and just a little bit harder, and she gasps and winces a little this time.  I rub her sexy ass this time and she moans and wiggles a little.“I will never be disrespectful to you or anyone.”  Her voice quivers and I see a tear, as I spank her 3 times.  I rub her red ass, feel her hot pussy, and her juices starting to coat my thigh.“You are the head of me as Christ is the head of his church.”  Four more times, and Tammi moans and whimpers as i rub her ass again. She wiggles and cries out as I slide my hand down over her hot wet pussy to cup and squeeze her.My cock is big and hard, throbbing against her stomach, as I tell her to stand.  Her eyes show much regret and even more love as I open my legs and have her kneel between them. Running my fingers through her long hair, I grab a handful and pull her head down to my cock. She wastes no time taking all of me deep into her mouth and throat.  I moan and hold her head as she eagerly slides my cock in and out.  I start pulling her head up and down, fucking her face and mouth.  The harder I fuck her, the louder she moans, and harder she sucks my cock.  Rubbing and squeezing my balls, she sucks me harder than ever.I stand and take her head in both hands and fuck her harder and faster.  Tammi is squeezing her tits and nipples and moaning as I thrust into her throat. I hold my cock in her deep as I shoot rope after rope of cum straight down her throat. She moans and swallows as her body shakes.  My knees wobble as she continues sucking me hard and drinking all my load.When she pulls off my cock, I pull her up, lift her into my arms, and we kiss deeply, passionately. My semi-hard cock rubs her dripping hot pussy lips.  I reach down and push my cock up into her and step forward, pinning her against the wall.  She gasps and kisses harder as I start thrusting into her.  My cock grows harder and is soon buried deep into her pussy with each thrust.After several thrusts, she cries out and her nails rake my back. As her body shakes, her juices gush out and all over my driving cock.  I spin her off the wall, and drop us onto the bed, pinning her beneath me. I pound hard a few more times and my cum shoots out, flooding her pussy.Her legs and arms wrapped around me tightly as we confess our love, and cry as we come down from a couple of the most incredible orgasms we’ve ever had.