The last time we were alone, we had started ourAdventure Challenge In Bedbook. Read about that{here}.That night, we decided to scratch off a couple of the upcoming challenges so that we could plan ahead and accordingly for the next time we were able to be alone. From that, we knew that we had either the “Mr. and Mrs. Smith” challenge or the “Don’t forget to Pull Out” challenge to look forward to.Knowing the kids were going to a movie together this particular evening (a more frequent occurrence now that we live in town.) While I was at work eagerly anticipating our date at home, The Passionate Pastor went shopping for the props we would need to complete both of these challenges and sent a picture of his loot. I smiled after opening his text and moved on with what I had to do. It was not an easy task—with my damp panties and wandering thoughts—to focus all day, knowing what awaited me.After I got home and we sent the kids on their way, we picked up dinner and decided on which challenge we were going to enjoy. By the title of the entry, you know which we chose.We ate dinner and then opened what we would need for this challenge—a game of Jenga blocks.TPP decided to set up our game in the living room on a fairly sturdy ottoman so that we would have the comfort of our couches while we played.The task was an easy one: seduce and distract your spouse while they take their turn pulling out blocks from the tower.My hot husband was up first. As he was finding which block to maneuver, I gently started working my way up his neck, licking and kissing ever so slightly all the way up to his earlobe, where I nibbled as he placed his first block on top.On his turn, he followed suit, getting behind me and brushing my hair away from my neck so that he could seductively distract me. His soft lips and touch built anticipation within me.We escalated our temptation with each other pretty quickly knowing kissing wasn’t going to be the key to the other making the tower fall.One of my favorite things to do to make my man shudder is to skim my nails over his waistline. The ante was upped though. So instead of merely grazing over it with my fingers, I decided to use my mouth to kiss along the edge of his waistband, making sure to suck a bit too. I wanted to create an urgent desire for me to go a few inches further down with my sucks, kisses, and licks.Sure enough, he was trembling a great deal—but not enough to make the tower tumble yet.We took each other’s and our own clothes off piece by piece in between our turns. He was completely nude, while I opted to keep just my pendant necklace on. There is something about keeping on jewelry while making love that entices us both.As I tried maneuvering one block with skill, TPP caressed my breasts with his masculine hands, rubbing my nipples with his gliding thumbs.My turn lingered while his lips and tongue followed suit. His eyes gazed up at me as he seductively flicked his tongue over the tip of my hard nipple, which almost made me want to topple the tower on purpose so that I could sit him on the ottoman and ride him like a wild cowgirl.On his next turn, I used a bit of a different tactic to distract him from the game.Sitting on the floor directly across from him, I fully spread my legs, leaving no part of my vagina up to the imagination. My juices were dripping readily from all the breast caressing prior, so my fingers easily glided over my vulva and into my pussy. I worked my fingers around my clit—flicking it back and forth—and in and out of my pussy as I got wetter and wetter.His mouth gaped as he watched me work myself to orgasm.After he was done with his purposefully extended round, he guided me to the couch so that I was lying down for my next turn. It was an interesting angle to try to play Jenga from, no doubt. But as I found the block I needed to move and slid it gently out, he was gently sliding his tongue over my folds and into my pussy. He tongued over my clit and lapped up my wetness as I carefully placed my block on top.As he got into position for his next round, the glistening of his precum on the top of his dick caught my eye and my breath. I had to have it. My lips met his member with joy as I tasted his salty and sweet juices. Sucking him as if I were sucking a thick vanilla malt through a straw made my already sensitive pussy quake and long for him even more. His smooth, rock-hard shaft filled my mouth as I wrapped my tongue around him and engulfed every sexy inch of him.This game needed to end soon so that I could feel all of him filling me elsewhere, and we both knew it.Maybe it was a work of God, or maybe it was TPP’s desire getting the best of him, but the tower tumbled to the hardwood floor just in time.And in one blurred movement, my groom was lying on the part of our couch that juts out while I rode his cock with the intense wild urgency that consumed us. While the name of the game was Don’t Forget to Pull Out, I never wanted him to. It felt so good to feel him pulsating in me, and we both erupted in simultaneous ecstasy.With our challenge ended, we cleaned up and finished our date night with a couple of less exciting games, and then the kids came home.As I cleaned under our couches the next week, I found three tower blocks. It was a fun reminder of our sexual game, and a knowing smile crept over our faces as I walked them to the game closet.