Lacy and I have been married for 18 months, and we are on our first real vacation since we’ve been married. We are spending a week in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic.On arrival, I got our keycards and requested a celebratory bottle of wine be sent up in about a half hour. But no sooner had we set our bags down in our hotel room than Lacy jumped against me, slamming me into the wall. My surprise at her aggressiveness made her giggle, but then she kissed me passionately. She yanked my pants open, grabbed my soft cock, and started pulling firmly and fast. Her eager hand had me hard in no time, and she fell to her knees and kissed my cock.“I love your cock, baby,” she said before taking me slowly and fully into her mouth, then backing off with a gasp. “It’s so big, baby,” she panted—and who doesn’t love to hear that? Then, she started sucking, moving her head back and forth quickly.I grabbed her head and yanked her mouth off my cock just in time to stop my orgasm.“Cum for me, baby,” Lacy said. And what she says next was another WOW moment. “Will you cum on me, baby? Cum all over my pretty face.”I groaned and pulled her face back to my cock, letting my hand ride atop her enthusiastically bobbing head. Within moments, I pulled her off again, grabbed my cock, and pointed it at her. My cum shot all over her face. It was so sudden and violent a spasm that, by the time I finished, my knees wobbled, and I felt weak.A sudden knock at the door, accompanied by the call, “Room service,” jerked us back to reality. Lacy bolted for the bathroom as I pulled my pants up and opened the door to let in the bellhop. He sat the iced bottle of wine on the table, and, as I tipped him, he looked past my shoulder and smiled. I follow his gaze to see Lacy peeking through the bathroom door, still wiping cum off her face.Hearing the door close again, Lacy bounced over to me and, after a long kiss, asked if we could go to the beach.“We can do anything you want, baby,” I told her.Lacy tossed me my trunks, but after five minutes of digging through her suitcase, she still couldn’t find her suit. “I must have missed it as I packed,” she says. “Can I have a new one?”So instead of sunning and swimming, we went shopping. We found a convenient swimwear bodega near the beach. Lacy grabbed several bikinis, and we both headed to the changing room so I could give my feedback on their styles.After trying on a couple, Lacy stepped out wearing a tiny one. The top barely covered her breasts; her nipples poked through nicely. And the small triangle of cloth in front made it clear that she had a smooth pussy underneath. Never could I have imagined her choosing something that skimpy, but I sure liked it!Lacy could see my approval by the horny grin on my face. She danced teasingly in front of me and pressed her ass against my now solid cock. When I grabbed her hips and held her against me, she squealed, but I think what I did next surprised her even more.Still holding her hips, I pushed her ahead of me back into the stall and closed the curtain. She looked back to see me pull my hard cock out of my trunks.“What if we get caught?” she said, wide-eyed.“I saw how you smiled when the bellhop caught you with my cum all over your face. I think the idea of getting caught turns you on,” I teased her. “Besides, we are the only customers in the store.”Lacy started panting when I pressed my hand between her thighs and felt her hot wet pussy. We both moaned, and I yanked the bikini to the side and shoved my cock into her. Lacy braced one hand against the mirror and covered her mouth with the other as I started pounding hard and fast. Her juices flowed down my cock to our thighs.When Lacy let out a tiny squeak, the clerk asked if everything was okay.Lacy managed a weak yes, but I guess the sales lady wasn’t convinced. A few minutes later, we could see her in the mirror, peeking through the crack at the edge of the curtain. That must have done it for Lacy. Her pussy started rhythmically squeezing my shaft.Without warning, I exploded, shooting several streams of cum up into her pussy. When I shuddered and pulled out, the suit bottom snapped back into place and caught the backflow.I hiked up my trunks, kissed Lacy, then turned and yanked back the curtain. The sales attendant was busily adjusting a display as we stepped out of the dressing area.“She’ll take the one she is wearing,” I told the clerk. She walked us to the register and rang us up, and as we turned to go, I saw the woman wink at Lacy. Lacy blushed with a shy smile, and we headed out to the beach.Lacy hugged my arm as we walked along the shimmering sand. “How did I get so lucky to find a man like you?”I stopped walking and kissed her passionately, ignoring the crowd on the beach.Lacy’s new-found love for public displays of affection—let alone sex—is blowing my mind, and you will surely not hear me complain.