Life has been faced paced as of late, so this is my first submission in many months.   It was a recent Friday night after weeks of being very busy and stressed from work. We ordered takeout and then moved to the fire pit in our backyard at dusk.    We were both comfortably dressed in only T-shirts and shorts, sipping on wine and enjoying the thin layers of cotton and easy access.After we sat at the fire for about an hour, an unanticipated clap of thunder warned us that our outdoor evening may be cut short.   E leaned over for a deep kiss, dropping her tongue down my throat as if to tell me what she was craving.  We kissed passionately for a few minutes until raindrops began to patter around us.  I asked if she wanted to go inside.  By the bulge in my shorts, E knew this wasn’t really a question but a plan.We made our way to the bedroom, lay on our bed, and shared more deep kisses. Within minutes, the layers of cotton that separated our wanting bodies became an incumbrance.  E stood first to peel off her damp clothes, and I quickly followed suit.  She reached down to feel for my member, which was striving for a full 90-degree angle at this point. Her fingernails scrolled across my swollen shaft and then reached down below, raking from the base of my aching testicles back up to my thickness.A little wine always settles my inhibitions, so I made a move to lay her down across the bed. I quickly pivoted so that my mouth was in alignment with her wanting love place while my cock and balls were at her immediate convenience. Oral sex after just a couple of glasses of wine is the best; our lust for one another is still at its peak but just a little desensitization makes for an incredible boost in stamina.While my love worked her beautiful lips and mouth about my member, I massaged her swollen slit with my fingers and tongue. We were both maximizing the blood flow to one another’s most sensitive zones. One second, E had my massively swollen head around her perfect lips, and then the next, I could feel a testicle in the grasp of that same beautiful mouth. As I squirmed, I sucked and gently kissed her clit.  I could feel her breathing quicken and she started to reposition herself; I knew that she was on the move to take me inside of her.I lay parallel to our headboard as she got up to straddle me. I shifted my hips, put my inside foot against the headboard, and then reached for the lube on our nightstand. Quickly, I dumped several drops in my hand so that I could prepare myself as she hovered over me. I reached under her to stroke my swollen cock four or five times with the slippery stuff, with her hands on top of mine to ascertain when “all systems are go.”As soon as my last stroke of self-lubrication ended, she guided herself onto me. Our mutual wetness invited me completely into E on the first penetration. I could feel her deep breaths of excitement with each stroke as she rapidly took me in, back and forth. I knew that, with a slight twist of my legs and hips, I could improve the angle. So I raised my left leg a bit higher against the headboard while the other stretched beneath her, flat on the mattress. That small adjustment allowed us to hit the perfect angle.E’s pace quickened even more as she straddled my cock.  She kept backing onto me with my head at the rim of her swollen pussy one millisecond, and then my full shaft consumed deep inside her the next.  Maximum hardness, maximum wetness, and the perfect angle; it doesn’t get any better.She was riding me like a prized stallion at this point.  My shaft was so far inside that her cushy, sweet ass compressed my balls with each slap. Over and over, I could feel her taking me in, my love nads trapped between the passion of her wanting pussy, her ass, and my pelvis.Finally, I couldn’t take it anymore; she was sending me over the edge. I released deep inside of her, and at the same time,  I felt her start to quiver. I held myself deep inside of her through our mutual release, then lightened my grip on her hips when our climax ended.  She slid up and down on me slowly just a couple more times to feel me before she pulled off and collapsed.What an amazing Friday evening!