(L) – This story contains strong language.Something funny happened during our lovemaking session today. Let me explain:It had been four days and usually our sexcapades happen every three days. So we were both fairly wired. Although for my wife Melody, she was literally wired—she had a heart monitor stuck over her sternum, right in the middle of her chest between her two perfect D-cup breasts. (They ARE perfect to me!) She was lying on the bed on her back. I handed her our mini-wand vibrator.The adhesive from the heart monitor tape was driving Melody CRAZY! The medical tape was transparent so we could see the flaming red rash—with even a blister! Needless to say, this was one heck-uv-a distraction for her. It did not bother me!Before our sex sessions, I always set up several of our vibrators on a microfiber cloth on my nightstand. I usually turn on our halite lamps and put a fire on our big, flat-screen bedroom TV. It was a YouTube video with Spanish guitar.Since intense sexual stimuli was needed, I coated her external and internal pussy with coconut oil. Then I inserted our Vedo Gee G-spot vibe.Melody complained about how much the itching from the heart monitor’s tape was bothering her as I tried to kiss her. Now, unless you’re a Trekkie, you won’t get this next part, but I’ll try to explain. Since I have a pacemaker and she had the heart monitor AND a vibe inserted in her we were both kinda like the cyborgs from Star Trek called The Borg.She was still being bothered by the itching on her chest and resisting my kisses. I said to Melody, “We are the Borg, resistance is futile!” My fellow-Trekkie wife laughed.I gave up on kissing her mouth as I thought maybe some nipple stimulus and more intense vibrations might help her overcome the distraction. Or I could say that the sexual stimulus would help distract her from the itching… So I handed her the little loop-handled vibe (we call it Loopy) and I dove in, orally loving on each hard nipple simultaneously.Melody handed me the wand vibe and I placed it on my nightstand. Loopy is more powerful than the mini-wand.I feasted on her nipples and really enjoyed the fun! The responses (sighs) from her were getting loud and obvious. I pumped my cock as I sucked and tongue-flicked her tits, especially her nipples.Then I rolled onto my back and Melody crawled partly on top of me. She took HER turn orally loving on nipples—MY man-nips! Ever since our wedding night, she’s gotten a kick out of doing this. She introduced me to this little erotic activity and I love it!!She loved on my nipples for a while as I pumped my rod. Then my Melody asked me to remove the G-spot vibe from her vagina, and I did so. Then I grabbed the jar of coconut oil and Melody asked what I was doing. “Doing tip on nip!” I replied.She briefly protested. But allowed it.So, I rubbed a tiny bit of coconut oil on her nearest nipple and I kneeled up next to her. As she buzzed her clitoris with Loopy, I pumped my dick and simultaneously rubbed my tip on her nearest nipple. I could tell that in spite of her initial reluctance, I was getting to her. She can’t resist that close-up view of my big erection and the sensations of my glans stimulating her raspberries. A couple of weeks ago she came as I did this. Like I said above, we call this “tip on nip!”After some of this I slid down onto the bed. I switched to our Sensuelle Plus bullet vibe. It is even MORE powerful. I put the looped vibe (Loopy) on top of my nightstand and I thought I had turned it off. Melody applied the new, more powerful bullet vibe to her clitty, and I moved to her left side. I licked, tongue-flicked, and sucked on that beautiful tit. Then I slid into our X position with me on my side and her on her back. I lined my cock up with her pussy entrance and I plowed in. She was ready! And she let out a pleased sigh.I pussy-pounded her for a time, then thrust slowly deep to shallow. Good heavens that felt good! I watched her boobies bouncing on either side of her heart monitor, but I didn’t really see anything but my wife’s gorgeous voluptuous body. Melody gave me her ultimate hug as she squeezed my shaft with her Kegels! Soon I resumed the hard and fast pussy pounding and I felt my climax approaching. By the way, Melody likes to be fucked this way.Before my heart failure, this type of rambunctious sexual intercourse would go on for 10-20+ minutes. Nowadays I can’t stress my heart that much. But nowadays, in order to cum, Melody needs to buzz her clit/pussy while I suck or tip-rub her nipple. Sometimes she cums before we have intercourse (like during tip on nip), and sometimes she cums after having her pussy pounded. On those times I slide my dick into her while the orgasmic pulsating is not over. Often this triggers a second orgasm for her.So the lovemaking was a real pounding fuck at this point. But ya know what? If you both like this type of sex then it’s definitely still lovemaking! In fact, for us it’s wonderful, intense and bonding lovemaking!But sometimes the weirdest things happen during sex! Melody and I suddenly heard the loudest buzzing sound. I thought someone was using an edging tool or lawnmower right outside our window. But it was 7:45 a.m. and that seemed highly unlikely.Remember Loopy the loop-handled vibrator? I had set it on my nightstand on top of the microfiber cloth. I THOUGHT that I’d turned it off. But I hadn’t, so it had been vibrating quietly on the cloth, and it had vibrated off and fell into the nightstand’s open drawer! The loud buzzing sound was from it vibrating and bouncing around on the bottom of the wooden drawer.I slid out of my Melody’s caressing cunt. That was difficult to do. But the buzzing was so loud! I crawled across our king-sized bed and discovered the source of the sound. Melody and I both laughed.As a young man, no pause in sex made a difference in my erection. But I ain’t young anymore, so I had somewhat lost it.“Good thing the left titty-pump works so well,” I said. Melody laughed, but she knew it was true.“It always does!” she said as she applied the vibe back to her clit and offered me her nearest to me boob.I latched onto her left nipple and pumped my rod. It took less than a minute to return to full staff. I slid back into our X position and the fuck-fest resumed. As my Big O approached, I thrust shallow to feel that buzzing on my tip. I had this breathtaking orgasm that was majorly intensified by the vibrations through her vaginal wall and her Kegel hugs. The first shots of my cum were shallow. Then for 1/3 of my orgasm I thrust my big cock deep up into her so the last shots of my hot cum were deposited deep up in her pulsating pussy. As I withdrew my waning erection I told her how wonderful it was and how much I loved her.I used a microfiber cloth on Melody to clean her up as my cum leaked out of her pussy. As I did so, I said to her, “Now you’re gonna cum for certain after being thoroughly fucked!” She groaned and kinda laughed. I could tell that she was REALLY wired and was gonna cum like a train! (I wasn’t wrong.)I slid up again to her left side and went to work again, orally loving her beautiful raspberries. I felt an impression to switch sides at just the right time to take he rover the edge.Melody gasped out, “I’m c-cumming!” We won! The itching was overcome!Her body’s beauty is enhanced by sexual activity and especially by her climax! She shook her internal quake and arched her back.When she came back to Earth, I asked her what was a probably rhetorical question: “Was that a good one?”“Yes!” she answered as an aftershock sent a couple more waves of erotic pleasure through her body. She looked more beautiful than ever! I don’t care that she’s in her 70s. I told her that when we make love I feel like I’m with a twenty-year-old. And in spite of having to not overdo things, I feel young when I’m in the whole process of making love to her.As I’m writing this, my Melody is napping on and off as we sort of watch a romantic movie together. She woke and complained, “I am so tired! I didn’t sleep well last night.”“But you sure fucked well this morning!” I said.“Oh, shut up!” she said, but she was suppressing a smile.“Don’t think I don’t know how blessed I am to get to make love to that gorgeous body attached to such a kind soul!” I replied sincerely. She smiled and fell back to sleep with a tired but contented look on her beautiful, oval Nordic face.