It was time to get away.We have four wonderful children, but it was time for the two of us to be alone, even if for just a few hours.The sexual energy was palpable. Finding time for sexual pleasure was not easy. Today, we both needed it. With only a touch of her hand, my body started to feel a hunger that could only be quenched by her.The drive was not far—just over the bridge and around the south end of the military base. There was the lake: Base Lake. It was rarely used in the evenings, besides at certain times of year when it was a popular camping site. Today, it was nearly empty. It was nightfall with the moon glimmering over the rippling water. Toads and other wildlife could be heard in the distance. There was a slight breeze in the air, whispering across the tall grass and cattails.I found a secluded spot and parked—not far from the road, but well enough isolated. A few moments of quiet allowed for the energy of the night to pierce through our blood. The clearness of the night with a possibility of being seen by passersby only added to the excitement.With practiced skill, my wife removed her bra while leaving her shirt on. Her sweatpants dropped to reveal glimpses of heaven. She reclined the seat as I watched her fingers caress her legs, wrapping around the shape of her pussy, and slowly ascending to her breasts.The sun was now down, allowing for the full moon to cast its sensual light over my wife’s bare skin. I had to touch her. Had to feel her. Had to hold and caress her.Moving to her side of the car, I took her seat and moved it all the way back, allowing her to straddle my still-clothed lower body. I looked around, making sure no one could see. My hands felt at her sides as I raised her shirt to reveal the holiness that is her breasts.Slowly, my tongue and my hands coordinated their moves, massaging her breasts as my tongue glided towards her nipples. They hardened in my mouth and my cock raised in anticipation. She removed her shirt as she arched her back.She was completely naked. My hands reached around her ass, feeling for the moisture of her vagina from behind. Each hand took a turn as my mouth continued to play with her breasts.With my cock now in full erection, I began thrusting my hips into her crotch, using the movement to help me lower my pants. She responded with rocking motions, her wet pussy gliding along my cock, waiting for entry.Time stood still as we embraced. We shared a gentle kiss, and then another, our tongues touching as we pulsed.I reached down to my cock as she lifted her hips to allow for maximum penetration. The entry was pure ecstasy as her wetness encouraged me. The moonlight reflected on her skin as we moved in unison with one goal, sharing love. She continued to ride as I continued to thrust. The passion, the love, the excitement only grew as we each hoped for completion. My mind was numb as the pulsing of my cock released and I came. She continued until she was fulfilled.With love complete, we continued the embrace with gratitude for our alone time and the memories of the full moon and the passion it ignites.