This post mentions anal play (A).On the way home from Christmas vacation, a snowstorm made us pull over into a hotel. We were horny as ____. The only problem was that we had our teenage sons with us. We were in a king-size bed, and our boys slept on the pull-out couch and trundle bed on the other side of a half-wall. What could we do without making a sound? My husband turned on a Netflix movie as a sound barrier. Then I put my head under the covers and went to work onhishead.The next morning, we both were hungry for more. He tried to whisper to me, but I was afraid we’d wake the boys. so we grabbed our phones and started texting. Here’s the thread:He: I need to get you home to our own bed so I can lock the door and do some 6/9 positioning.Me: That’s what I thought you said, but I wondered if I was dreaming.He: You were not dreaming.Me: I need you in my mouth… I need to be in yours.He: Penny, You are SO SEXY! I love feeling all over you and having you feel all over me! I LOVED it last night when you typed that you wanted my hand on your nipples. And when you pulled down your zipper ❤️Me: Lol! I loved you touching my nipples and sucking on my titties. I need you to be able to do that as hard as possible. I need my tongue in your mouth. I need to make sounds.He: DAMN!Me: I do want to suck the cum out of your penis! I want to swallow it.He: I’m going to put open bullets ▢ beside each of these so we can check them off one by one!Me: I would LOVE to have your tongue in my mouth right now! That felt so good last night!He: And when you put your hand on my balls and anus while you were sucking my penis I was in heaven!I thought last night was great! Then my baby started feeling me again this morning and using the word “need” !!!Me: Lol! If we are checking things off, I want your penis grazing my butthole while your hand is vigorously working over my clit.I want to sit on you like a cowgirl and ride.He: I almost wondered if my penis was in your butthole last night, and if it had been,I wouldn’t have been able to stop. It felt extra good!Then you said it was at a good spot. We’ve got to recreate that.Right now I just want to lick all over your vagina lips and suck your clit.I want to feel the sweat on your chest and hear you groan and moan.Me: Oh, I knew what you meant. I can imagine you licking my lips now and teasing me the way you do. Bring it On! I could use some butt-kissing before that.He: I LOVE kissing your butt! Glad you put it on the list. And this hand on my penis…ICannotGetENOUGH!Me: I could put this whole thread on Marriage Heat!He: What can I do for you Now!?Me: My problem is my vagina juices smell.He: That’s like perfume to me, but I understand. I just want to give you whatever I can.Btw, this touching of my penis is something we need to incorporate on the regular… during movies, during the football games, during dinner. And that thigh on my penis… WOW! That needs to be how I fall asleep each night.Me: 🤣😂I’m going to take a picture of what things look like under the sheets.