A Response to “Solo Fun” by ThePassionatePastorsWifeAfter my lovely wife kissed me goodbye and headed off to work, I found myself with a bit of free time. Nestled back in bed, I decided to browse the latest entries on Marriage Heat.To my delight, there it was: “Solo Fun,” penned by none other than my favorite anonymous author, The Passionate Pastor’s Wife! Her captivating tale instantly drew me in with a vivid description of a steamy audiobook that piqued her arousal. Then my own arousal was piqued as she expressed the erotic pleasure she experiences while giving her husband head.“I love how his smooth hardness feels in my mouth. I feel his ridges with my tongue and his silky precum tastes so good,” she confessed.Her words stirred a primal arousal within me, the blood pulsating to every inch of my hardening manhood.Continuing to read, I immersed myself in her sensual journey as she revealed the raw intensity building between her thighs, and the peaking sensitivity of her hardened nipples. Shedding her garments and tossing them carelessly into the nearby hamper, she stood full nude, consumed by yearnings that she knew her Passionate Pastor wouldn’t want her to ignore. Yearnings that demanded gratification.Succumbing to her urges, she satisfied her sensual desires with the help of some delightful playthings, including a nipple stimulator and a clit sucker. In no time at all, she rode wave after wave of orgasmic ecstasy, eventually finishing face-down on the bedroom floor, with her ass arched invitingly upward. What a vivid and visceral image she painted. Her story was so well written that I felt virtually transported into her bedroom, witnessing every salacious moment.By the time I finished reading her torrid account, my throbbing cock was aching for attention. Burrowing my hand beneath my fabric of my waistband, I teased my swollen head, feeling the wetness gather at its tip. Massaging my erect member, I coaxed out droplets of precum that glistened before cascading down my shaft. Using my thumb, I smeared it all around like a lubricant.Quickly, I reached for some nearby oil and pressed down on the spout, pumping it into my palm. I wrapped my hand around my thick cock, coating it with the slippery substance. I could feel the smooth hardness and veiny ridges that The Passionate Pastor’s Wife described as I began stroking up and down.Craving visual stimulation, I adeptly opened a video file on my phone. There she was: The Passionate Pastor’s Wife. In living color. The short video clip, captured on our anniversary, featured my ravenous wife, adorned in crimson lace that beckoned to be explored. Seeing her supple shape and tantalizing tits drove me wild. She kneeled over me, my engorged cock at full attention in front of her. She smiled wickedly at the camera, then bent down and began devouring my dick. Her tongue danced around my shaft and head as she bobbed up and down.As she consumed my cock with fervor, my own grip tightened, syncing my strokes with her motions on screen. My breath sharpened, and the tension built in my balls as I neared a crescendo. A sudden gasp parted my lips and my hand filled with a creamy flood as I erupted with sweet release. Drops of warm, white cum rolled over the back of my hand as my breathing slowed and my stroking gradually came to a stop.I just laid there for a moment, reveling in my Passionate Pastor’s Wife and all her sensuous glory. She was right: “Solo fun is sure nice,” I mused, “but I can’t wait to get my hands on the real thing.”