Belle and Drew had been looking forward to a relaxing date night on Christmas Eve Eve. Plans for movies and sleeping and fucking by the fire were unfortunately extinguished with a fight over gifts and gatherings as the Christmas pressure reached its maximum. Deflated, they retired for the evening, with neither of them getting the release they wanted.Morning came, and the tension could still be sensed from the fallout the night before. Drew went to work in the garage, and Belle spent time making Christmas cookies.After a while, Drew was stopped in his tracks when his phone dinged, announcing a picture of his knockout wife wearing little more than bright RED lipstick. The accompanying message asked that he meet her in the RED room!Drew knew what was about to go down as his member rose up. Entering the room, he found Belle in only a T-bar G-string, sitting on her knees at the end of the bed, with her black hair in a braid falling down her back.Stripping down, Drew offered his hard-on to Belle. She shoved him to the bed on his back and kissed his neck and torso, leaving a RED trail of satisfaction down to his waiting cock. Belle wasted no time, swallowing his hard-on deep in her mouth.Belle bobbed up and down as Drew moaned, enjoying his wife’s blow job skills. She continued to work her magic as he grabbed her head and set the tempo, fucking her face. But then Drew lifted her off, and Belle crawled up his body to suck his neck as he ran his hand down her back. Reaching her tight ass and feeling her G-string, he spanked her, and she moaned, biting his neck again. Drew ran his nails up and down her back before spanking her again.With that, Belle moved back down to Drew’s throbbing cock and started giving him the attention he deserved. She worked the tip with her tongue and grabbed his balls with her other hand. Drew lay back, enjoying the view of his sexy-ass wife working his cock, until Belle moaned into his cock that she wanted his cum. Hearing those wonderful words, Drew moaned but wasn’t ready to blow just yet. Instead, he grabbed his cock-sucking wife and pulled her close, kissing her lips. He loved running his hands all over her tight body, feeling every sensation as his tongue danced deep in her mouth.“Fuck”, Belle called out as she ventured lower to finish her man. “Give me your cum,” she ordered while Drew pumped his cock and Belle worked the tip with her tongue. As he gazed at her hot tits and her RED lips wrapped around his cock, it was more than enough for Drew to shoot his shot into his wife’s hungry mouth.Afterward, Belle and Drew cuddled up, wondering why they ever bothered to fight in the first place.