(L) – This story contains strong language.I suppose I should clarify that the below poem was inspired by my musically named wife… and that loving her—and previous loving ON her body—had inspired the poem.“My Melody”My Melody’s love really singsAs we do such erotic thingsHer boobies are greatIn their fully aroused stateOur love is way more than a flingHer eyes are specked with goldLooking into them never gets oldHer cute little doll faceWith beauty is lacedI’m so grateful to have her to holdI love her pussy to gently tickleAlthough her body can be rather fickleBut in our sexy funI help her to cumAnd I happily bury my pickleHer nipples are beauty in the extremeLike two ripe raspberries they seemAnd her skin is so smoothIt gets me in the grooveLoving her is a wonderful dreamI know that I’ll love her for all timeI am glad I am hers and she’s mineShe was first my friendNow our love never endsThat’s why I’m inspired to write this rhyme**********I wrote part of the poem in my mind as I was in that twilight zone between sleep and waking up. It was a planned sex day, so my subconscious was just plain horny I guess. I quickly wrote part of the poem down before we got out of bed.I whistled and cheered when Melody got undressed for her shower. During my shower, more verses to my poem came to me. After both of us had showered, we were making out nude on the bed, and I paused the make out session to recite my new poem to my wife. She clearly was the inspiration. The poem apparently warned her heart (and her pussy), because things quickly turned to more sexual fun. But my Melody was SO beautiful and sexy that I had to take some nude pictures for our secure photo app.“I am always amazed that I get to love all of you,” I said. “Your soul, your brilliant mind, and of course your gorgeous, sexy body!”I tongue-flicked her titty some more, then added, “Our friendship, our partnership raising our kids, working together—they all make the sex more meaningful!”“It has been pretty fun!” she said. “I’m glad we got to work together in the same lab for a few years!”We kissed more but, had to be careful for both of our sakes. I had accidentally bit my lip last night, and her chemo pills sometimes give her mouth sores. (That also means oral sex was off the sex menu this morning, but we know how to enjoy the rest of the menu!)I orally loved on her nipples, and manually played too. I coated her pussy with coconut oil, then did more boobie lovin’. Next I inserted her G spot vibe fully into her pussy, which was coated with coconut oil AND her own juices, which had started running.I went to resume the oral titty fun, but she asked, “What are you doing? It’s my turn to suck YOUR nipples!”Of course she does far more to my man-nips than just sucking. I used my vibrating stroker as she licked and sucked on my left nipple. She also squeezed and stroked my balls, and I quickly went to full mast.Seeing how hard I’d gotten, Melody paused her oral attention on my nipple and said, “If you can cum, you should!”But I had other ideas, so I moved to her left side and did “tip on nip,” stroking my rod as I rubbed my engorged glans (or tip) on her nipple (or nip).By now she had slid the G spot vibrator out of her pussy and was buzzing her clit with a bullet vibe. She was clearly going nuts over this. She squirmed and sighed deeply.So I asked her, “Do you want me to fuck your cunt? Do you want me to fuck your pussy?”“Yes!” she insisted. “I want you to fuck me!”Our sex sessions often have a funny pattern. So I went to slide into our “X position,” with me on my right side with my dick targeting her pussy, and her on her back offering said pussy to me. As I did this, I had a heart failure coughing fit and got tangled up in my oxygen tubing. Rather than get upset, we just laughed when I said, “Back to the left tit penis pump!”“Works every time,” Melody quipped as she cupped around her boobie to offer me her swollen nipple.So of course I slid up to her left side and resumed feasting on her left raspberry. No kidding, I was hard again in less than 30 seconds!I reassumed the X position and slid my cock inside her wet, swollen pussy. I swear her pussy was pulsating like she was already coming! She used her very advanced Kegel muscle skills to hug my erection, and she used her loop-handled vibe to buzz both of us – buzzing her clit and pussy, AND buzzing my cock through her vaginal walls.I had planned on going slow at first, but I lost all control and began fucking her with great gusto. That was actually what she wanted. She loves a good pounding fuck! And that’s what I gave her.She said afterward that she’s protecting her investment by goading me into giving her a fast pounding because she knows that I’ll come pretty fast. And with my advancing heart failure, fast fucking for a short amount of time is safest for me.  And, of course, ever since our honeymoon she has loved being fucked exuberantly!Soon I came explosively and filled up her pussy! Then I slid back up to her left side. I dipped two fingers into her leaking pussy and rubbed our mutual juices on her left raspberry, then went to town, aggressively orally loving on one nipple, then the other.As the poem says, her boobies are great, but her body can be fickle. Sometimes, before or after intercourse, when I orally attack her nipples, she cums in less than a minute. Yet other times it takes half an hour. Today was the latter.“I’m not complaining,” I tell her, “because it means I get more playtime with your beautiful breasts.”As I orally and manually ministered to her boobs, I said a silent prayer asking that she would be able to have a nice orgasm— as intense as the one I had just experienced.As this sexy time went on, I started to pump my rod as I simultaneously sucked and tongue-flicked her tits.“I keep getting close, but don’t get there,” she complained. But only a minute later, her back arched off the bed as her internal electrical earthquake rocked her body. What a beautiful sight! I got even harder!So as she came down from Nirvana, I went back into our X position and we fucked some more! I love those lingering orgasmic pulsations when I plow her pussy right after she’s come! But alas, my heart couldn’t handle it. So I slid back up to feast on raspberries again. Then we tried intercourse again. It felt great, but although I got close to cumming inside her again, my heart just couldn’t handle it.“Try Julia,” Melody suggested. “But I gotta go pee first,” she added.Julia is my wife’s name for her alter ego, which is my vibrating stroker that I’d already used today in foreplay.When Melody returned to our marriage bed, she crawled nude towards me, licking her lips.“Ah, the dreaded crawl!” I said.I laid on my back as my skillful, sexy wife again ministered orally to my nipples. As I pumped Julia, Melody would intermittently pause her sucking to talk for Julia.“Oooo! This is so fun Tommy! I love riding your cock!” (Because of her back surgery, this is the only way my Melody can ride my cock; as Julia.) Melody again alternately squeezed and stroked my balls.I had to pace myself. Even a year ago, two or more orgasms were the rule in our lovemaking sessions, but that was then and this is now. No worries; I came in a second explosion of white-hot cum. I got both of us.We both laughed as we used microfiber cloths to clean up. We kissed and verbally expressed our love for each other.“It’s an honor to love all of you,” I said. “But right now, I’m rather obsessed with your beautiful, smooth skin, your gold-flecked eyes, your lovely breasts, your caressing cunt, and your pulsating pussy.”I had to lay there for a few minutes to recover. Melody gave me a final flash of boobs as she got dressed for church.You may find this sex story kinda Vanilla, but this was Rocky Road to us! We really have learned to celebrate what we CAN do.Later today, I was thinking that if anyone asked me what the best sex Melody and I have ever had was, I would say it’s today’s lovemaking session.Yes, honeymoon sex, and more recently role play sex, has been exceptional. But our sexual relationship just seems to have become more and more fulfilling. I give credit to God for that. His plan for a happy marriage includes passion-filled sex. And every sexy thing we did this morning was all lovemaking!As the poem says, we were good friends first, before the romantic feelings arrived. And I can’t overstate how nice it is to make love to your best friend. I know we are seniors, but when we are in a lovemaking session, to me, she always looks like a bride in her twenties!I hope you find the true tales of our sexy, long-term marriage inspirational. Know that in so many ways, love conquers all!