(A) – This story contains brief analingus.(L) – This story contains strong language.I had just brought myself to an orgasm after making Cal erupt from a fun road head session. Cal pulls off the main highway onto a service road. I’d just picked him up from the airport and we got pretty naughty. For that read The Long Way Home: Part One.I can’t express to you how fucking excited I am at this moment. Cal is pulling over and he asks, “Are you ready to get fucked?”Biting my lip, I straddle him before he comes to a complete stop. “I need you, I need you so bad.”I reach down and grab his large cock. Lowering myself down on him, he grabs my hips and stops my descent. He’s playing with me, just as his large circumcised head is about to enter my longing pussy.“What did you miss most about my cock?” he asks, gripping my hips.“I’m about to show you,” I say and manage to slide down a bit further, more of him entering me.“Fuck, you’re tighter than I remember,” he says. He slaps my ass, then his other hand releases me and I fall onto his large, thick, veiny cock. Both our mouths are wide open with pleasure. He feels so fucking huge—and I know I feel tight for him.I bring my hands to my tits and fondle myself as I start bouncing on my husband. Other than having his cock out, he’s fully clothed. I want—desire—needthat fact to change. But what he’s wearing makes it impossible to strip him in this position.He takes over fondling my breasts and pulls a nipple into his mouth as I put one hand on the ceiling and lean back, accidentally honking the horn. Nobody is out here on this road, so I don’t care; every few bounces I hit the horn.“I want to see your body, baby,” I say through panting breaths as I try to lift his shirt.“You know I love when you’re naked and I’m—” I know what he’s about to say, and I cut him off by kissing him passionately. We have a businessman role play where he stays dressed. But this is not that, and I don’t care. I’ve gone with only pictures of his body for weeks. I need the real thing.I open the door to the Tahoe, climb off of his cock, and guide him outside.The sun is still high enough in the sky that anyone passing by would have gotten a view of a small but sensual brunette rushing naked out of a Tahoe.As soon as Cal is out, I pull his shirt off of him and attack his pecs and abs with my mouth.“Mmm. I missed your body so much.” I bend over and lick his cock from balls to tip and slurp it in deep. He tastes so good with my juices all over his dick. Then I come back up and take him to the back of the Tahoe. After lifting the gate, I slide the rest of his pants and boxers off so he’s just as naked as me. I hop in the back and move his bags out of the way. The seats are already down—I was thinking ahead. I get out again and grab hold of his manhood with both my hands and look up at him longingly.He lowers his head and kisses me. I stroke him and start sucking his tongue—all I can think is that I finally have him back.“Lay down,” I say, pointing into the SUV.“Well yes ma’am.” Cal scoots into the Tahoe and lays back. He’s so muscular. Not like buff, but super toned. I crawl in after him and spread his legs. I grab hold of his cock and stroke it some more then I lower myself down and suck his balls into my mouth. He already came, but I want more, so I’m making more! Or at least I hope I am.“You’re so big,” I say to his cock as I lick and suck his balls. I spit on his shaft and say, “I missed you so much.”“What was that babe?” Cal asks.“I’m having a conversation with your cock,” I say, then address his dick between licks again. “You make me feel so good. You want my pussy? You want it bouncing on you? Yeah, it wants you too.”I climb over Cal, kissing his impressive body the entire way up. Then I reach down and position his cock. This time there’s nothing slow. The second we’re aligned, I push back and Cal thrusts forward. He’s so big! I slide up and down his shaft as he pumps back and forth.And we are fucking way too fast for me to even try to caress his face. I fall forward and bite his shoulder as he stills me by grabbing my hips and just pumps himself up and down.“Cum for me, Cindy,” Cal says.“You want me to gush all over your cock, daddy?” I moan through his thrusting. I love how he can take control even when I’m on top.“Yeah, let me feel you tighten around me and cum,” he orders.I squeeze my pussy and reach down to my clit. I rub as he holds his cock deep in me.This is so hot. We’ve had plenty of sex in this Tahoe, but there’s something about sex after going so long without it that makes me extra hungry for him.“That’s it, my nasty little slut,” Cal says as he slides fingers into my mouth.I’m so close. I roll my tongue around his fingers then push them out of my mouth.“Fill me up,” I beg him.“Yeah you want my load, baby,” he says and grabs my throat with one hand and my left breast with his other hand.“Daddy, fuck, daddy,” I start squirming and fall over Cal again. This time I can’t control my body and my pussy gushes as my legs begin shaking.I scream louder than I have in a very long time. I’m drenched in sweat and feel a bead fall from my forehead and watch it land on Cal’s cheek.“You’re—” I catch my breath, “—a fucking monster.”He slowly rolls his hips back and forth and it’s like sensational torture as every movement from him is heightened from the orgasm I just experienced.“You’re so beautiful,” he says as he rubs my face.“I need you to cum in me,” I beg through a labored whisper.Without warning, he grabs my hair and pulls me off of him. I scream in excitement. By controlling just my hair I’m suddenly facing the back of the open Tahoe watching cars drive by us on the highway below our position. He takes my arms out from under me and puts them behind my back. Then he lifts my hips off the ground and buries his face in my ass.Then to my perfect torment he lowers himself to my pussy and slides his tongue into me. He moves back and forth from ass to pussy. I manage to find his cock with my feet and rub slightly as he feasts on my ass and pussy.He grabs my hair again and I feel him positioning himself over me. He pulls harder, then pushes his cock into my pussy and somehow he feels even bigger. His massive hands hold my ass in place as he pounds my sweet pussy.His pumping gets slower but harder and his grip on my hair tightens as he pulls me further back, causing me to arch my back and hold myself up.Then he growls and pumps hard. I feel warmth flood my pussy and semen coat the walls of my cunt. He’s still cumming. Fucks yes. He slaps and grabs at my ass as he pumps more into me. I push my ass back making sure it’s all mine.“There’s my little cum slut,” He says to me as I roll my hips, trying to get anything he might still have in him.I look back at him, “Welcome back, daddy.”“Do you have to work tomorrow?” he asks as he’s still in me.“Nope, I’m planning on serving you all day long.”He pulls out and climbs over me to exit the Tahoe. I grab his cock and slip my body forward, pulling his delicious, softening, cum-covered cock into my mouth. I manage to pull out the smallest amount of cum still in him. Then I lick his shaft clean and kiss the tip.He grabs his pants from the ground and slips back into them before sitting on the back of the Tahoe.“You’re incredible,” he tells me, then looks back down the length of my body.“Takes one to know one,” I say.“Want to find a spot and sleep under the stars?” he asks.“Babe, I literally only brought that hoodie and those shorts. I don’t have a change of clothes and my panties are totally a mess.”“Put them on for me,” he commands.I spin around and reach into the front of the SUV and grab my thong. I make sure he sees the front of my body as I slip back into the panties.We watch as the sun begins to set, then we get back into the front of the car. I throw my hoodie on, and we begin to discuss what to do for the night.(Stay tuned for part three!)