Hello,For right now I will go by J on this forum. I’ve been browsing this website for a few years but I’ve never really interacted, just been on the sidelines. I have recently been going through a mental/physical/spiritual crisis when it comes to sexual desire and my urges I face on a daily basis. I want to use my first post to really just introduce myself and share my story until this point. Thank you for reading this.I am 21 years old. I have been raised in a Christian home, my father is a pastor and I love the Lord Jesus Christ. I thank Him for saving me from my sins through His death and resurrection on the third day. I workout constantly—I love the gym. I have a job, and I’m working towards getting going into my real adulthood. And I am single. I’ve been single my whole life.I pray for God to put a woman in my life, and I continue daily to try to improve my life and position so I can be the best man I possibly can be. I will admit it’s very hard sometimes. I have been rejected, put in the friendzone—I just don’t have the best success when it comes to women. I’m trying my best to be patient, but I can’t lie, it’s hard sometimes. But I’m continuing to pray.My struggle lately is in regard to porn and masturbation. I was exposed to porn when I was 11 years old, and I engaged in watching it through my teen years, knowing it was wrong, but I struggled with breaking free. To this day I still go through phases. And I will admit I have used MarriageHeat to edge or release. I’m on the fence about masturbation, especially when it comes to masturbation with porn versus MarriageHeat. They both would be the same in nature, I guess.I just want a woman. I recognize it may not be time, but I’m just struggling. And I am a very horny guy. I want to have sex, but I want to honor God, I do not want to be in sin. I’m just venting here.I’m thinking about using this forum to share my thoughts and fantasies about my future (if that’s allowed). I thank y’all for reading and understanding. Please pray for me, and if you have any advice, whether single or married, please feel free to share. Thank you.