Justine was alone on the couch with one empty bottle of wine, and a second bottle open as well.  She sat there looking at old photos of herself when she was much younger and a model.  The pics were from a shoot in Hawaii, where she had done a bikini layout.  It was her first really big job for a very popular magazine.  This would also be one of her last photo shoots.In the photos, she was a young, stunning, beautiful girl.  She was the perfect model at 5’9″, 110 pounds, and 36dd-24-30.  During the week-long shoot, she was seduced by the photographer, and Justine ended up giving herself to him.  Things were great until the end of the month, when she found she was pregnant.  She lost him and her connections to modeling.She lived with her Mom for a couple years until her money ran out. Then her mom kicked her and her daughter out.  It was a struggle for her to be a mom and provide. Hitting bottom one day, she ended up in a church. Hearing God speak for the first time started her on the upward climb.  She met Austin at church. He was 30 years old, and she was 35.  They dated for over a year, fell in love, and were married once her daughter graduated high school.They had an incredible marriage for several years until she had health problems. She lost some of the figure that she thought defined her.  She fell into a depression, and their marriage struggled. They separated.Now, on her 50th birthday, she was wallowing in self-pity and wine when her phone rang.“Good evening, My Love, and Happy Birthday. I love you!”Though separated for two years, Austin never missed a morning or evening to text that he loved her.  She rarely if ever responded, not because she didn’t love him but because she didn’t feel worthy of his love.  Tonight was different. She texted him back “Thank you” but couldn’t bring herself to say I love you.They started texting back and forth, nothing heavy but talking for the first time.  She heard God’s voice again, and her heart felt warm and pounded out of her chest. She asked, ” Can you come over?”  There was a long pause then a knock at the door.Justine opened the door and saw Austin standing there with her favorite flowers.  “I was in the neighborhood.”She jumped into his arms, and they hugged.  He came inside and noticed all the photos that he never truly knew anything about.  She opened up, and starting from the beginning, told him everything she’d kept hidden.  Austin got to the more revealing and sexy posed shots and found himself getting hard.“Is this time in your life that you have been judging yourself on?”“Yes,” she responded.“Justine, in these photos I see a young, naive, and lost girl.  She’s far from the woman I fell in love with, who was strong, confident, and beautiful inside and out.  And as I see you now, NONE of that has changed!” He paused, then continued, “Well, I’m wrong about that. You’re even more beautiful now.”She started to cry. “How could I have been so selfish to ruin our marriage?”“You didn’t. The last time I checked, we were still married, and I still wear my ring.” And he smiled to see her ring still on her finger, too.“Austin, I wish I’d known you back then,” Justine said as she looked at the sexy photos.  Austin placed his hand on her shoulder.“I don’t care about back then.  God brought us together and has kept us together.  It’s God’s plan.”  He slid his hands to her face and held her gently as he pressed his lips to hers. They trembled as they kissed softly, but soon harder.  He pulled back and they both gasped for air.Justine stumbled to her feet and held her hand out. “Come with me.”Austin stood and could fairly hear both their hearts pounding as she led him down the hall. As they neared the bedroom door, he had to ask. “Are you sure?”Stopping them both, she pushed herself against him and kissed him. Her strong passion took his breath away as she pressed him into the wall.  She pulled away and pulled him to their bed.  Lying down, she pulled him with her, and they entangled their arms, kissing hot and passionately.Slowly, Austin slid his hand between them, unbuttoned her blouse, and pushed it open. This revealed her beautiful mature breasts he swore were larger in the two years since he last touched them. He squeezed them through her bra, and she softly moaned.  He leaned down and kissed her neck, chest, and the exposed area of her breasts.“That feels nice.  And you want and love me, don’t you?”  Austin squeezed her harder and pulled the cups down to expose her breasts, her nipples long and hard.  Softly he ran his fingers over her nipples as he pushed her onto her back.  Austin began pinching, twisting, and pulling her nipples.  Justine was moaning and wiggling on the bed.“Oh Austin, yes.”  She’d forgotten how much she loved nipple play.  Her pussy was getting hot and wet as he licked, kissed, and bit her nipples, each in turn.He slid his hand down to her skirt, unbuttoned it on her hip, and slowly pushed the zipper down.  She lifted her hips, allowing him to pull her skirt off. He paused and stared at her white lace panties, which were as soaked as her wet thighs.  Austin got on his knees and pulled his polo off.Justine moaned at the sight of his toned body.  Lifting her hips again, she peeled her panties off and removed her bra.  Panting, she watched as he stood to remove his pants.  His cock sprung out, long and thick, and she shivered in hungry. “I forgot how beautiful you are, baby,” she said.Austin knelt between the legs she spread welcomingly. Leaning down, he kissed her deeply as he grabbed his cock and guided it into her pussy.  He’d always thought her pussy was amazingly tight.  But she felt tighter after two years apart, and her wet walls pulsed around his cock as he slowly stretched her.  Justine thrashed under him, crying out when he filled her completely.Her pussy was so snug, slick and hot. He gradually pulled out all the way and then slowly fed her his cock again and again. He built up speed and force with each thrust.“Yes, yes, fuck me, yes.” Her words added fuel to Austin’s fire. He drove his cock to the bottom, pressing her into the bed with each thrust.Justine wrapped her arms and legs around Austin, thrusting and grinding into him with each move. She was giving him as much as she was getting.  Her body was shaking and trembling as her belly quivered and her pussy tingled and pulsed around his cock. Crying out as her body went limp, she felt her sweet nectar gush and flow like a river around his pistoning cock.Austin moaned loudly and pushed in fully as he erupted deep in his wife’s pussy, filling her with his cum and mixing it with hers.  Then he collapsed and rolled off her.  Justine, still shaking and coming down from her orgasm, rolled onto his body and laid her head on his chest.  Her hand slid down, grabbed his semi-hard, cum-covered cock, and slowly stroked him.“Welcome home, baby.”