Note from author: the following is a fictional account of what I hope might happen the morning after my wedding night.  Enjoy!I was coming out of a delicious, deep sleep.  Then I sensed something.  My cheek was pressed against a wall of warm, hard skin.  My hand was lying contentedly on a firm, hairy chest.  Inching my head sideways, I found my face close to that of a handsome, dark-haired man.  He was sleeping, his jaws relaxed.  What in the world?And then the wonders of yesterday—and last night—came flooding back to ignite me with glorious feelings and memories and hopes.  The man next to me was my husband; this was our honeymoon.  As I settled back into the crook of his shoulder, loving the heat of his strong arm circling me, I felt my heart jump joyfully.  This was how it felt to wake up in my husband’s arms.  I’d forgotten that I was naked, and so was he, and the sensation of his long, lithe, muscular build close to mine thrilled me.  It was both soothing and exciting.All the sleepiness had fled from my eyes, and I lifted myself in order to stare at my husband.  He had such a classic face, one you don’t see much these days, with a firm jawline and perfect nose and dark, low brows.  His hair, almost black in its rich darkness and culminating in a very distinguished widow’s peak, fell messily over his forehead.  I brushed it gently back, in love with his hair and how it felt between my fingers.  He kept himself cleanly shaved, knowing how I like him that way, and the determined planes of his lean face won me all over again.I couldn’t keep my lips away from his tan cheek or strong, sensual mouth.  Oh, how his mouth had worked wonders on me last night! I shivered as I recalled the ecstasy he’d brought me to and softly kissed his lips.I was half-lying over him, my legs straddling his thigh, and one of my hands wandered over his hip and towards that part of him that had felt like velvet steel inside of me.  He was limp right now, but the fullness of him was so erotic to me.  I felt my body growing hot and tense, and I started to grind my aching mound on his thigh.He stirred, and I felt his hand on my back.  In his half-conscious state, he pressed me closer into his body, then sighed a little and tried to open his eyes.  When they met mine, I couldn’t help smiling at him.  He smiled back.“What a way to wake up: kissed by a beautiful naked woman,” he said in a wonderfully husky morning voice.  “Good morning, wife.”I blushed, loving every aspect of this moment.  “Good morning, husband.  You… you were just looking so terribly sexy that I couldn’t keep my hands off you.”“Or your mouth, or other parts of you,” he rejoined, nudging his thigh up so it rubbed my now moist vulva.  The touch made my belly clench.“Oh, baby,” was all I could murmur before I took his mouth again.Now that he was more awake, his desire was rising just as mine was.  First, he pulled me onto him so that our bodies connected as much as possible.  We kept kissing as his hands slid down my back and kneaded my soft buttocks.  I moaned.  His touch there was so good, and I had discovered that my butt is a pleasure zone, especially for massage.I resumed grinding on him since his cock was pinned between us.  It got easier, and much more enjoyable, as my wetness lubricated him and made it slick and simmering.  The humping felt awesome, but I did want more.  I wanted to repeat last night’s experience, which had been our first time making love.  It was a little awkward, and we giggled a few times, but to be this close and intimate with each other had been so erotic that we never once thought of being embarrassed.  Now, it seemed that we were even more comfortable together, ready to try anything and eager to give pleasure.“Am I crushing you?” I asked softly, pausing in my gyrations.“A girl as slim as you? You feel great on me,” he grinned sexily.  “The only place I like you better is under me.”My belly twisted deliciously at the insinuation, and I wanted him in charge.  “That could be arranged, handsome.”  I slipped off and lay beside him, and he quickly came over me.  First, he kissed my mouth, then my neck, his fingers laced with mine.  Then he dropped his head to my small, taut breasts and sucked the nipples to hardness.  I loved his warm wet mouth on my skin.“Please, baby, I have to feel you again,” I implored, pulling him close.“Last night wasn’t enough, eh?” he teased, maneuvering between my thighs.“I don’t think a whole life will be enough,” was my answer.He was at full hardness now, and I peeked down with fresh awe to look at his alluring cock.  Last night had been very instructive as I saw, for the first time in person, a man’s penis Then with his guidance, I had proceeded to touch it, stroke it, suck it…That magical tool slid along my juicy labia right then and cut off my thoughts.  My husband, who had sat back on his heels to align himself with me, fell forward again and, with slow, measured strokes, rubbed up and down my starving slit.“Oh my God, you feel so good.  You’re so wet,” he murmured, his lips an inch from mine.“You make me wet,” I gasped out, loving the squishiness of what was going on below.  I like wetness in my masturbation, and it was even better in lovemaking.“Ready for me?” he asked with that sweet patience I’d already experienced with him.“Yes.”  My hands darted around and clasped his hard butt so I could pull him in.He shoved forward, but I was back to my original tightness.  Another try and still no success.  So my man reached down and prepared the way with his fingers.  I wanted to cry—it felt so good, so titillating.  He stroked and smeared my honey and lazily extended a finger into me, then curled it and rubbed a spot inside my canal that felt very close to my bladder.  I liked the tension in that area.  Someday I hoped I would learn to squirt.We were kissing, since I couldn’t keep away from his handsome face and appealing mouth.  I felt like I didn’t have enough hands to touch him in all the places that deserved to be touched: his hair, his cheeks, his neck, his arms, his back… they were all so exactly what I wanted and needed in a man, and I loved every square inch of him.I noticed when his fingers deserted my hungry cunt.  He grabbed his firm meat, pressed it against my opening again, and manually pushed.  It hurt, but he did make some headway.“It doesn’t hurt, sweetheart, does it?” he asked considerately in between drugging kisses.“I don’t mind.  Keep going,” I encouraged.  I was dying to be one with him again.He wanted it, too, if the veins in his biceps and the slight quiver in his hand were any indications.  I lifted my hips to further open my pelvis for him, and he crammed himself into me with one long, final thrust.I realized I was sore, which was not a surprise after several sessions of intercourse last night, but the knowledge that we were really making love was so much more engulfing than any feeling of pain.  I just wanted all of him, and I couldn’t care less about the discomfort.“Good God… uh… oh, yes… nnnngggg…” my virile husband grunted out as he tentatively moved his hips.There’s no way to describe what he felt like inside me.  I couldn’t really sense him directly, but because he was fairly thick, I felt quite stretched, and when he moved, the friction between our pubic areas was very arousing.“You’re big, you know that?” I said, wanting to compliment him.He didn’t answer, but his eyes flashed with male pride and appreciation.“Grind on me,” I requested.  I liked that, at least for now, more than thrusting, because he could stimulate my entire vulva.In response, his heavy hips circled and glided with mine, creating heavenly heat.  I met him halfway and drew him in with my own seductive twisting.  And our lips kept meeting, sometimes closed, sometimes opening to more fully taste each other and touch our tongues and teeth.  I liked when he nipped at my bottom lip, and I did it back to him.  Even hotter was when he practically covered my whole mouth with his and blissfully nuzzled, as though he were eating me for dessert—or breakfast, rather.When he started moving faster, I knew he was nearing a boiling finish, and the thought made me rush close after him.  To think that being with me could make him lose all his control and his senses and strip his soul bare and draw out his creamy seed! I was drunk with the knowledge.  Even after experiencing it last night several times, I couldn’t take in how erotic this was.  My loins were clenching and I felt the muscles deep inside me start to burn.  Any second now, as he ground himself into me and pressed his hard body against my slender one and made me feel the heat and ice of rushing hormones, I was going to orgasm.His long moan, louder than any I’d heard so far, did it for me.  My body shook once, and I felt my cunt release all of its sex liquid.  He thrust a couple of times and cried out unintelligible words, then held himself up as his shaft twitched and pumped its load into me.“Oh, my God, baby,” he burst out in a winded whisper before he fell and captured my lips again.  “That was… incredible.”“I’ll say!” was my rejoinder.  I felt so tired and relaxed, enjoying the view of his sweaty chest quashing my breasts.  I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and kissed him with slow, tender kisses.  “Thank you for taking care of me.  You’re so gentle, and yet you’re so… potent,” and I gave him a coy look through my eyelashes.“As if I could do any less with this amazing woman God’s given me.  Baby, you’ve blest me and made me feel awesome in just a few hours! Thank you! I love you!” and he kissed me for a long moment.“I love you!” I whispered back.  This was truly paradise on earth.  I wished it never had to end.  Well, for two weeks, it wouldn’t, Lord willing.  I broke the kiss for a second and asked cheerfully, “Well, what do you want to do today, husband?”The way his mouth curved churned my stomach.  I couldn’t believe I was getting all hot for him again so soon.  He nibbled my neck.  “I’ve got lots of very good ideas.  How about we try some of them in that nice walk-in shower?”A hot shower sounded really good, but I was thinking of a hot shower of something else, and it was even more enticing.  Making sure I had regained my equilibrium, I got out of the bed and took his hand and pulled my handsome, naked hunk of man along with me to the bathroom.