Massage Sex Role Play:I walked into the massage salon.  I actually truly had a medical need – believe it or not.  I had pulled a muscle in my back and I was developing a small hernia in one of my lower abdominal muscles.  So my doctor recommended massage for both conditions.  By the way, my name is Rick.It was a small place, operated by one woman who went to the same church as me.  I knew her.  We had been good friends for years. We had been on the church activities committee together.  She was straightforward, and honest, but also very kind to others.  Oh, and did I mention that she was beautiful to me?  She had large beautiful green eyes and fine Scandinavian features and a beautiful curvy and well-proportioned figure.  Her name is Avery.Avery welcomed me in.  Her salon had a big open room and a bathroom with a shower & jetted tub.  There was also a bed and a small kitchenette because this was where Avery lived.  It was a combination studio apartment and massage business.  She also works 3 shifts a week at an orthopedic hospital – as a nurse.  The massage business is her side hustle.She greeted me with a brief hug and invited me to step into the bathroom to remove my clothing, take a quick shower, and come out wearing the provided robe.  I did so and I sat on the massage table.  It was in front of a big-screen TV.  It had a video of a tropical beach with waves rolling in.“Are you happy with this video?” Avery asked.  “I have many more to choose from.”“This is nice,” I honestly replied.  I was raised in Crescent City, California and I loved the ocean.“We could switch to a redwood forest scene,” she offered, knowing that I grew up near the Coastal Redwoods.“This will be fine,” I said.“So I finally got you in for a massage!” Avery teased.  “Too bad you had to injure your back to get a massage.”I smiled wryly.  Avery was also known for her wry sense of humor.“Well, lie down on your stomach and I will cover your pelvic area with a towel,” she said as she handed me the towel and turned away.“Towel is not necessary,” I said. My injury is in the lowest section of my back and you will need to massage there the most.  Besides, I grew up playing football,” I added.  “And you were a volleyball player and we both are health care professionals so we both know that a body is a body.”  (I am a Respiratory Therapist.)“Works for me,” she said.  And she walked over to her massage oil warmer and grabbed a bottle of warmed coconut oil.I was removing my clothing but I noticed that Avery was wearing a college volleyball shirt.  I also could see her lovely shape.  She was what I would call voluptuous.  She added a little weight after her college volleyball playing days but it was distributed in all the right places.“”I’d better not be thinkingthosethought before a massage,” I thought.Then Avery turned around.  The T shirt clung to her full beautifully shaped breasts. I was standing there in the nude staring at her.She smiled, “You can lay down now Rick.”I blushed, not from being nude but from being caught staring at her.  I laid down on the massage table and soon felt her warm oiled hands rest lightly on my back.Avery’s strong hands began to massage my middle back and she worked her way down to my lower back.  She had to massage my buttocks to get to the painful area.  (I had explained where my injury was when I made the appointment.)  Along with mentioning that I often had a stiff neck and a small hernia.As she massaged me she let something slip out under her breath, “What an attractive set of buns!”I have excellent hearing so I heard what she said.  “So you like my butt?” I asked in a teasing voice.“Oh, did I say that out loud?” she said.  “That was very unprofessional of me.  I am sorry.”I twisted my head around and saw that now SHE was blushing.  “Remember that I was a kicker,” I said.  “All that kicking built some nice buns I guess.”“It sure did,” mumbled Avery.  Then her skillful hands found the offending knot in my lower back.“Youch!” I said.  “That hurts.”“Try to relax,” she said in a soothing voice as her gifted hands worked out the knot.Soon the pain was relieved.  So eventually she moved to massage my thighs and mid back.“Mmmm..,” I said. “That just feels really nice.”Then Avery said, “Flip over so I can do your neck & work on that hernia gently.”I sighed but I again complied so now my full front was on display. Avery took my head in her hands and moved it side to side as she massaged my stiff neck.  But this position had given me a close-up of the underside of the clothed but shapely full breasts of my cute massage therapist.  And she had headlights!  Soon the stiffness left my neck and moved further south.Avery noticed and made another comment, “Oh my!” she exclaimed. “You are really big!”That comment turned up my internal heat and my erection trapped even more blood and I swelled to full size.Avery now pretended to not notice.  Her magic hands rubbed my pecs but to my pleasant surprise she focused on my nipples and my erection became even fuller.She moved down to my tummy and kept massaging me.  Then she slowly worked her way down and her hands  “accidentally” kept bumping into my erection that by now was pointing at my navel.“Oops, pardon me,” she said rather insincerely.  But then she got serious.  “You told me that you have a small groin hernia right near the right side of the base of your penis.  I will be carefully massaging it for a few minutes.She now was all professional as she massaged my hernia.  You’d expect the pain to distract me and soften my erection, but that is not exactly what happened.  My erection waned then it re-inflated.  It did this over and over again.  I knew that Avery noticed it but she was now staying professional.But when she finished working in my hernia she smiled and joked, “Your penis put on quite a show!”I nodded dumbly.With this kind of hernia I need to also gently massage your scrotum,” she explained. Being a nurse she knew what she was talking about.I again wordlessly nodded.She poured some warm oil on my sac & then took my scrotum into her hands and began to gently handle my balls.  I nearly came then and there!  I swear my erection had never been harder!After she finished with my scrotum she said with a glint in her eye, “You look like this organ could use some of my special attention.  I don’t give this special massage but for you, I can make an exception!”“P-please, I said, longing for her touch there.  But she surprised me by reaching for her shirt and pulling it up over her head.  She had been braless, hence the headlights.  She leaned over from the head of the bed over and cupped the side of one of her beautiful bounteous breasts for me to suckle and stimulate.   Then as I did so she gently but firmly leaned way over and wrapped her other hand around my shaft – then she began to pump me. She slid her hand up and down my well-oiled shaft and it felt absolutely aMAZing!Her touch was electric!  I emitted deep and pleasure-filled sighs.  Then she would switch which hand was on my cock and which hand was holding her boob to my mouth and of course switch boobs.   I continued to love in turn on each of her delectable nipples as she slid one of her hands up and down my shaft – being sure to rub my glans with each stroke.Then, to my surprise, she pulled away and stood up – only to step over to the side of the massage table to lean over to take my uber-hard erection into her mouth.  She alternatively licked and rubbed her lips on the underside of my glans.  Then she engulfed me and deep-throated my dick’s full length!  This was only the second time she had ever deep-throated me and it felt wonderful!After a few minutes of this, she pulled away but only slightly.  She re-oiled my penis with oil from my ball sac then she began to rub one nipple onto my tip.  As she did this very pleasant activity I reached over and pulled her leggings down.  Then I began to finger her pussy and clitoris.  I moved on to sliding my index finger in & out of her pussy while rubbing her clitoris with my thumb of the same hand.“Oooo that DOES feel nice!” she purred out.  Then after a couple of minutes, she slid her leggings the rest of the way off and climbed nude onto the massage table to straddle me.She positioned her vaginal opening over my hard erection and said, “I love to have you in my pussy Ricky!”“And I love to be there!” I happily admitted.Then as she slid down to have my organ enter her I began to pump my cock upwards.With a gasp of pure pleasure, she cried out, “YES! That DOES feel soooo good!”  Then she sort of repeated herself by saying, “I love having you deep in my pussy!”(I love how she says pussy!)After her riding me for 7 minutes I could hold off no longer.  My orgasm triggered an eruption up into her sweet pussy – filling her with creamy evidence of my love for her.  She was gasping and I could feel the orgasmic spasms of her pussy giving my cock the ultimate massage!You guessed it, Avery is my beautiful, erotic, & sexy wife!  We both sat on the edge of the massage table briefly, then I laid her down.  She opened her legs for me to lap up our mutual love from her juicy pussy!Then I handed her a bullet vibrator and I also inserted her G spot vibe up into her pussy.  I slid the G spot vibrator in and out for a minute – being sure it rubbed her G spot.   Then I pushed it in so the end disappeared and my Avery closed her legs to hold the G spot vibrator deep in her now very happy pussy.She surprised me by saying, “Move over here.”  Then she used her left hand to pull me closer,  by my hard penis, to her lively & lovely sex-charged, and beautiful face.  Then she turned her head to the side, facing me, and she again engulfed my excited dick back into her sexy mouth.  She stayed on her back and kept the vibrator on her clit using her right hand so she could not move her head a lot.  No problem though, I proceeded to make love to her mouth. What a sight and what a cacophony of sensations that was for me.  And for her too.  She was writhing as my rod moved in and out of her mouth and her vibe buzzed her pussy.  But I did not realize HOW turned on she was.After several minutes of me pumping deeply into her sexy mouth, she pulled back and said, “Please rub your tip on my nipples!”That was another request from my horny wife that I could not refuse!  So I stepped a little to one side – still by the massage table, and I began to rub the underside of the tip of my hardened erection on her closest nipple.  I did this while pumping away at my rod.  Avery was buzzing her clit with the bullet vibrator and sighing deeply.  She also began to say, “Thank you, thank you, Ricky!  Feels sooo gooood!”I stood on my toes so I could reach my tip over to her further nip for a minute then moved back to the closer one.I could tell how aroused she was.  Her boobs were swollen and her nipples were hard.  I saw her arch her back in ecstasy too.  But I was so turned on myself, (from the oral she had given me and now the rubbing of my glans on her nipple), that somehow what was actually happening inside her did not register to me.“Do you want me to go inside you again?” I asked.“No! I want you to come on my breasts!” she cried out just as an orgasm hit her hard!I was too late to come on her as she came, still, I continued doing as she asked and kept rubbing the underside of my cock’s head onto her nipple as I pumped myself even harder.  She continued to buzz her clit with her vibrator.  I could tell that she was REALLY enjoying all this.  Her back kept arching off of the table.  We did this for some time, maybe 10-15 minutes or so. Then, another orgasm, a huge one this time, hit her even harder.  She shook and soaked the massage table top under her pussy.  Her loud sighs of pleaser sounded like ocean surf hitting the sand.Seeing her beautiful body racked with such intense orgasmic pleasure sent me over the edge and I exploded all over both of her luscious breasts!  I grunted with my own intense pleasure as my semen painted her twin peaks with white cum.  It almost looked like snow on the mountain peaks or frosting on domed-shaped pastries.Avery had a sexy glint in her eyes as she looked up intently into my eyes.  She tossed the bullet vibe aside and with both hands rubbed my cum into her oily boobs.   “You like this, don’t you?” she asked with a seductive smile.Then she cupped both breasts on the side to push them up to me and I began licking off the creamy evidence of our love.Afterward, we talked as we sat up on the edge of the massage table.  (This wasn’t really a studio apartment.  It was our rather large master bedroom & adjoining bathroom.)“That was fun!” said Avery with another one of her mischievous & sexy smiles.   “When you were inside me and came I came too.  It was a smaller orgasm but they got better as our lovemaking session went along!  When I was giving you oral when I was lying on the massage table, I had my second orgasm of the sex session.  Then I had three more when you were rubbing your tip on my nip.  And there at the end, I had that last really big one!”   I love you!” she said as she leaned over to kiss me on my cheek. “Thank you so much, Ricky!”“It was fun for me too!” I said with a smile.  Then I did some quick math. “Did you come SIX times?  That must be some kind of record for you!”  Then I added, “By the way, I love you too!”  And then we shared a second kiss, on the mouth this time and it was a rather cummy kiss.“Oh, I almost forgot,” Avery said, “Happy birthday Ricky!”Afterward:So, it really was my birthday today.  We read the above role-play/story today before we did anything.  We then proceeded to the therapeutic massage and erotic massage.  We did not do everything in the story/role play but we DID do a lot of them.  We also discovered something new! As my wife was standing at the head of the massage table with me on my back… she was leaning over to massage my mid and upper back… and her large voluptuous breasts were hanging in my face.  I began to suck on the nipples of both beautiful boobs – in turn as my wife kept massaging me. So later I added that to this story/role-play.  (It’s always fun to discover a new activity to enhance our lovemaking!)  By the way, we were both multiorgasmic today.  The massages, the lovemaking, & the bonding were my favorite birthday presents!Author’s note:This is my 80th story on Marriage Heat!  I hope that my stories have been inspiring to you.  I wrote this new post as a story/role-play to celebrate my birthday!  Although this is fictional – ALL of the sexy things described are things we’ve done over the last ten years of our 30-year marriage.  So in a sense, this story is a review.Many parts of the backstory have a grain of truth and some are pure fiction.  I will end by saying that we love each other very much and are so grateful to Heavenly Father for His gift of marriage and marital sexual intimacy!