This adventure happened during our first year of marriage. Of course, the dialogue is not verbatim, but essentially, it is what was said.For the first four years of our marriage, Dena and I lived in the tropics. We both love the water and therefore spent a lot of our spare time on beaches and engaged in the watersports that living in the tropics has to offer. We also often went swimming after work, which was a great way to relax after a hard day.One holiday weekend, we decided to make a four-day weekend of it and took the Friday off. We spent the day at one of our favorite beaches. It is in a sheltered cove about a half mile wide so the water was almost always calm with gentle waves lapping the sandy shore. The first forty or fifty yards or so out from the shore was sandy and the water so clear that you could stand waist-deep and see your feet.Most people tended to stay near the middle and north end of the beach as it was closer to the small concession stand and public restrooms. We preferred the less frequented south end, and this being a weekday, it was completely deserted.We arrived at about 10 am and staked out our spot on the beach, bringing along a small cooler of drinks and a sports duffel with extra towels, food and a few snacks.I had my normal beach attire of board shorts and tank top. Dena had on a T-shirt and shorts under which she wore her favorite coral one-piece strapless swimsuit. The color complimented her natural auburn hair and tan skin. Her swimsuit was not ultra-revealing but showed enough leg and cleavage to enhance her curves.  Another great thing about that suit was that the material it was made of was a bit stretchy (which factors in later).After laying out our beach towels, I doffed my tank top as Dena removed her T-shirt and shorts.Dena got out the sunblock, and we took turns applying it to each other. The tropical sun can be intense, so we were always careful to use protection.Skin glistening in sunblock, we lay out on the towels and relaxed under the tropical sun to the soothing sounds of waves lapping the shore as we engaged in quiet, idle chit-chat.A while later, another couple arrived and set up their towels about fifty or sixty feet away.As the sun climbed higher, it became warmer, and we decided it was time to cool off with a swim. I got up and helped Dena to her feet. Hand in hand, we made our way to the water. When we got about waist deep, we dove in and swam out a ways, enjoying the refreshing coolness of the water.After swimming for a while, we made our way to shallower water until I could stand neck deep. Dena, being somewhat shorter than I, was unable to stand and have her head above water. She instead wrapped her arms around my neck and legs around my body. The buoyancy of the water made this very easy for both of us. We did this often as it allowed us to relax in the cooling water as we chatted and kissed… It had other advantages as well.I held Dena’s round butt, slipping my hands under her suit to gently palm those globes. I could feel my manhood growing and knew Dena could as well.“Well, this is comfortable,” Dena said as she tightened her legs around me.“I’ll say,” I replied as I squeezed her cheeks, pulling her tighter against my hardness.To anyone looking from shore, we were simply a couple hugging each other as we chatted and occasionally kissed.I worked my fingers further between Dena’s legs where I could stroke the outer lips of her pussy. Because of the angle, I could not insert them very far, but it was enough to arouse her.Dena gently gyrated her hips, rubbing herself on what was now my very erect member.“Oooh, I feel sea life stirring. It feels like a big eel,” she said playfully.“Perhaps you should check,” I replied with smile.As Dena kissed me, she reached one arm between us, pushed my shorts down and stroked my hard shaft.“Your cock is so hard,” she whispered. “Is that all for me?”“It’s all yours, love,” I replied as I continued to massage her butt.Dena let go of my shaft and deftly pulled the top of her swimsuit down, exposing her breasts to the cool water. Her boobs, with nipples now erect, pressed up against me as she again took hold of my hard cock and stroked it.Every so often, I would glance over at the couple who had set up near us on the beach. They were laid out on their towels and did not appear to be paying any mind to us (or they were being very surreptitious about it). Nevertheless, I discreetly moved us a little further away from them.Dena let go of my cock, and I felt her pull the crotch of her swimsuit aside (made easier by the stretchy material) exposing her pussy. She pressed it against the shaft of my cock, returned her arms to wrap around my neck, and began sliding her pussy up and down on my cock.“That feels so good baby,” I said.Hugging me, she whispered in my ear, “You are making me so horny.”“You want that cock in your pussy?” I whispered back.“Are you serious?” she asked in astonishment while glancing at the beach.We often fondled each other in the water like this, but had never done full on penetration before. This would certainly be crossing into new territory.“If you want to,” I replied.She continued grinding herself on me as she considered my proposal, and then whispered, “I want that hard cock in me.”As we kissed, Dena took hold of my erection and guided it to her opening, moaning softly against my shoulder as her pussy filled.I closed my eyes relishing the feeling of her warm, soft love tunnel.“That feels so good inside me,” she whispered.“Yes it does,” I agreed.We held still for a moment savoring this new sensation. I looked around again to see if we had been noticed but there was no indication we had.As she stroked her clit, Dena began gently thrusting her pussy using her legs around me for leverage. This caused an unusual sensation for me. Her movements caused me to feel alternating warm and cool as my cock slid in and out of her.I removed one hand from her butt and massaged her boob, occasionally squeezing her very erect nipple, which Dena loves. With her eyes closed, Dena bit her lip to keep from moaning too loud, lest we draw unwanted attention.We were both extremely aroused, so it did not take long before we were both on the edge.Dena altered the angle of penetration as she thrust, taking me deeper. I knew she had found her rhythm when her breathing changed and her arms tightened around my neck.She kept thrusting until she gasped, “Rory, I’m going to cum!”I myself was struggling to stave off my own orgasm, but managed to whisper, “Do it baby…”Dena suddenly buried her mouth in my shoulder to muffle her cries, her body shaking in orgasmic bliss. As her body spasmed, I let myself go, feeling my cock stiffen further as I erupted into her.As I pumped my cum into her, it took all I had to keep my knees from buckling and taking us both underwater. Eventually our waves of pleasure subsided.Dena looked into my eyes, smiling. “That was incredible.”“Wow!” I softly exclaimed as my cock slipped out of my wife. “We will definitely have to do that again.Dena laughed softly. “You will get no argument from me on that.”We kissed and hugged each other.As I continued to hold her, Dena let go of my neck, pulled her swimsuit up over her boobs and adjusted the material between her legs over her crotch. Once she had everything in place, I pulled up my shorts.We swam for another half hour or so (which gave my erection time to subside) before we exited the water and made our way back to our towels. We ate the food and drinks we had brought, after which we lay basking in the afterglow of terrific sex.After about an hour, we went back into the water where we engaged in a second round of aquatic lovemaking.For the rest of our time living there, we had numerous similar adventures. Some of these were in the evening when no one was around and we could swim nude. These adventures almost always ended up with a night of frenzied lovemaking at home.We no longer live near the ocean and do miss our aquatic adventures. We have already decided that wherever we retire to, our house will have a secluded swimming pool where we can once again enjoy this long-missed experience.