You read the title. The most delicious, delectable thing in this world, and the only thing I want for Christmas, birthdays, and everyday is my wife. Ugh, I crave her so much. It’s a hopeless hunger. I could never explain but I trust MH couples can relate.I admire every part of her. Special attention is being taken on her wet pussy.One night, she was in a particularly needy mood. Not so much a submissive mood, but the “I feel the need to be the center of attention” mood. Wanting to be bathed in soft touches, showered with kisses, grazed with teeth, and lips and tongue on her clit.We met for a date night after work. I was speechless when I saw her, she was dressed in tight jeans and a top that exposed  beautiful, very revealing cleavage. She had bloomed into a beautiful, sexy, busty woman. I hugged her and could feel her big tits pressed against my chest. I’m proud of her.She’s a MILF for her own sake, not mine, but oh, I’m so glad I’m hers. Motherhood has given her an amazing pair of tits and a sexy, curvy body. I gave her a quick kiss on the lips and we went out to a restaurant nearby. After a nice meal and a couple of drinks, we were both very eager so we went back home and wow, did the fun start.We were equally horny and as soon as the master bedroom door closed, we grabbed each other and kissed full on the mouth. She put her tongue in my mouth, and I licked it, and tasted her. I put my tongue in her mouth and she sucked on it as if she was sucking a cock. She was insatiable and I wanted her so badly.We finished kissing and she said “That’s a bit different than how we used to kiss,”with a sexy grin.It certainly was and by now my cock was already rock hard. She unzipped my jeans and they fell down my legs to the floor. I stepped out of them and kicked them out of the way. She went down on her knees, pulled my boxers down very slowly, and teased me until my hard cock sprung free. I kicked my boxers away too, and watched as my wife took hold of my cock. She looked at it as if she was examining it.“Oooh! Big, thick and very hard, just how I like,” She said.Licking her lips, she stroked it and pulled back my foreskin to reveal it was soaking wet and dripping with pre-cum. She put her tongue out and licked my dripping juice, then put my rampant hard cock in her mouth. She had her head back all the time and was looking straight into my eyes. It was so erotic and immediately I knew she was very experienced, as my entire cock disappeared down her throat, without her gagging.It felt amazing but after just 30 seconds or so she stopped, stood up and told me to sit on the chair in the room. She took off her top and slid sexily out of her jeans. Wearing a matching tan colored bra and panties set, she looked like a goddess.She straddled me and we kissed very passionately again. I reached up and caressed her big tits through her silky, satin bra. Then I put my arms around her and unclipped her bra. The most perfect pair of tits I’d ever seen were inches from my face.She said “Do like your boobies?” They were perfect in every way. The size, the shape, firm yet so soft, large areoles which I love.Putting them to my face, I felt them touch each side of my face as I kissed her cleavage. Then I turned slightly, kissing all the time across her tit until I reached her nipple. She moved a little as if she was feeding them to me and I sucked on this gorgeous amazing tit while reaching up with my hand and squeezing and stroking the other one. All this time, she was grinding her pussy through her soft satin panties against my hard cock. With my other hand, I reached down and cupped her pussy into my hand. I was surprised at the huge spot on her panties and immediately felt her wetness oozing from the material that was clinging to her pussy.I slipped my finger down the side into her panties at the area at the top of her leg by her crotch. It was even wetter inside there and my fingers were immediately soaked, I took them out and rubbed her juices all over her tit. Then, like a starving child, I licked and sucked at it tasting her womanly juice and inhaling the odor of her pussy juice. I lapped up every drop and I loved her taste.She then put her hand in the top of her panties and moved it down into her wet slit. She slid two fingers inside her cunt then removed them. Showing them to me, they were dripping with her juices. She said “one each” then she hungrily sucked her finger clean before feeding the other one to me. I sucked her finger clean as it tasted delicious. We then kissed and the combined taste of our pussy juice covered tongues was so horny.She held my hand and led me to the bed. She removed my shirt and I was now completely naked, my cock was standing up as hard as rock. My wife was naked except for her soaking panties. I laid down and she positioned herself on my face with her pussy just inches from my mouth. I reached around her and grabbed her ass. Ugh I could eat her ass. Love the way it looks and feels.Ugh. I pulled her down onto my tongue, and started to lick hungrily at her soaking wet pussy. I could feel her clit protruding through her panties and I licked and sucked on it willingly as she pressed it hard into my face. She pulled her panties to one side and I could finally see her amazing pussy. She had a huge clit, it was easily the biggest I had ever seen. The end of it was protruding through the thick hood protecting it.There was a small triangle of well groomed black pubic hair above her clit but the rest of her pussy was shaved smooth exposing her labia. It’s even but gosh is it gorgeous. In my eyes this was my perfect pussy. My wife. I wanted that pussy desperately, so I grabbed her ass once more, pulled her to my face and buried everything I could inside her. My nose was on her clit, my tongue was as deep as I could get it inside her, and she was grinding on my face.It only took seconds and she screamed ‘Yes, eat my cunt, make me cum, ooooh fuck.”She was cumming all over my face and I was soaked in her wetness, I loved every drop. I was gasping for air but wanted to keep going. I pulled back and started drawing ABCs with my tongue. Five minutes later I working on a K.She climbed from my face, removed her cum soaked panties, and laid down next to me. We were facing each other and she giggled that my face was actually dripping with her cum. I was about to go and wash but she said no, and started to lick my face clean of her juices. She reveled in it and licked and swallowed all she could and kissed me from time to time. I could feel the slippery pussy juice on her lips. One thing we certainly had in common was the musky sweet taste of her pussy. I absolutely loved it and she certainly did, too.While we talked, I caressed her big, amazing, perfect, tits non stop. Obsessed with them, I cupped then in my hand one by one and felt their heaviness. I tweaked her hard nipples and traced the softness of her areola that encircled them. Kissing, licking, and sucking them, I savored every moment as my semi hard cock now returned to full hardness. I stroked down her body as I sought out her pussy once again.Sucking on her tits, I gently stroked, probed, and felt her pussy for several minutes. I became aware of everything about her pussy once again. Her clit hood was very fleshy, protecting her big clit. Her labia was big and was easily visible, even with her legs closed. Even her slit was longer than usual and my fingers easily went inside her vagina. But I loved it and wanted to eat it, taste it, and fuck it.I moved my kisses from her tits, down slowly towards her still soaking pussy. With each kiss, I got closer and almost shook in anticipation. Finally I was there. I felt the softness of her pussy hair on my lips and against my nose. My bottom lip was on her clit and I flicked it playfully. Then I took her huge clit into my mouth and sucked it hard. Teresa moaned with the pleasure, then using my thumbs I peeled her clit hood back and exposed it. Wow!It was a thing of beauty, and I licked and sucked it until she came again. She grabbed my head and pressed her wet cunt into my face as the pain and pleasure of her orgasm made her scream and her body spasm.“Eat it and suck it like a pastry” she said huskily.I opened her pussy wider and licked up every drop of her beautiful cum and I swallowed it. Her hips were grinding against my face, making me soaked in her tasty juices. Ugh, I want more. I taste as much as I can until she cums again.My cock was now aching for attention and I was eager to fuck her. So I knelt between her legs and as I massaged her big tits, my cock searched for her gaping pussy. I felt my cock touch her entrance and I easily pushed it inside her, finally I was inside this amazing woman. Ugh, she is mine, and I started to fuck her hard. She met my thrusts, pushing her hips up to meet me every time.“Ugh, good girl”, I moaned. She moaned while nodding.The sound of her soaking pussy being fucked was getting too much for me and I needed to cum, but she had other ideas. She told me to swap places with her. I laid back onto the bed and she crawled between my legs and took my cock in her mouth. She licked up and down my shaft tasting herself again as she fondled my aching balls. She had a very skillful mouth and moved her head up and down taking every inch of my cock into her throat.My bride then straddled me and placed my cock into her pussy once again. She leaned on my chest and very slowly and very erotically rode my cock. She was clearly very experienced and knew how to take control. I reached up and grabbed her hanging tits. The weight of them in my hands is something I’ll never forget. I supported them so it didn’t hurt when she bounced.I’m glad she was fucking me slowly as I was desperate to cum but wanted the night to continue as long as possible. My body screams to impregnate my wife’s delicious body.She leaned back and reached between her legs, with every inch of my rock hard cock deep inside her, she started playing with her clit. It didn’t take her long before she had another orgasm, her pussy pulsated and tightened around my cock. I begged her to let me cum. I could feel the wetness dripping down my shaft and balls and forming a small puddle on the bed.Each time she could feel I was about to cum she stopped riding my cock and waited a few seconds for it to calm down. Finally she climbed off me and once again licked our combined juices from my cock, my balls and anywhere else on my body she could find it. Then she got on all fours on the edge of the bed.“Fuck me from behind and let me feel your warm cum explode inside my pussy.” She demanded.I stood on the floor behind her and grabbed her hips and guided my thick cock into her wet gaping cunt, I had never been so desperate to cum and slammed my cock in and out of her like a man possessed.“Oh yes, that’s how I like it, fuck me with everything you have.” She said.I was now ready and I unloaded streams of cum into her pussy. I’d never cum so much in my life, my cock was so tender by now and actually hurt as I pulled out of her. We laid on the bed side by side, both exhausted with enormous smiles on our faces. I never dreamed all those years ago holding hands in school would lead to such an amazing night. I felt very happy.