(L) – This story contains strong language.“Gosh, how did I get so lucky?” my husband moaned.It was 1am, and a few tender kisses was about to turn into me fucking him on the sofa.I took his hardness out, admiring its beauty, and teased him as he got close.“I love how happy you are,” I giggled. I wrapped my lips around his member and sucked on his soul through it until I knew he was close. Yet, again I stopped to tease him more.Pretty soon he had me on the sofa, as he ate my pussy like icing on a cake. Then I exploded all over him.“My turn,” I said, putting him on the sofa.I wanted my husband begging to come. I wanted him to be on his own high to the point he couldn’t take it anymore. So, I put my clothes on and dried hump him until he physically was begging to be inside me.“Oh, you’re a good boy,” I giggled.“I love you,” he said, looking into my eyes.I took my clothes off again and teased him over and over again. I did everything but enter him, and it drove him crazy.“Gosh, you’re so hot.” my husband moaned. “If only I could feel you inside me.”“If you want to feel me inside you, I want to make sure it’s for real,” I giggled.My lips once again handled his hard member, and I had to stop myself from putting it inside me too. My pussy was getting soaked from the excitement. Eventually I stopped again, as my husband was close, and I knew it was time. He just couldn’t take it anymore.“Please, please, please, I’ll be a good boy,” my husband said.“Will you be a good boy? I giggled as I straddled him on the sofa and put his cock on my clit.Our lips touched as we kissed, but even I couldn’t stand the fact he wasn’t inside me. My body wanted him, and that’s when I knew it was time for both of us.I connected both of us together, just the tip before pulling out. Teasing yet again.Then I gave in to both our demands. Once his member was fully inside me, I waited a moment, then started doing Kegels on him.“Shit, baby,” he moaned. “If you keep doing that I’m gonna come.”“That’s what I want,” I giggled. “I want you to come inside me.”I kept up a cycle of relaxing, going down, flexing, coming up, slowly repeating, and occasionally stopping for a moment to tease. My husband couldn’t take it anymore.“I wanna come inside you,” he said with a devious smile.Before I knew it, he took matters into his own hands, stood up, and laid me back on the sofa.He was already covered with my wetness before he re-entered me, so from first thrust, he was able to pound me hard. He fucked me so hard that our sofa slowly shifted across the room with each thrust! The sounds of my husband slapping against me filled the room.“Yes, baby,” I moaned, “Right there!”I rubbed my clit to both our enjoyments.“Come on me,” he moaned. “Rub your pussy to come on me. Let’s come together.”Pretty soon our moans and slapping filled the room, and we didn’t hold back.“Fuck, baby, right there! Gosh, I’m gonna come right now!” I cried.“Me too,” he moaned.Just a few seconds after, I rubbed my pussy to my high as my husband fucked me hard to his.“Gosh, I’m gonna come!” he moaned.With that, he took two deep thrusts into me before staying inside me to fill me sweet pussy with him come.“Fuuuuck,” he moaned as he finished inside me.We kissed deeply for a long moment. We were soaked in both of our juices. There was so much that when he pulled out, his come dripped out of me onto our carpet.Let’s just say we had a wonderful time cleaning up.