This is a follow-on story toCruise Ship Fun!!After a day of snorkeling in the Southern Caribbean, we returned to the ship, cleaned up and went to dinner.  After dinner, we went to the nightly show and then to a lounge to listen to our favorite band of any cruise we’d been on.  Between the band’s sets, my wife asked if I wanted to share a rum punch.  We normally would not drink this late, but our excursion the next morning was not until mid-morning.  We finished our drink, and my wife said she was ready to go to our room.  As we got off the elevator and walked to our room, she put her arm around me and her head on my shoulder.  I was feeling the effects of the rum, so I knew she must be feeling it also.  I wondered if she were a little drunk, a little horny—or a little of both.When we entered our room, she stepped into the bathroom while I locked us in for the night.  I stripped naked, lay one of our beach towels on the sofa and sat down.  She came out of the bathroom, looked at me and asked, “What are you doing?”“I want to watch you undress.”She grinned, which was a good sign for me, and took off her dress“Come over here so I can see you in the light,” I told her, and she did.  “Let me see those magnificent titties.”  Over 30 years, and I still love them.She took her bra off and turned to put it on the dresser.  When she turned back around, her eyes went straight to my now-half-hard cock; it’s in my right hand, and I am slowly stroking.“Rub your titties and get your nipples hard,” I directed and watched her comply. “Now let me see your pussy.”My wife took off her panties, turned to put them on the dresser, and then turned back around.  Her eyes return to my now-completely-hard cock and her hands to her titties.“Come suck my dick.”She lay down on the sofa and took my dick in her mouth.  I watched in the mirror as she gave me a great blow job. Then she rose up on her knees and gave me a passionate kiss.I put my left arm around her, pulled her close, and started to suck on her right tit.  My right hand went to her left tit, massaging it. She kissed me again as my right hand started to rub her pussy.  It was wet—really wet.“Lick my pussy,” she said, and at my nod, she got up and climbed onto the bed.  I kissed her and sucked on her tits until she repeated, “Lick my pussy.”I worked my way down to her pussy and massaged her clit.  It was as wet as ever.  Wave after wave of orgasm overtook her body.  She gets very sensitive while orgasming, so I had to pull back.Afterward, I slowly inserted my hard cock into her.  I finish a short time later.I’m blessed to have a true life partner.  My wife is now sexy at 60, and I’m so blessed.