It had been a while since my bride and I had been intimate due to both our travels. I had just arrived back at my hotel from a work happy hour with clients, and I checked my phone. My wife had texted a teasing photo of her in a dress lifted up in the back for a sneak peak. The message read, “Going out with the girls but thinking of you. I mailed a package to the front desk for you.”Immediately I started feeling my dress pants bulge and get tighter. I put my jacket back on to hide my excitement and went downstairs to get the package. Back in the room, I opened it. I found a silicone stroker with different openings on each end and a small bottle of lube. I was shocked. The only toy we had in 10 years of marriage was a dildo that she used quite often. Never did I think I “needed” a toy like this. I always thought it was maybe a little strange but I was open minded.Texting my wife a picture of the toy, I said “Wow, thank you! I think I might try and use this tonight. I do miss you and wish you could watch.”As I waited for her reply, I took a shower to freshen up after a long day. I was still hard picturing my wife in that dress. She responded back with a photo of her in her car, still in our garage, as she was heading out. This picture made me want time travel to be possible. She had her legs spread open, nothing on but the dress. She pulled her dress down to show me her cleavage. I was animalistic, wanting to pound her right there in that car. Being an 8 hour flight away, I needed to take care of myself.Closing the blinds, I got onto the bed, took the towel off and I was already dripping with precum. I texted her a photo of the toy next to my member. I told her I was getting ready for some fun. As I waited for her reply, I took my finger and started spreading my precum around my hard dick. I almost didn’t need any lube, it just kept slowly spewing out. I even tasted a little bit and got even more excited. She replied with another photo, this time just a cute smile. Her note said “I want you to send me a video NOW.”I replied back, “I will but I want to be sure your friends won’t see this.”She replied, “I’m only going to have one drink with the girls and then I’ll be home. I just got here. I’ll be 30 minutes, and then I’ll be home soo. Maybe once you’re ready for round two.”Laughing, I said “Mmm, well round one is getting started right now.” I added a picture of me grasping the stroker just over my dick.I started out slow and did add a little bit of lube. Wow, this felt amazing. One end of the stroker had a bigger opening and different sensations, the other side much, much smaller. I started with the larger side and slowly slid it all the way down. As I got down to the bottom, my dick was struggling to get out of the other side. I needed to stretch the toy more. Keeping things slow, I was hoping for my wife to respond back. I was really worked up by this point.Adding more lube to the other end of the toy, I started to stretch it to get the full experience. I set up my phone so my wife can see her gift to me in action. With both hands free, I slid the toy up and down, grabbing and tugging my balls with the other hand. I got really caught up in the moment and missed a text from my wife. She then called me and I answered, breathing a little shaky. “Hey baby, are you still out with the girls?”“No.” she responded, “I am rushing home right now so I can join in on the fun! Did you see my last picture yet?” she giggled.“No, sorry, I was a little busy,” I laughed.I opened the photo and immediately starting sliding my dick in and out of the toy. She was in the car and had taken her finger to her pussy. She was gushing wet and had a trail of her wetness stuck to her finger. I was a wild animal, wishing I was with her right now.I replied, “Are you serious right now? That is the hottest thing ever. I need to be inside you right now.”I couldn’t wait any longer, I put the phone down on speaker and told her I was close to cumming. She encouraged me with some dirty talk. I exploded inside the toy where it overflowed onto my stomach and chest. She then told me, “I want you so bad, I’m fingering myself turning into our neighborhood.” I could hear the wetness.As she pulled in the garage she FaceTimed me. I quickly answered and she was running upstairs, stripping off her dress and pulling out her dildo in our dresser. I was still rock solid. She set the phone up and told me to do the same. I was still dripping cum from round one.She sat in front of the camera and ran her fingers over her dripping pussy. Then she licked them clean as she moaned in pleasure. God, I wish I was there to see this. I took the toy, now cum covered, and again watched my bride get ready for her dildo.It’s have a blessing and a curse, really. I am larger than normal when it comes to my member. This is great but at the same time, it does hurt my wife at times. We got a large dildo for her to use to hopefully get more used to this. She is able to take it more often now that it’s been 10 years. Now back to my wife.At this point, she was glistening between her thighs with thick, clear mucus that I wanted to slurp up. Instead, she was the lucky one tasting herself. She grabbed the dildo and started to rub it all over her in excitement. I could see her nipples starting to get harder and harder. Putting the toy aside, I placed my hands around my dick and started stroking myself to her.My wife then put her dildo inside her, slowly, and moaned softly each time she got deeper. She was so wet that I could hear the gushing with each move. Taking it out, she placed the dildo in her mouth and started sucking on it. She said “Baby, I wish this was your dick so bad. I would suck the cum out of you and feel every part of you inside me.” After she licked and sucked all her juices off the dildo, she placed it back inside her, ready for more. This time all the way. She moaned loudly and started to build up speed as she pounded herself harder and harder.I started to leak out more precum again and got my new toy ready. She said, “I want you to stick your dick into the smaller hole, stretch it wide and pound it hard baby.” She took a small break, sucking the dildo into her mouth again. This time it was covered in her white, creamy juices, and she moaned, taking every last drop. I was about to explode after seeing that.I told her, “Baby I’m close… I’m going to cum all over this bed wishing it was you.” She stuck the dildo in all the way and started pounding away at herself. This time, she was screaming in enjoyment. Her breath got faster and shorter as I could see her legs tremble and shake. She moaned softly, “I’m cumming… oh my baby I’m cumming so hard… ahhhhhh!”At the same time I came everywhere and laid back with exhaustion, still watching my bride. Pulling the dildo away, white cream poured out from her pussy onto the bed. She took her fingers and scooped some up to taste and moaned again. She said “Baby, when you get home tomorrow, you come straight here for round three.”