This is my second story. (As I’m typing this, my first one hasn’t published yet.) Since our sex life died, I have had to rely on memories to fuel my masturbation sessions. This is one of my favorites; if you like it, maybe I’ll post what happened next😉It had been a long day. After briefly talking to my wife and kids, I decided a shower was in order. I walked through the bedroom, stripped down, and got the shower as hot as I could stand. I was just standing there letting the steaming water work its magic when I heard the bathroom door open. There was no curtain, and through the steam, I saw my wife walk in and quickly shut the door behind her. She had a look of purpose on her face, and as I watched, she started removing her shirt. I had been flaccid until this point, but my cock was quick to notice the skin slowly being revealed.My wife’s eyes danced between my face and my growing member. Without taking my eyes off her bra-covered breasts, I simply smirked and kept watching. As she reached behind her to unclasp the flimsy material, my cock reached full mast, and it was her turn to smirk.The bra fell away, and I was treated to the sight of her marvelous tits, creamy colored with large-ish, rosy-colored nipples that were already hard. I was dripping pre-cum at this point both from the sight of her and eager anticipation of what was about to come.She reached for the snap of her jeans, treating me to the very arousing sight of her jiggling boobs as she slid them down her legs. Her panties followed, and as her trimmed, yet still bushy, pussy was slowly revealed, I drank in the sight of my naked wife.Hard and dripping, my cock pulsed with approval as she stepped toward the shower. I assisted her with one hand as the other ran up and down her side before it claimed its prize.No words were spoken, but we joined our lips in a steamy kiss as I now fondled both her tits. Squeezing and rubbing her nipples made her groan and reach for my hardness. It was my turn to groan as she firmly gripped and stroked my length.We continued like this for a few minutes, but it was clear that she came in with a plan. She pulled back from the kiss and dropped to her knees. With a sexy look up, she engulfed my cock.I dropped my head back and moaned at the sensation of her wet mouth. She was good at this. I looked back down and gently grabbed each side of her head as bobbed excruciatingly slowly up and down, up and down, using her tongue as she reached the tip each time.I knew I wouldn’t last long; she knew it,  too, and sped up her efforts. The sight of her on her knees, her hair damp and water dripping from her face, and the look in her eyes as she sensed what was coming sent me over the edge. With my eyes half-closed, I erupted in her mouth with a strong thrust, and she did what she could to swallow. I slowly thrust into her mouth as five or six smaller eruptions left my cock.She was grinning on my dick—mission accomplished! She finally pulled off, but I noticed that she didn’t quite swallow everything. A little dollop of cum started to run down the corner of her mouth. Never squeamish, I pulled her up for a hot kiss.The shower was getting cold, and my wife stepped out,  knowing what would come next: it was her turn.