A recent MarriageHeat postasked for input and ideas on how best to talk about sex with your spouse. But what if it’s hard to get your spouse to talk about sex at all? That’s what this post is about.I’m not talking about a spouse who is just shy and needs a little prompting or who needs some help finding the right words. I’m talking about a spouse that is resistant and avoids talking about sex entirely, no matter what. I’m talking about:“There’s nothing to discuss.”“Why do you keep bringing this up?’“Now’s not a good time. No, I don’t know when a good time is.”“We’re doing it; why do we need to talk about it?”A lot of well-meaning sex advice tells couples to prioritize communication, especially to deal with problems. But sometimes the first and biggest problem is that one spouse doesn’t want to talk about sex at all. It could be a spouse with lower desire, who doesn’t want to dwell on a subject that makes them uncomfortable. Or it could be the higher-desire spouse, who thinks,Talk isn’t necessary; let’s just have fun.The couple might still be having regular sex. The spouse might even be comfortable talking about sex, but only when they’re actually doing it. But there’s something missing because they’re not communicating beyond the physical. The spouse never seems open to talking about sex and how to make sex better, nor are they interested in reading a book or article or hearing a speaker on the topic. It’s a no-go zone.Let’s also be clear that sometimes the non-talkative spouse has a good reason because the other spouse is going overboard. Maybe sex seems to be their primary or exclusive conversation topic. They seem insatiable and are always badgering and bringing up sex no matter the circumstances. In such cases, shutting down may be the best available path of resistance.But what if the other spouse is trying to be as reasonable as possible, following all the well-meaning advice? What if nothing seems to work to open up the lines of communication, in order to solve issues and move their sex life beyond the purely physical?I don’t have a quick solution here. There are certainly stories of miraculous awakenings, of spouses that suddenly turn around and are eager to communicate and enhance their sex lives. But a lot of people are still waiting for that awakening in their spouse, no matter how hard they try.And it can be difficult for couples not in this situation, and sometimes even counselors and therapists, to grasp it. Again, so much well-meaning advice boils down to “Talk about this with your spouse,” “Get your spouse to read this book,” or “Here are some fun ideas to get you started.” But if the non-talkative spouse constantly resists the above, then that’s the bigger problem. Their spouse is willing to work hard and do what it takes to progress, but they just feel rejected and stymied at every turn.There may be different reasons for a spouse to be that way. It could be their personality. If your spouse is stoic and quiet, especially when tricky subjects come up, or alternatively an emotional waterworks, they’re likely to have similar reactions talking about sex. At least they’re consistent.There may be underlying reasons like past trauma, whether physical or emotional. They may not even realize the trauma is there, which makes it hard to recognize or articulate its effects. There might be other guilt or shame. All they know is that talking or thinking too much about sex is overwhelming and perhaps painful. So they push it away, often with short-term excuses to themselves as well as their spouse, like, “Now’s not a good time” and “Can we do this later?” But there never seems to be a right time. Even with counseling and therapy, they may struggle with the topic of sex.It’s also possible that they were not raised to be comfortable talking about sex or bodies in general. Now they’re adults, and they simply don’t know how to do it. They never developed the skills to frame and articulate their thoughts about sex or their own bodies; they just can’t wrap their mind around it. Again, this could apply to either a low-desire or high-desire spouse. They may have gotten the hang of doing it, just not talking about it.It’s difficult—for both spouses. One spouse may be eager to talk about sex in order to improve their mutual sex life. They’ve bought books, done their research, are always watching and searching for a good moment to bring it up, and have tried different approaches. Nothing sticks. It’s also difficult for the other spouse, who may feel badgered and overwhelmed, especially if the first spouse starts to get more and more impatient and exasperated. So they just shut down even more.So what can be done? Chances are that if you’re reading this, you’re the want-to-talk spouse, and you’ve already tried many of these. But here are some ideas:Avoid Turning Communication Into Negotiation.If a spouse rarely talks about sex, there’s a strong temptation to treat any exception as a brief window of opportunity for negotiation. This especially applies to talking in the middle of sex! If they start talking about how great sex is tonight, it’s sometimes difficult not to immediately suggest that maybe sex should happen lots of other nights too. That’s likely to lead to a shutdown, and possibly even a fight. So try to hold back. If every communication seems to open up an implicit (or explicit) negotiation, likely leading to conflict, they’re going to keep avoiding the subject entirely.Prioritize Other Communication.Ensure that you communicate well on other things, from the everyday to big issues like money, raising kids, etc. Work hard on the big picture of your marriage. The fact is that some couples who communicate well on sexdon’tcommunicate well on other topics. Sex and sex talk may in fact be their way of papering over and avoiding other problems. Prioritizing other communication won’t necessarily lead to better communication over sex. But it can’t hurt. And it’s much better than the opposite.Plan a Formal Summit.If it seems impossible to have a casual, low-stakes conversation about sex, try the opposite approach. If your spouse is willing, plan well in advance to have a conversation about sex. Like a diplomatic summit, identify the specific topic(s) to be discussed. Plan to keep it short—say, fifteen minutes. Choose a neutral setting where there are no distractions: a coffee shop, on a walk, or on chairs in your backyard. The point is to make it as structured as possible to help your spouse frame their thoughts and to feel listened to. This is not an everyday solution. But like a real summit, it’s sometimes necessary in order to advance peace rather than war.Give It A Rest Sometimes. As mentioned, if a spouse seems to keep bringing up the subject over and over – asking when can we talk about this; why don’t you read this article; here’s a fun quiz we can both take – the other spouse is just going to feel badgered and will become even more resistant. So it’s important to sometimes give it a rest. Stop following the well-meaning advice and suggestions and just leave it all for a bit. Admittedly it’s possible your spouse won’t even notice that you’re holding back. But they might, and that could encourage them to come out of their shell a little.Don’t Make it About “Normal.”Especially over issues of frequency, there’s a strong compulsion to try and shove statistics and research at a spouse to demonstrate what “normal” couples do. But the reality is that when it comes to sex, there is a very wide range of normal, and unless your spouse expresses interest, there’s not much use telling them where they fit in relation to the statistical average. It’s never a fruitful subject for conversation.Always Check Yourself First.Be honest with yourself. Are your expectations realistic? Is this really all about yourself, rather than working together with your spouse and ultimately putting them and their needs first? What can you change about yourself and your own attitudes?None of these are necessarily going to “fix” the problem at all. But what they can do is help you feel that you’re doing your best. Ultimately, it’s up to God to facilitate any awakening that opens up the lines of communication with your spouse about sex. And I hope this post has at least helped people understand and feel understood.