Braless in Public PollWhat is your opinion on women going braless in public?Completely acceptable – Comfort and personal choice should come first.Depends on the context – Certain settings may be more appropriate than others.Indifferent – People should wear what they want, it doesn't affect me.Supportive with reservations – Fine as long as it’s done tastefully.Unconventional but empowering – It can be a statement of freedom and body positivity.Inappropriate – Traditional modesty and professionalism should be upheld in public spaces.Uncomfortable but wouldn't comment – It's not my place to tell others how to dress.Other: Maybe I will share more in the comments.View ResultsLoading ...Questions for Discussion in the Comments:Women:Can you share your experiences with going braless in public? If you’ve chosen to go braless, how do you feel about the possibility of attracting attention from others? Additionally, what are your thoughts on the relationship between your personal faith and the decision to go braless?Men:When you notice a woman who is braless, does it evoke feelings of lust? Would you be comfortable with your spouse choosing to go braless? How do you react to the idea of other men noticing your spouse if she is not wearing a bra?Dare Question for Couples: Do you have any stories about how going braless at home or in public spiced up your marriage? We’d love to hear about your experiences in the comments, or feel free to write and submit a story detailing your adventures.Song of Songs 1:3Song of Songs 1:3:Because of the savor of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee.Metaphors and Interpretation“Because of the savor of thy good ointments:”Savor:Refers to the pleasing fragrance or aroma. It symbolizes the allure and attractiveness of the lover’s physical presence and character. He has the “scent” of bringing blessing to others.Good ointments:Represent the qualities, virtues, and physical attributes that make the beloved desirable and attractive.“Thy name is as ointment poured forth:”Name:In this context, it signifies the reputation and character of the beloved. It’s the essence of who they are.Ointment poured forth: Suggests that the beloved’s reputation and character are like a fragrant, generously shared, and well-known ointment.“Therefore do the virgins love thee:”Virgins: Here, “love” denotes admiration for someone’s physical attractiveness or character. Their admiration arises from the lover’s qualities and presence. This statement emphasizes the lover’s appeal without implying jealousy. The beloved playfully suggests, “I understand why other girls consider you a catch.”Sacred Text – 1 Samuel 18:6-7It happened as they came, when David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, that the women came out of all the cities of Israel, singing and dancing, to meet King Saul, with tambourines, with joy, and with musical instruments. The women sang one to another as they played, and said, “’Saul has slain his thousands, David his ten thousands.”Heat Conversations:Qualities and Virtues: What qualities or virtues do you find most alluring and attractive in each other, like the ‘good ointments’ in the Song of Songs verse?Reputation and character: “A good name is more desirable than great riches, and loving favor is better than silver and gold” (Proverbs 22:1). In light of this wisdom, how do our reputations and characters, akin to our ‘names,’ contribute to our desirability and attraction to each other?Enhancing the ‘Savor’: How can we continue to improve the ‘savor’ or fragrance of our love to make it even more alluring and irresistible to one another?Jealousy:Are you the Jealous type? The wife of David was jealous that David was praised by the people. How do you deal with Jealousy in your marriage?