This post contains some strong language (L).I’m about three weeks into my online classes. Unfortunately, I’ve had to double up this semester to stay on schedule for graduation in the spring. On top of that, Michael now has to handle the entire workload at the shop; his only employee quit, and he hasn’t found a replacement yet. We bothdesperately need time together, yet time is the thing in shortest supply. The best we’ve managed have been quick trysts in the early morning hours before he must leave and I have to buckle down to my studies, and it’s been several days since we’d done even that. So much for the honeymoon phase.Well after midnight, I hear Michael come home, doing his best to keep quiet. But then the sound of breaking ceramic from the kitchen precedes a bitten-off expletive.I pad down the hallway to the dimly lit kitchen and see Michael turn from the wastebasket toward the sink. While he washes his hands, I step up behind him, press my naked body against his back, and slip my hands around his midriff under his shirt. They climb over his toned belly and chest to thrum across his nipples, and I feel them harden.Michael starts to speak, but I shush him as I bring one hand down over the cock swelling in his jeans. With a happy giggle, I turn him to face me, making quick work of his belt and zipper. Then I pull his pants down with me as I go to my knees at his feet.I smile to finally see his cock jutting out at me again. With a sigh, I wrap my hand around it; oh, I’ve missed the heat and weight of it against my palm. Looking up at Michael, I take him slowly into my mouth.Michael moans and grips the edge of the sink behind him as I swallow against the tip at the back of my throat. Then I hum deep, appreciative notes to send a light vibration around and into his cock. When I look up again, Michael’s face is turned toward the ceiling.Sliding my mouth off his erection, I draw his attention by saying, “Mmmmm, I love your cock, baby.I especially love to feel it right here.”Parting my thighs, I rub my pussy.I can see the indecision on his face and assume he needs a little more encouragement. So, continuing to finger my clit, I engulf him once again. His hands softly stroke my head as he fucks my hungry mouth. In only a few minutes, he utters a ragged groan, and before I realize what’s happening, he’s cumming!I swallow his copious load, not a little disappointed. This is not at all what I’d hoped would come of my efforts to seduce him. When he pulls me to my feet and kisses me sweetly, I can’t hide the frustrated tears that threaten.Michael takes me in his arms. “I know,” he says. “Believe me, baby, we aren’t done.”I pull back with a hopeful smile, swiping at my eye with my wrist. “We aren’t?”In answer, Michael scoops me up and shuffles to our bed.I sprawl atop the rumpled covers as Michael undresses, then comes down over me between my bent knees. His kisses begin at my still-damp eyelids and linger at my lips. Then he continues to my breasts before rolling us to our sides and pulling my knee to his waist. Cupping my upper tit in his palm, he suckles none too gently at its nipple.The sensation is both deeply relaxing and exciting, almost agitating. I feel restless, aching for Michael’s touch everywhere rather than just this one point of intensity. I grab his hand and drag the palm up and down my side and thigh to let him know what I crave.Michael’s smile breaks his latch on my nipple, but he just switches breasts, trailing his fingertips lovingly across every bit of skin he can reach. His loving caresses quickly reignite the embers doused by disappointment; my hips tighten and relax, lightly rubbing my pussy against his thigh. By the time he rolls me to my back and starts kissing and nipping his way down my ribcage, I’m on fire.When he finally reaches the top of my mound, my fingers twine in his hair. The first touch of his lips at the top of my slit makes my hips rise insistently, begging for a more aggressive attack.“Michael… baby, please…”His open-mouthed chuckle ends with my entire vulva surrounded by his lips. Sucking in his cheeks, he runs the flat of his tongue firmly up and down my slit, rasping against my clit at the top of each stroke. His hands grip the sides of my thrashing hips, and my rising cries seem to make him more determined; he keeps up the onslaught until my body erupts in a bone-shaking orgasm.“Yeeeeessssss! YES!” Now the tears come from a place of overwhelming relief.My contentment is short-lived; When he stands to stretch, I see that his cock has regained full strength, and instantly, I’m hungry again.I turn onto my stomach in front of that beautiful erection and open wide.Without hesitation, Michael slides his cock along my expectantly extended tongue. His fingers wrap around the back of my head from both sides, and he makes sweet love to my mouth. Whenever I roll my eyes up to his face, the dark intensity of his gaze tells me how very good I am at pleasing him this way—not that he’s ever given me a reason to doubt it. And this time, I know there will be no surprises.But despite how much I love serving him this way, my pussy starts to ache to finally feel him inside me. After several minutes, I place a hand against the front of his hip to signal a break. Then, pulling back onto all fours, I turn around and present my backside.“What?” Michael asks playfully, knowing full well what I need now.“Please, Michael, give it to me. Fuck me, baby. Fuck m—Aaaahh!!!”Michael slams deep into me, my orgasm-primed pussy taking him easily to the hilt. Without pause, he begins to thrust, and the feeling of his cock stretching me and sounding the depths of my cavern is… just… everything!But for his commanding hands, I’d be out of control. Sometimes pushing back to meet his pounding hips, sometimes on my face and clawing at the sheets, I take everything he’ll give me—even several sharp slaps to my buttocks that I enjoy more than I’ll feel comfortable admitting tomorrow. All the while, animalistic sounds and unintelligible words burn their way out of my throat, driving us both to our limit.At long last, Michael’s long, powerful strokes ripanother orgasm—completely different from yet just as overwhelming as the first—from my core. My body quakes as his fingers dig into my hips, and he erupts with me. He thrusts several more times, his hot cum filling me and flowing out around his cock each time he pulls back. The sensation of him fucking my cum-filled pussy sets off an aftershock in me. The clasping squeeze around his cock triggers one last thrust of his hips, followed by a shudder.We’ll be so tired tomorrow, I know. But God, thank you! We both needed that.