(L) – This story contains strong language.Hey friends! First things first, I think I’m going to start most of my stories with this disclosure: Cal and Cindy are not our real names.If you’ve read my previous stories you know Cal has been away, and his trip kept getting prolonged. As much as I enjoy playing with my toys, they’re a poor substitute for the man I married. But he’s finally back! This is the story of what happened upon his return.*****I arrive at the airport around 5pm to get my much-missed husband from the airport. I’m driving our large SUV.  It doesn’t make sense for a childless couple to have a Tahoe, but it’s paid off and we like camping in it.After driving the airport loop three times, I finally see him in arrivals. I pull the car to the curb and hop out. I’m wearing a zip-up hoodie that doesn’t quite go below my ass, so you can see my cute butt poking out underneath. I’m also wearing shorts, but they are SHORT, so until I throw my arms around my husband’s neck and stand on my toes to hug him, it’s not possible to tell if I have anything on beneath the hoodie.I honestly thought our tongues would be down each other’s throats the second we had each other, but we just hug. He picks me up with one arm on the small of my back and presses me to his body as I rest my head in his shoulder. Usually, I’m not this emotional, but I nearly cry.“I missed you so much,” he says.Raising my head up off his shoulder, I kiss him. He slips his tongue into my mouth and we kiss passionately for a moment—but not long enough. I want to jump his body right here. We like a romp outdoors, and even in risky or viewable places. Some favorites include nude beaches, just off the trail while hiking, against a hotel window, a place featured later in this story, etc.). But the arrival sidewalk at a busy international airport is not a good place for the activities I have in mind.“I love you,” I say after a while.As I help him load his two suitcases, we kiss again at the back of the Tahoe.“Will you drive?” I ask.“I’m so tired,” he says.“I’ll keep you awake,” I say.With that I hop in the passenger seat, on my knees with my belt awkwardly around my small frame, just so I can be facing him with my entire body.He tells me a little about his trip. We haven’t been apart for this long in our entire marriage, and it sucked. (So a quick thank you to our service members who go for months or even years at a time apart: thank you for your sacrifices).I’m usually a better listener, but right now, after so long apart, I just want his dick, and I barely understand what he’s saying.While we’re still in the airport complex, Cal pulls up to a red light.“Look at me, Cal,” I say. He obliges my request and I slowly unzip my hoodie and reveal my near-nakedness: the tiny shorts, and nothing on my top half under the hoodie. I toss it into the back seat and then maneuver out of my little shorts. I’m wearing a thong. If you readmy JOI story, I’m wearing that thong! The little black silk one.“It’s broad daylight and we’re about to enter rush hour traffic,” he says, as if we haven’t done this before.“Good, let them see how much I love you,” I say as I bend over the center console and pull his cock out. “I’m your little slut, and it’s been weeks. I’m not waiting three hours to get you off.”Fuck, even flaccid, it feels huge in my little hand. I slurp his still-limp cock into my mouth and start swishing saliva around as it hardens and grows, stiffening into my throat. I gag slightly as it pushes further back. Yes, yes, yes! There’s just something so fucking primal about feeling a cock grow and force its way into my throat without me pushing my head over it. I grab one of Cal’s hands and put it on my head so he can help me stay down as he stretches my throat wide. I push my tongue hard against the base and pull it back and forth. Finally, he’s as hard as he gets, like a steel rod wrapped in silk.“Fuck, I missed that,” Cal says and pulls me up with a firm grip on my hair.I’m in a twisted sort of position, leaning over the console with my ass pointing toward the window and Cal maneuvers my head so I’m looking up at him.“You’re such a good little slut for me, aren’t you?” he growls as he looks between me and the highway.“Yes, daddy,” I say as spit spills from my mouth.I lower myself back over him and start sucking again. I’m frantic. I missed this dick so damn much. I hear Cal put the blinker on and I arch my back and stick my ass up even more. I’m bobbing my head up and down knowing that anyone we pass could get a view of my round ass, my thong that disappears into my cheeks and barely covers my pussy lips, all while I’m sucking my husband off.At some point, I realize we’re slowing down in heavy traffic. Soon we’re at a complete stop, with only small moves forward. Now my ass is truly exposed!There’s something you should know about me if you don’t already: I love the thought of being seen naked. And I totally would get naked right here, but I stop myself.I pull my head up, stroke his cock and ask, “I want to be naked, but what does my husband want?”“I want you naked too, like the good little slut I married,” Cal says. (When we got married I was a “bad slut” and he knows this—in the past, I was a stripper. But now I’m his “good slut!”)I get back down and roll my tongue around his dick while I reach back and remove my thong. I’m.. so.. wet!I keep working away. I can make this man cum fairly quickly if I need to, but there’s something about road head where he can last for hours. A few miles down the road we merge onto another highway heading north. We’re cruising now, and I’m sure my ass gets shown off to the occasional driver as we pass them, but I don’t know for sure because my face is still buried in Cal’s lap.About thirty minutes into this blowjob, he taps my head and his balls tense.I grab my thong from its seat and lift my head to his tip and I stroke him using my panties. He cums, rope after glorious rope. It’s so warm and salty. Fuck, I can’t get enough. Stroking him as fast as I can, he shoves my head down. I spill cum all over the panties that are bunched up around his cock and balls. He deposits another rope directly into my throat. He pumps his hips upward, giving me every last drop of his seed. There is cum all over as it drips down his cock and balls, my hand, and the panties.He pulls my head up, this time all the way. As I keep stroking him with cum-covered panties, I have to support myself with one hand on the center console.In my slutty voice, I tell him “I missed you so fucking much.”“I can tell. I can’t wait to fuck that pussy,” he says, his voice low and gravelly.He grabs the panties from around his cock and wipes my tits with them and then brings them to my lips. Obediently I bite them, holding them between my teeth.I sit back. There is cum all over. It’s on my neck, dripping down my cleavage, on his lap, the center console. I find where the thong is most cum-soaked and suck it. I cannot stress how much I missed him and his cum. I bend back over and slurp up what I can.“Sit up. I want you to fuck yourself. Can you do that for me?” he asks.I sit up and put my feet on the dash. As one hand rubs cum over my breasts, the other finds its way to my pussy. I open it with my index and ring fingers, then slip my middle finger into myself. I’m torturing myself with just this finger—I want more, but I want him. I take cum from my tits and slide it over my bald pussy. (I got waxed just this morning for him).“Harder,” Cal encourages me. “I want to hear how wet that pussy is. I can’t watch as well as I want, so let me listen.”Obliging his hunger, I slide three fingers in and start pumping them back and forth. I moan for him and the squishing sound as juices splash around my pussy and onto my thighs is unmistakable.We’re out in the country now and we pass fewer and fewer truckers. But a few get a good look at my tits as I pleasure myself in this seated position. Cal limits their viewing time to a few seconds as we pass them. I’m probably going to be the fuel behind several solo acts later tonight.“Cal, I’m going to… fuuuuuuuuuck!” I squeeze my legs together as I finally climax. I take my fingers and put them in Cal’s mouth. He slurps and rolls his tongue around.Cal pulls off the highway onto some small mountain road with no services.“Are you ready to get fucked?” he asks.This reunion is about to get even better!(Stay tuned for part two and beyond!)