I met Linda my freshman year in college. She was a sophomore and I was just beginning my studies towards pastoral ministry. Linda caught my eye immediately. She had beautiful brown eyes and a great smile. Although she dressed modestly, I could see she had great breasts and long legs that went to “heaven.”We started dating which on a Christian campus required creativity. I immediately fell head over heels in love with her. We both came from conservative Christian homes (hers more conservative than mine). She was kind of shy, and very prim and proper. I wondered what it would be like when we got away to ourselves.Our first kiss took my breath away. She was warm and sensual and quite an aggressive kisser.We got engaged in April and did not get married until 14 months later. I would not suggest such a long engagement. We were both committed to be virgins until married, but it was HARD. We spent a lot of time together kissing—hot, wet, hungry, deep kisses. In trying to keep the boundaries, I never felt up her breasts or had my hand near her vagina. But we did hold each other tight and I could feel her breasts against me.There were just a few times when I allowed my fingers to graze against the sides of her breasts. I even slipped my fingers inside the buttons of her blouse and felt the skin of her cleavage. But we told ourselves we wouldn’t do that again. I did caress her legs to mid-thigh under her skirt, but never any further. When we were driving she would often lay her hand on my thigh. She never touched my penis, but it drove me crazy.Here is a funny side note. Late one evening, we were kissing passionately in the den of her home. Our legs were kind of intertwined. My penis was rubbing tightly against her leg. Suddenly I felt that throbbing sensation that I couldn’t hold back. It kept building until finally it erupted. I, of course, shook and straightened out my leg.“Is something wrong?” Linda asked.“No,” I said, “I just had a cramp.” I excused myself as soon as I could and went into the bathroom to clean myself off. As I look back, I’m sure she felt my hard penis against her leg and figured out what happened.Our wedding was in the evening so it was pretty late when we got to the hotel. I was really nervous, not knowing quite what to expect. We unloaded our things, and I even bought a newspaper to look nonchalant. As I read it, my mind was going a hundred miles per hour.Linda said, “Why don’t I head to the bathroom and get ready for bed.”I took my clothes off down to my boxers and covered up in bed with great anticipation.Linda came out finally in a nightgown—not overtly sexy, but revealing enough. I didn’t know what to expect. She is very modest and wasn’t comfortable getting undressed in front of me. But she crawled into bed, scooted next to me, and we began kissing. Not enough is said about the sensual value of kissing. The first time we French kissed, every nerve in my body tingled. I always thought the sensation of another person’s tongue in your mouth was similar to a penis entering a vagina.As we kissed and hugged each other, I could feel her breasts up against between the silky nightgown. Our bare legs were wrapped around each other and I was in heaven. She was moving against me and breathing deeply. Slowly, my kisses went down her neck to her cleavage. I felt her breast. I was so turned on. I ran a finger across her nipple and it was so hard. It wasn’t long until her nightgown was pulled up and I saw those amazing breasts. I feasted on them and could tell this was really turning her on.Finally my hands made it down her stomach, then lower, and I caressed her thighs until I finally touched her outer lips. I explored with my finger and I kept hearing her say, “Oh my. Oh my. Oooh my. OH MY!” She was so wet.She also reached over and touched me through my boxers. Then she ran her fingers under the boxers and felt my bare skin. I almost came right then as she fondled me. Finally, she spread her legs and urged me to get on top of her. She had brought some KY lubricant gel, so I entered her pretty easily. We didn’t screw long. We were just learning, and I went off pretty quickly. But the feeling was unforgettable: my penis in her, the wet throbbing of her vagina, and us looking into each other’s eyes and knowing we were shame-free.No, she didn’t orgasm that first time. That came a bit later in our marriage, but the feeling for both of us that night was pure bliss.After we cuddled a while, laughed and talked, she got very turned on again and I became hard as a rock. So we did it again. This time she got on top for a while. I loved watching her move against me—her breasts moving up and down, her nipples hard, and how she smiled and enjoyed herself. So perfect!I though that was probably it. But after I fell asleep for a little while, I felt her hands at my penis again. We did it again. This time I tried kissing my way down her stomach and performing oral sex on her. It was a new experience for both of us and took some time for her to relax and enjoy it.We still weren’t very skilled at screwing each other. But believe it or not, we ended up doing it a fourth time!My message is this: I am so glad we waited. It will always stand out as one of the greatest days of our lives. We have been married 56 years now and we still enjoy sex with each other. We learned a lot of things about pleasing each other through the years, but what a great beginning it was.