If you haven’t read them yet, here are links toPart 1andPart 2in this series:Three minutes go by, then four. Finally, she invites me into the kitchen, where fragrant candles flicker. The sliding glass door gives a mirror effect, and she has poured a glass of red for us to share. It tastes almost as sweet as her kisses.I really admire her creativity, as I hadn’t expected a kitchen setting for our romantic interlude. The flickering glow of candlelight enhances her gorgeous body and sensual movements, and her sleek black dress catches the glow from the lighted candles.Taking her in my arms, I kiss her passionately. She presses herself against my bulging manhood and moves her hips into me. Slowly, I slip her dress off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Now, all my gorgeous wife has on is her high heels and sheer black panties. She looks, well… amazing!I sprinkle her neck with kisses, and she turns around with her naked back toward me, lifting her hair off her neck. I know what she wants from experience, so I begin kissing her beautiful skin, starting on the back of her neck, then moving to her shoulders. She responds with a slight sway of her hips, pushing her butt teasingly against me.I bend to reach her mid-back, and my kisses track lower, moving down her back to the sexy curve in her low back, one of her favorite places for my lips. I feel her tremble as I venture even lower.As she lightly moans, my lips move to her shapely, firm butt cheeks, barely visible through her sheer, black panties. Her trembling increases, as does her breathing. I knew this was what she wanted, and more. Slowly, I slip her panties off and expose the most voluptuous butt any man could dream of, begging for my kisses, which I give generously!I reach the bottom of her cheeks where they meet her rear thighs. Nibbling in the fold, I use my fingers to tease her wet flower, awaiting my kisses. Exploring her features, I move down to the back of her soft thighs. She slides her feet apart to open her legs, inviting my lips to move in where she’s pulsing with desire.She instinctively bends forward, puts her forearms on the counter, and arches her back, exposing her aromatic treasures. I lovingly accept her invitation and kiss my way up her inner thighs, then to her moistness.She moans out loud now with exotic sounds of delight. She describes her pleasure in explicit detail as my tongue ravishes her flower. As I eat her out from behind, I take in the view, aroma, and taste of her juices and the smoothness of her skin, which makes me so hard I can barely contain myself.She whimpers, “Oh, yes, yes, baby. Ohhhh, that’s so good! Please, I need your dick inside me, honey! Please f… me, baby, f… me hard!” Yeah, she’s losing her modesty and self-control! But only for me.So I turn her around, and she kisses me aggressively, taking in her own sex juices from my mouth. Then I lift her up and lean her back on the counter. Lifting her knees up gives me complete access to kiss her legs.Her high heels fall off, and I start kissing her pretty feet. She loves the sensuality of this and rubs her nipples as she watches. Then I begin working my way up… ankles… calves… knees, taking in the taste of each part. Her sighs increase and her body trembles as my kisses reach her luscious inner thighs.Mmm, delicious.