Once when we were visiting my in laws they offered to watch the kids while the wife and I went out for ice cream. It had been a long day and my wife had been surreptitiously flirting all afternoon. When no one was watching she would press up against me, grab my butt or my crotch, or bend over in front of me and purposely take a long time picking things up. I returned the favor when I could and I figured we would be having a good night that night. If the baby would stay asleep, which was unlikely. So when her parents offered to watch the kids while we went out, she jumped at the chance, almost running out the door. I followed, wondering if she had something planned.I didn’t have to wait long. We had barely gotten out of the driveway when she began rubbing my crotch. I was hard almost instantly and couldn’t keep from squirming.“What’s the matter?” she asked, shooting me a sexy smile. “Better keep your eyes on the road mister,” she purred in a sultry voice as she unzipped my fly and pulled penis out of my pants. It was very difficult to focus on driving with her expert fingers stroking my erection and whispering sexy things in her beguiling bedroom voice.“Oh no,” she said as we made the turn into the parking lot. “You didn’t come. It looks like you will just have to wait.” And with that she gently tucked my rock-hard dick back into my pants. She giggled as I zipped back up and adjusted myself, then waited for me to open the door for her. She stepped out of the truck, glanced down at the bulge in my pants, then brushed it with her hand as she stepped past me.“Having a little trouble there?” she asked with sultry smile as I took her hand and led her into the shop. We had a good time, chatting and flirting as we ordered and enjoyed our ice cream. She kept glancing at my crotch and smiling at me. I thought I had hid the bulge pretty well, but my dick was straining for release pretty much the whole time.It was a fun date, but I was more than ready to hop back into the truck with this vixen. Sure enough, we had barely pulled out of the parking lot when she had pulled my dick out of my pants again.“Are we going to make it home?” she asked, her expert fingers working their magic on my dick.“If you want to,” I said, struggling to stay on the road. “Unless you know a place to pull off.” She thought about this, licked her fingers, then went back to stroking me with barely a “hmm.” I wasn’t sure what she was thinking, but I was up for just about anything at that point, whether it was going back to the in-laws and risking interruption by the baby, or bending her over on the side of the road.“Pull off here,” she said as we passed her church. I eagerly complied and, after circling the lot to make sure we were alone, I pulled off into a corner of the empty lot and shut down the engine and the lights.I had only just put it into park when she practically dove into my lap, engulfing my dick with her mouth. The warmth and wetness of her mouth felt like heaven on my penis as she bobbed up and down. Her thumb and forefinger circled around the base of my dick, stroking up and down in time with her mouth. I moaned at the ecstasy of this moment and slipped a hand under her shirt to unclasp her bra, then fondle her newly-freed breasts.She picked her head up from my lap and began undoing her pants. I did the same, and soon we were both naked from the waist down. I slid my seat back as far as it would go then leaned it back as she crawled over and mounted me. The feel of her wet pussy sliding down over my erection was glorious beyond description.I lifted her shirt as she ground her hips against me, and grabbed her boobs. They hung tantalizingly just in front of my face, swaying with each of our movements. I cupped one in my hands and brought it to my face where I sucked on her erect nipple. She moaned and began bouncing up and down on my shaft.I switched to the other boob, playing my tongue across her hardened nipple. She moaned louder, grabbing the back of my head to pull me in closer to her chest. I was lost in the moment, suckling her nipple, one breast pressed to my face, the other bouncing against my cheek, her fingers desperately grasping the back of my head, her pussy hungrily sliding up and down my penis, the sounds of her wanton moans and ragged breath filling my ears. Such sweet music, increasing in tempo until that first climaxed gripped her. She bucked and tensed, her hand and her pussy grasping me tightly for those few intense seconds until the orgasm passed.Breathing rapidly, she slipped off of me then turned around, putting her hands on the passenger seat, a foot on the floor and her other knee on the center console, presenting her ass to me. I half stood half kneeled behind her, grasped her hips, and slid into her eagerly waiting pussy.“Oh yes!” she moaned as I filled her pussy. I glanced out the windows to make sure no one had pulled up while we were busy, then began to pound her pussy. I pushed her shirt and bra up out of the way so I could freely access those lovely, swinging tits of hers. We were both close to climaxing and all inhibitions were gone. I grabbed her hips and pounded her pussy hard, punishing her for teasing me so. She cried out loud as she loves to do, pushing her ass back against me with each thrust.“Yes,” she moaned. “Cum for me, fill my pussy. Oh, oh! OHHH!” she screamed as I came, ropes of cum shooting out of my pulsing rod and filling her pussy, pushing her over the edge into another intense orgasm.After a brief moment to catch our breath, we slipped apart and dressed. We kissed, then drove off, another happy memory sealed away in our hearts. Oh, if her old Sunday school teachers knew what she had done in their church parking lot!