This is written from my wife’s point of view.For the first time in three months, we had a Saturday with no one around. The day went as normal, with Hubby building a deck and some raised beds for my garden while I cleaned and did laundry. I’m generally too busy to think about sex, but today was different.Every now and then I would have a “Gee, I’d like to get pounded pretty good tonight” type of thought. Since I hadn’t had a good pounding in a while, I decided to entertain them. I changed into a thong and rubbed some enhancer on my clit. It’s supposed to be vanilla frosting flavored, but it smells like pancake syrup!So all afternoon I was getting warmed up to the idea and planning what I’d do to make sure I’d get the attention I needed.After dinner, hubby took a shower, then started watching the spring football league playoffs for a bit. The oversized t-shirt I was wearing covered the fact that I’d taken my shorts off. He could tell that I’d put my bra in the was, and I’m sure he enjoyed watching me fold laundry in addition to the game.When I finished, I took a deep breath, went over and straddled his lap. I gave him a big kiss along with an “I want you” look.The TV clicked off and he slid his hands up and down my back while we kissed. Naturally, his hands ended up on my butt and he said “Mmmm” when he noticed I had a thong on. I kept my hands on his shoulders and resisted grabbing his cock through his shorts. I wanted him focused on me. I needed to be pleased and I knew what I wanted.After a few minutes I sat up and took my shirt off, giving him free access to my tits. My nipples were very hard and he wasted no time sucking on them and playing with them. It feltsooogood! I moaned and shoved my tits into his face. I wanted him to suck and bite on both of them, so I first cupped the right one for him, and then the left one. He loves doing this, and I was loving the attention. But that was just the beginning of what I wanted.I bent down and kissed him hard, then said, “We need to go upstairs, you have a lot to do.” I led him upstairs, and I’m sure he enjoyed watching me and noticing that my thong was soaked.In the bedroom, he took his clothes off. I stroked his now very hard cock for a second, then put it between my legs while we kissed some more.  I really wanted him in me, but I had a plan. So I lay on the bed, spread my legs and told him to kiss me.He loves going down on me and was more than happy to suck and lick my pussy any way I wanted. I have to get into it, but once I do, it is incredible!He licked, sucked and nibbled at me until I was ready to explode! I grabbed his head and pulled his face into me and demanded, “Suck my clit!” That ALWAYS makes me cum hard, and this was no exception. After I came, I let him lick me for another minute or two, and he gave me another small one. Now it was time for a surprise for him.“Go wash your face and I’ll suck on your cock so you can give me some more.”But he had a counter-offer: “I’m hard now. How about I give you some now, and then I’ll do you as long as you like.”That was my kind of deal! So I asked, “How do you want me?”“Just like this,” he said. “I love to watch those tits bounce while I’m giving it to you.”I said, “Okay but I want you to really give it to me hard!” All the while, I thought,I wanted a good pounding and it looks like I’m getting it twice, this is great!OH MY GOODNESS! His cock felt fantastic, and he delivered the goods! My tits bounced all over the place, and I moaned as he slammed into me with all that he could. The poor guy struggled to stay standing as he came inside me. That made me giggle a bit, but he didn’t complain about it. My pussy was now really full, and I felt great.But we weren’t done. I wanted more.“Go clean up,” I told him, “and I’ll suck on you until you’re hard again. I want some more!”I lay there enjoying the treatment I’d just received and waited for him to come back upstairs. (He’d get laid more if he’d finish the upstairs bathroom project!)When he got back upstairs and lay on the bed, I put my head in his lap and began to play with his cock while he rubbed my back—another of my favorites! He loves it when I scratch his cock and balls with my nails, so I started with that to get the blood flowing. When he started to firm up, I put his head in my mouth and sucked him while clawing away.He said I could go harder, and I did, because I wanted that cock some more. It didn’t take long and it was standing at attention, so I swirled my tongue around the head a few times and then swirled my tongue around in his mouth a few times. He was ready to give me more of what I wanted and now we were going to get into what I really like.“You need to get behind me and pound me some more.” He was more than happy to oblige! I got on my knees and demanded, “Put your cock in me NOW!” He filled me up, while I used my favorite vibe on my clit. I started having orgasms in seconds. His cock was hitting all the right spots, and I frequently told him “Harder” or “Faster!” Sometimes he would just grab my hips and pound it into me! The whole thing was even better than I had imagined.I was amazed that, despite all he did to my pussy, he didn’t cum yet! But this girl wasn’t going to complain! I must have gotten at least an hour of his cock in my pussy, and so many orgasms I couldn’t count them!In the middle of him pumping me, I even thought about anal… But it all feltsooogood, and I was so exhausted that it would have to wait for another time.