It all started with making a bunch of soap bubble solution for the kids and grandkids one warm early summer day. We grilled some hamburgers and hotdogs and had a wonderful picnic. My husband had also laid out a long strip of heavy plastic sheet alongside a sprinkler hose to make a slip-and-slide to go with the wading pool and soap bubble blowing.It was about a half hour before sunset when everyone departed Grandpa and Granny’s house. There wasn’t much left to clean up. The little wading pool was siphoning out. I was getting ready to take up the slip-and-slide. Hubby looked over and told me to hold on for a moment as he put lids on what was left in the two five-gallon buckets of bubble solution.Yes, five-gallon buckets. Store-bought bubble stuff was neither enough nor good enough for my guys. Oh no. Grandpa and his kids had to have stuff good enough to blow brilliantly colored bubbles up to six feet in diameter or dozens and dozens one after the other in the six-inch range.A brief interlude seems appropriate here since some of you may want to try not just the bubbles but the truly adult fun that occurred that nice late afternoon. Here’s the recipe. This makes one gallon.Ingredients: 16 oz Dawn dishwashing liquid, One level teaspoon (can use 2 Tsp for extra gooey) Guar gum powder, one or two teaspoons alcohol either rubbing or ethanol, and water to make one gallon total.Put the guar gum powder into a small cup, say 3 oz. Add the alcohol and stir quickly to make a slurry. if you try to ad it directly to water it will almost certainly clump up something fierce and become very difficult to make a homogeneous solution with.Put the water into a large container and begin stirring it fairly rapidly. While stirring the water quickly dump the guar gum slurry before it has time to settle. Keep stirring for thirty seconds or so until the water becomes somewhat cloudy. (If you stop here you end up with the solution that brought on this story.)At this point you can stir in the soap and voila, bubble solution.I looked over to where he was putting the lid on the last bucket of bubble stuff.“Hold up there a bit honey. I have some stuff left over,” he said.I laughed. “I think I’ve blown enough bubbles for one day dear.”“No this is left from making the solution. I’ve got a couple of gallons of gooey water without the soap added yet. Seeing you there with the slip and slide got me thinking.” There was a twinkle in his eye as he said this that began to give me an idea of the general drift of his “thinking”.“What now?”He walked over to me and said, “Let me toss a half gallon of this stuff on the plastic.”I stepped aside and he tossed it to cover a long strip of the slide. “I want to see if we can make a super slip and slide,” he said.He shucked off his shirt and shorts. “Yep,” I thought, “that was the kind of thinking he was doing.” I was partly right.He only took three steps and hit the slide. Wow!! That stuff really was slick. He started to get up and fell right back down. He crawled carefully back up to the start where I stood laughing in amazement. He still didn’t try standing. He just sat there looking up at me.“You have got to try this,” he said when I was done laughing enough to hear.“Why do I have to be naked to try it?”“Well, aside from where I hope that might lead, it’s mostly because I’m not too sure about running clothes soaked in it through the washing machine.”Okay, he actually had a potentially real reason for stripping to try it. It did look like fun though. I stripped. He slid over to the side and away I went.Oh. My. Goodness. What a slide! I didn’t even try to stand up. It was hard enough to crawl. When I got back to where he sat we just hugged, giggled together, and kissed.As we were kissing I noticed how slippery he was no matter where I touched him. And vice versa apparently from what I felt of his roving hands.“Mmmm, that’s nice,” I said as he found my boobs. He was soon sucking one or the other as his hands slipped all over the other.He eventually let me go to set up and say, “I have a great idea.” Reaching over to the side he took the half gallon remaining in the bucket he’d used on the slide and tossed it beneath my chin before I could even flinch. It had been sitting in the sun for the last few hours. I felt a wave of warm goo wash between my breasts, run down my tummy and over my cleft after passing through the muff above it. I had started to squeal when I saw him toss it but the pleasure of it running down me squelched it.“You look really good honey,” he observed.“I feel good too, and now it’s my turn.”“Go for it,” he replied. I poured the other bucket all over his shoulders. He looked really slippery in some very interesting places.I began to investigate what was quickly becoming the most outstanding of them. His hands went back to my boobs. We soon worked one another into nicely excited states.My hands forgot what they were doing and slid off him when he began suckling again. I came to when his mouth full of my breast slowly released it.“This stuff doesn’t taste all that bad. Glad I used ethanol instead of isopropyl.”Lying on his back he said, “You wanna try some?”I gave him a big smile and leaned down to suck his erection into my mouth. Mmmmm, it was nice. I was soon fondling his balls as never before too. They were so, so slippery. When I felt him suddenly become much stiffer in my mouth I let him go and sat up. Then I lay down.He slid me easily till I was stretched out before him, spread my legs and buried his face between them. Ahhh, the payback was wonderful. Just as I began to feel spasms begin down there his tongue traveled up to my belly button without ever losing contact. After a few circles around it the journey continued right up between my breasts, up my neck to my right earlobe and then hopped to my lips. Once there our lips parted to allow our tongues some mutual exploration.He sat up with his knees between my legs. I fully expected him to lean forward and enter me right then. I was certainly ready for it. Instead, he placed his hands on the slide beside my breasts and lifted first one leg and then the other up to place his knees beside my hips. Sitting back on his heels his hands had free run and they made good use of it. From my shoulders down my sides to my hips, back up the center, between or over my breasts again and again. Oh, what a slippery massage.Soon he had worked his knees up to my armpits and proceeded to do something we’d never done before. Leaning over just enough to lay his oh-so-stiff erection right between my slimy breasts he began massaging it with them. He folded them completely over it to make a soft, slippery, warm channel.As his fingers rubbed my breasts over his erection his thumbs ran around and around their nipples. Soon he was pumping his hips back and to slide himself back and forth in that channel. It felt so good I wanted to just lie there and glory in it. On the other hand I had to see this. I just had to. Craning my neck I could just see what his hands were doing with me.I felt him grow even more stiff and push harder and I saw it. The big shiny head of his erection was popping out from between the boobs folded over it at the end of each stroke. He pushed one more time and held it there. That’s when it happened. Right between my eyes, down the left side of my nose, over my lips, into my partly open mouth, he came with a huge squirt. I laid my head back in surprise and felt the next two or three hit me in the chin.He proceeded to rub it all over my breasts with his dick. He sat up, let go of my breasts, shook his head and said, “Wow!”“Wow indeed,” I agreed.“Seems kind of an unnecessary addition of lubrication to lubrication but it sure felt good,” he observed with a chuckle.“Yes it did dear but I was sort of looking forward to putting all that slipperiness into a different very slippery place.”“Well me too for that matter. I guess I got a little carried away there. I think I have a solution for it though.”So saying he rose up and leaned forward to place his hands on the slide above my head. This let his shaft, now at half mast, droop into easy reach of my mouth. No explanation of his solution was needed. I knew what I wanted next so I went very enthusiastically about it. There was a nice salty taste to things now. It didn’t take long at all to get him functional. With a last firm slurp, I let him pop out.“There you go, dear. Now please put it to work.”He did. We slipped and slid all over the place as he pounded away. Everywhere we touched each other we slid. We slipped back and forth as a pair on the slide. It was great. Being the second time for him it also went on and on.I came, and came hard, thirty feet later. He had fucked me nearly the whole length of the slip-and-slide. It was fantastic.Note to the reader: Some people do have a bit of an allergic reaction to guar gum, so do a bit of web work and check first. If you find this useful, I hope you have as much fun as we did. Oh, it really is a very good bubble solution.