I was at the sink washing my smeared make-up off.  More importantly, I was basking in the amazing glow of our re-connection and commitment.  I’ve never been more happy in all my life.  Thinking of his last words before falling to sleep.“I love you and all that matters is you, me and US!”Michael startled me as he stepped into the bathroom and grabbed my ass.  I jumped and we kissed good morning.  My hand instantly slid down his chest and belly and took hold of his large semi-hard cock.  Michael moaned as I stroked his cock and he began to swell.  I looked into his eyes as I brought him to full hardness.“Yes Michael, I love how you respond to me.  You like how I touch you?  Now give into your desires, your emotions, your wanton lust, be 100% selfish with US.”I guided Michael to the bed and laid him back as I straddled his waist.  Taking his cock, I rubbed his fat head against my wet and swollen pussy.  I moaned as I love the feel of his cock and knowing soon I will feel him inside me again.  His hands grabbed my waist and held me firm.  My body trembled as he pulled me down and his cock began to stretch me and enter my pussy.“Be selfish with me and take me.”Michael pulled me down hard and I cried out in pleasure.  I fell on him, our lips crushed together, and we kissed deeply.  Pulling away, I gasped.“Oh Michael, your cock, mmmh, your cock feels so good. It’s so big and stretches me, filling me completely.”I sat up and started bouncing up and down on his full length.  Michael thrust up into me each time, taking my breath away.  My big tits bounced around wildly.“That’s it baby, ride my cock, so good. Make me give it to you harder.”“Do it, please do it.  Show me what you need, desire and lust for.  Be selfish and fuck me, own me.”Michael pulled me down with power and thrust with even more power.  My body shook and my pussy spasmed around his beautiful, pleasure-giving cock, and my juices washed over him.  My body tingled like never before.  I was on fire.  Michael held me down tight.  I felt a twinge of pain deep inside me, mixed with a most pleasurable feeling I can’t describe.  Michael groaned and his cum shot off into me over and over. My pussy spasmed and milked his cock.