Writing and posting our stories about coming to terms with my wife Beth’s sexual history with her ex-fiance Alex has been very beneficial — for me and for us.But perhaps not as much just for her.I’ve been looking for a way to help Beth feel less estranged from herself, more whole. Because of my past jealousy and her own regret of her actions, she hasn’t been fully at ease with her complete self for some time now.Spiritually, we interpret the Atonement secured by Christ’s sacrifice as the word itself originally signified, as an at-One-ment: at one with the Lord, with the universe, with all of humanity, and with oneself. As we approach at-One-ment, we see that boundaries between these are weaker than we think and more fluid, giving us a glimpse of Paradise.I feel awful for my role in Beth not feeling that sense of oneness with herself. We wish for her sexual past to assume the same minor place in her psyche as, say, her masturbatory history or fantasy life. While we’ve been successful in getting me there, it seems that the same cannot be said for her. We had some catching up to do.Beth reports that our stories that include mention of her past have given us healing and brought us closer together than the stories solely focused on us. We decided that a story from her point of view, in her words (more or less), is the final step.Additionally,my last story about coming to terms with Beth’s sexual history, although approved by her, was a little intense. We wanted our next story to be lighter.As it happened, we both recently finished reading one of those books that look at history through the lens of a specific small idea or artifact. You know the kind, like ‘English History through its Beverages’, or ‘The Presidency of Lincoln from his own Correspondence’. They’ve become a bit of a fad, but it gave us an idea.Thus, in an attempt at a fun challenge and to help achieve some semblance of wholeness within Beth, no longer separating herself into warring parts, we now happily and jointly present our latest and (we think) last story: a sexual history of Beth through the testimony of her tits.[From the Editor: MH stories, as a rule, describe sexual activity solely between husband and wife. This storyincludesconversationbetween husband and wife about her past sexual encounters. We decided to publish this series because it is meant to encourage others on the same journey to acceptance of the past. It is an exception to the rule and not meant to set a new precedent.]Initial Thoughts“At first I was embarrassed, then annoyed. I had to get new clothes and go bra shopping with my mom. It didn’t take long to settle into my present size—pretty full but not too large. Jerks would sometimes yell out when I went jogging.“But then I discovered touching myself and started to feel ownership of my breasts. I touched them when I’d masturbate. It always used to just tickle, but now it started feeling great, connected to my vagina through some deep neural passages. I’d rub my clit with one hand and take turns rubbing my nipples with my other hand. I learned how connected my nipples were to my pussy, and I realized how good it was to have tits. I gave myself an orgasm every night, I think.Sex Appeal“My first semester of college, I had a chemistry lab partner named Dan, who was cute and shy. We never dated, but he did come to a concert of mine, and we would flirt a little in lab. I caught him looking down my cleavage. It was pretty flattering, so I started to wear lower-cut clothes sometimes. (Nothing too risque, just womanly.) It turned me on, too. Once I went braless for him. He couldn’t see my nipples directly, I don’t think. I acted like I never knew he looked. I didn’t want to torment him, the poor guy, so it was never too much.”First Touches“Besides you, Alex has been the only one to touch or see my breasts. We were dating for six months and thought we were deeply in love when we progressed from just making out. First, he felt my breasts over my clothes, then he put his hand up my shirt. I liked it, but I was embarrassed.”“Why?”“My nipples got so hard.”The Trick through the Sleeves“I think the first time I took my bra off under my clothes was in a movie theatre with Alex and his parents. I was visiting them over spring break. He touched me in the dark.”First Clue He was Big“I can remember the first time I was completely topless because it was also when I discovered he might be big. We were dry humping. We were both wearing jeans, and I could definitely feel a large bulge between his legs.“Did you cum?”“I can’t remember, so probably not. But he did.”Unexpected Response“Soon, he learned how to take a bra off, and I’d be topless when we made out. That’s when he started sucking and licking my tits in between kissing me. I couldn’t believe…”“Only share it if you want to…”“I couldn’t believe how wet it made me.”Handjob Finale“Sometimes I’d rub my nipples along him… along his dick, during a handjob.”“Did he ever cum on you?”“…Yes. The first time it was an accident, and then he asked for it once. We were in college, and I remember going to class with a sweater over my sticky shirt. But it was only those two times because… other things progressed.“I can’t believe I’m sharing all this, but it does feel good. It helps to say it; it helps lessens the secret shame. I don’t want to be ashamed for the rest of my life at being sexual, only a little chagrinned and embarrassed that I was sexual with him, now knowing you and marrying you.”A Surprise Upon Losing her Virginity“It happened the night we got engaged, but I honestly don’t too remember much about it. It hurt a lot at first, but then it felt better. I didn’t cum.“Later that night, I was on top of him. I was surprised he could suck on my breasts while making love. I’m not sure why, but I never thought about that being possible.”Bj Indicator Light“This was a week or two later; I was… too sore for intercourse. As soon as I woke up the morning after giving my first bj, I remembered it, and my nipples got hard. They were hard all day whenever I thought about it. My mom even asked if I was wearing a bra. I guess it took a while for me to process it. All of a sudden, I was… different, I was someone who…”“Gives blowjobs?”“Swallows.”“Wow.”“Sorry… I guess I always figured I’d be giving blowjobs once I learned it was something people did. But I never really thought about how they would end. He didn’t give me any warning, it just happened. He ejaculated in my mouth. It felt pretty natural to swallow.“It was a big feeling of accomplishment, making a guy feel that good. I liked it. It seemed like a big deal because he liked me swallowing so much, but it also seemed pretty natural.“That’s what I was realizing about myself the next day, that I liked that I was a cum swallower. It made my nipples hard to realize that dirty name applied to me.”A Nice Difference“I like that when I go down on you, you leave my breasts alone. It seems greedy to want to touch them then.”Another Difference: Her Turn“Being eaten out was when I first experienced an orgasm from another person. But I love when you sometimes reach up to rub my breasts while eating me out. You’re the only one to do that. It makes my orgasms so much bigger.”Doggy Style“I think of this as something only we’ve done even though it’s technically not true; Alex and I did it only once or twice, very briefly, toward the end. And we were both on the bed, so we didn’t even think to try what you and I do, with my breasts. He missed a big opportunity.On the Phone, Tits Out“I still masturbate to this memory. (This one and all the rest are just about you and me, you know. I know it doesn’t matter, but in a way it does, at least to me.)“We were only apart for a month, but we really missed each other. If it started any other way, like if we planned it or it happened quicker, it wouldn’t have worked; we would have stopped. But you knew to go slowly. The conversation died down, but we didn’t want to hang up. Just the two of us breathing, whispering sweet nothings.“Was it obvious when we started? Eventually, you said it: you were starting to touch yourself over your pants. I was too embarrassed to say what I was doing, but you knew how to get me to respond. You asked if my nipples were hard.“They were. I spent more time rubbing them, getting them bigger. I got topless. You said you took off your boxers. I still touched my tits, but I started between my legs, too. I don’t think I was ever so wet.“We should do that again.”From the Side“Being married, with our own bed, has so many benefits. I love having the time and closeness to experiment. I like that variation of spooning we do where I’m almost on my back and one of your arms is around under my neck, so you touch both my breasts with a hand each. One of my hands is on my clit, although I sometimes cup your balls. I love feeling both of my nipples handled by you. I love cumming all over your perfect cock.”Doggy Style Done Right, Breast Edition“We discovered our favorite way to go from behind. Me on the bed, on my hands and knees, you standing behind on the floor. You reach around to touch my breasts. That gets me so wet. And when you get me going with my tits, I reach back to rub my clit. I love how you pinch my nipples hard just when I cum.”Sitting Up on You“It really takes trust and closeness with you for me to do this still. It just seems so… in your face.“Did you like that one? I just love completely letting myself go, sitting on your face, all opened up on your mouth, leaning back on my hands. Then you reach up and grab my breasts, rubbing my nipples between your finger and thumb, circling them. I love thinking about them pointing up to the ceiling, you making them bigger and bigger, driving me crazy.”Holding Her Own“You’re very inventive—or more bold than me. I would never have thought to hold my breasts for you to lick and suck while we make love in missionary, or if I did think of it, I’d be too shy. I’m glad you asked for it. I guess it’s like how you sometimes enjoy holding yourself when you cum in my mouth.”A Mother’s Milk“It’s one of my favorite memories. I’m so thankful you loved it as much as I did and that it lasted as long as it did.“I felt so intimately accepted. It must be like how you feel when I swallow your semen.”Helping Her Out“I appreciate how considerate you are those times every once in a while when I don’t cum from sex. I love making myself cum while you lick and suck my nipples.”Her Tits at Sixty-nine“I know we’re still going to be sexually active then. (I hope my tits will still be firm.)But I was instead thinking of when we both go down on each other. There’s almost too much going on, so I like how we sometimes take turns, me just resting my crotch on your face while I suck you, then, alternating, laying my head down on your thigh near your cock while you eat me out.“It’s good you leave my nipples alone during all this. But I also just love feeling your warm hands on the sides of my breasts; it’s such a different angle with me on top of you like that. Should we try to each cum this way sometime? We haven’t tried that yet.”Still Tempting“I do still like noticing guys stealing a peek at my cleavage or trying to subtly and quickly look down my blouse. It’s a nice boost, especially if I know they’re good guys. They just… can’t help themselves. It reminds me of sweet Dan. I won’t say who, but we have a friend whom I’ve caught twice recently.”On Feeling Submissive“My breasts have a lot to do with when I feel most submissive during sex. It’s not while performing oral sex or giving a handjob. (I feel powerful then.) It’s when we’re making love in missionary position. My legs are spread open for you, my pubic hair already wet from my excitement, and your hard cock pumps in and out of me. Then, you do this thing.“You move both my arms above my head under my pillow, moving my hands close together. With one hand, you pin both my two hands down gently but firmly; I can’t move my arms. You lean up a little on your forearm. Then, with your other arm, you roam all around my smooth upper body. You touch above my breasts and both my underarms, driving me crazy. Finally, somehow, you touch both of my nipples at once with just that hand, pinky and thumb. You get my nipples so hard, both at once, and that puts me over the top, being voluntarily, gently, yet firmly held in that position while your perfect cock pumps into me. I don’t usually use this word, but there’s no other way to say it: I feel like I’m really being fucked, good and hard. I love it.”More to Come“I hope this was all okay?”“I only learned one new thing that made me a little jealous. But it was also hot, so you’re off the hook.”“Oh… Do you want to tell me what it is?”“Maybe… but… it’s really alright. It’s just that I’ve never seen you with cum on your tits. I’ve never cum on your beautiful breasts.”“You know, I kind of forgot all about that until writing this history. I’d love having you cum on my tits.”“We don’t have to.”“No, let’s go all out! Let’s surpass it like crazy, like we’ve surpassed everything. We have the rest of our lives. You’ve taught me there’s so much we can do! Do you want me to do it, or you? Do you want me to go to book club with your dried cum on me? Or church? Or my parents? You should take a photo of me sometime, my tits dripping with your cum! Do you want to watch me clean up your cum with my fingers, then lick it up and swallow? Oh, I know! How about this time you lick it off my nipples, then come up and kiss me?“Like I said, we have the rest of our lives.”