Hello, everyone, and welcome to the finale of the series! If you have not, I would heavily suggest readingThe Lady’s Knight: Part 3as it is the setup for this ending, or all of the sections if you want a broader context for the characters and world they inhabit. This was particularly emotional and heartfelt for me to write, so I hope such flavours of romance and heroic love are showcased in this conclusion!Victor’s eyes rested on Bella’s hand as it slowly moved to touch his manhood. He instead beckoned her to sit on his lap, facing him. In utter submission to her husband, she silently moved to the position, her hands placed gingerly on his chest and shoulders, moving about them softly. For a time, they remained this way, until Victor spoke.“Bella, I love you so dearly,” he said as his hand grazed her left cheek, thumbing her lips and supple skin. His other hand rested on her bum, rubbing it to provide comfort in place of any pain that might still remain from his “disciplining.”“Oh, my lord, I love you!” Isabella began to produce tears, which rolled down her cheek. Victor, in a moment of vulnerability, brought her body to him as he embraced her. His head was placed upon her breasts, the scent and lovely warmth of her womanly form comforting. Though no tears were shed from his eyes, Isabella knew how he felt. He held himself there, as Isabella stroked his hair and neck, whispering sweet things into his ears. She knew his pain, his longing.“I love you, more than you could ever realise.” Victor’s words interrupted their embrace, as he brought himself to look to her eyes.“I know, my sweet, I know,” Bella said. “I long for you each day, and each night. Whenever it rains, when the Lord lets the water fall to this earth, I feel a great longing for when you may seek shelter in our home. When the chill air arrives, I first think of where you may seek warmth apart from our lovely fire. I would desire to experience whatever pains you undergo, if it meant you were warm and safe.”“No fire is warm, no air is cold, and no food has taste unless it comes from the Lord,” Victor said softly. “Fortunately, unto me he gave a partner, a wise helpmate and a great beloved, who gives to me the greatest of fires when I am walking in a tundra. The greatest of knowledge when I am shattered and in need of guidance. The greatest of pleasures… for a man who requires such an ambrosia of life…”With this, Victor leaned in and softly kissed her lips. She held her hands around his neck, as she met this embrace as she had the last. Their lips softly combined, opening and closing on one another. Isabella’s tongue drew Victor’s into her mouth, and she wordlessly begged for him to take her once more. Though she loved these delicate moments, there was simply nothing compared to the feeling of being utterly dominated by her husband. Her thoughts of how her husband may look upon her, touch her, all of it was given form and a path of private escape from her daily duties.Victor slowly let go of her lips, a soft sound coming as a result of it.“Bella, you do not understand how much I adore and think of these,” he said as his hands began to rub on her breasts, his fingers circling her buds.“Mmm, I can assure you, my lord, that they are saddened without your touch…” she whispered with a blushing sob.Without warning, he turned to his side, carrying her with him. She was suddenly laying on her back, with Victor positioned to remove his trousers. He suddenly stopped, and looked at Isabella. Her eyes were looking to the side, but it appears she may have just been slyly glancing at his groin.Victor lunged at her, his lips attacking her bosom. Isabella immediately moaned in grateful pleasure, wrapping her legs about him as his lips roughly sucked on her buds and kissed the flesh of her breasts. He kneaded her breasts and pulled on them as his fingers did on her buds.“Oh, my sweet… dear, what do you do to me?” she moaned and gasped as her husband turned her breasts and areolas darker due to his touch.Meanwhile, he wrapped his arms around her thighs, and quickly turned her over. She gasped as her body was thrown about at a whim, but she was absolutely glistening with excitement below. She felt her own wetness as her leg and folds came into contact with one another.With skillful tact, Victor pulled his bride’s hips upward, letting her rest on her hands as her waist and bum pointed directly at him. He began playing with her again. No, toying. Manipulating. Using. His fingers ferociously entered her inner cavern, curving to touch her most sensitive place.“OHHHH…. Oh sir!” Isabella fell back into her own secret world, being subservient to the whims of her husband, her commander.“I will not have this be a simple return to pleasure, my dear. I have been missing from this cottage for far too long to have this be so simple. You will moanat my beck and call,and when you reach your peak will my decision. Is that clear?”Victor was not painfully rough with Isabella—it would be a moral crime to bring harm to her in his eyes—but his roughness was thorough and tasteful, bringing her to the point where all she could do was nod slightly as her panting and moaning continued.He wrapped his other hand about her throat, continuing his exploration of her folds and garden.“Bella, I asked you a question,” Victor said as he added yet another finger, incessantly and masterfully molding his wife into his very own wanton lover. Internally, he was a bit shocked at his position—just over a year prior, he never thought about such things. Intimacy was to be with his bride, should he be blessed with such a life. Until then, it had no place in his life. Yet here he was, with a lady at his mercy.Isabella softly answered, “Yes, sir, yes… please…”“Please, what?”“I want release, sir, please!”“Hmm, I am not sure you do,” he said as he rapidly removed his fingers and firmly slapped her once more on the bum.“OHHHHH YES, SIR!”“What do you want, Bella? Shall I finish the evening here?” Victor growled into her ear as his fingers resumed their unbearable mission.“No, sir… I… oohhh,” Isabella could not think, only moan. She became an automaton, unable to think or formulate words. She was a vehicle of sacred, yet ever so naughty marital passion.“Come now, Bella.Spit. It. Out.”“PLEASE GIVE ME YOUR MANHOOD, SIR!” Isabella moaned loudly and with cheeks that resembled the darkest red rose. However, her mind soon caught her words, making sense of what she had just said.“Bella… so straightforward.” Isabella’s face turned a purple hue as she bit her lips and closed her eyes. She could move away from his grasp, but she did not want to. There was something so erotic about shouting her desires in her most powerful tone, and yet unable to hide her shame. She was exposed, and laid out for him to see. Isabella was broken down, and embarrassed in a way that made her feel trepidation and eagerness.Victor leaned into her ear, and in his signature deep tone, said, “I always want to give to my wife all that I can. Enjoy, my dear, as I will enjoy you.” With this, he laid his searing hot manhood upon her bum, eliciting an audible gasp from her.“Sir, please! Please, I need you…” Isabella’s loneliness had nearly elicited tears from her eyes, as her body slumped forward and her onto her face and forearms. She missed him dearly, and this was as much a cathartic experience with her husband as it was a ravenous claim of her lover. She could feel his long, hard and impossibly hot manhood as it touched the opening to her garden.“My Bella,” Victor said, “take a relaxed pose.” He pushed her forward more, as her hips lay against the bed, raised slightly as she desired to meet his private regions with hers.“Flooded with desire, you are, my dear,” Victor said as he rubbed the very tip of his sword against her.“Sir, pleaseeeee, do not have me wait for an eternity more!”Victor pushed his manhood into her without warning, eliciting a scream of pleasure from her.“OHHH, so burning hot, my lord! Love me, dearest Master!”“Tsk, tsk, tsk, so impatient this night,” Victor growled into her ear, leaning onto his fists, in a planked position. “And now I will have to teach you a grave lesson.”Victor raised his hips, and forcefully brought them down upon her. His manhood was boiling hot, melting her inner caverns as it entered to the fullest extent, touching her innermost regions. As it did, she yelped at the feeling of being so full, only to feel utter despair as Victor brought it out once again.“Ah, so tight and warm, Bella,” Victor moaned as he felt that which seemed as a medicine to his weary body and mind. How often he had dreamed of embracing and making love to his wife, hearing her sweet moans and sounds. His hips contacted her bum, creating an erotic noise of passion between them.“Oh, sir, you feel so wonderful in me!” Isabella used one her hands to touch his forearm, leaning towards it to feel more of her husband. She yearned for more of their bodies to meet, for each smallest portion of her to merrily enjoin to each smallest portion of him. Well… largest, as it would seem now.Victor continued to ram into her sweet womanhood, groaning at the absolute warmth and tightness—a void that drew him in each time we left it. Within themselves, they each prayed in thanks to their Creator, for the lovely passion they shared as man and wife.Isabella was now lost in her lovemaking—raising her hips to meet his thrusts so that his manhood would reach even further into her.Oh, this is so wonderful, I want him to be so deep that he is forever a part of me!Such naughty thoughts came and went as she experienced his wondrous loving.Wishing to alter the positions, Victor removed himself from her hesitantly. As much as he wished to continue, he had much more in mind. He turned her over once more, lifting her to him. Before she could leave the thoughts of their previous configuration, he had her legs over his shoulders, and his hands holding onto her bum. She was hoisted into the air, with the lips of her womanhood just touching the engorged and wet tip of his rod. The fire of his loins was burning still, awaiting release—and she was more than willing.Victor looked deeply into her eyes, as her hands were placed around his neck. If he lowered her just an inch, he would be inside her again. This was not her decision, but his to make. She was to hold onto him, and be ravished by his desires. His sight was sharp, controlled, yet she could see that he was slowly losing his patience, and would soon come to a peak himself.“Bella, whose wonderful lips are these?” Victor asked softly as his manhood rubbed against her labia.Isabella moaned underneath her breathe, and said, “Yours, sir,” with her sight firmly placed onto his. She was beyond being inebriated by passion—she was now enlightened, and brought to a new state of being.Slowly, he lowered his bride onto his wondrous, throbbing sword, their eyes set on each other. Isabella marveled at how easily he lifted her and lowered her, his muscles flexing at her sight. She was at the mercy of his strength and masculinity, and she would have it no other way.“Ohhh, yes, my sweet… make love to me, sir,” she moaned to him as she hid her face in his shoulder, letting him have his way.Victor silently acknowledged, lifting her and lowering her as her attempted to piston his hips upward into her. He was striking new corners of her that she never knew existed until his manhood informed her.“Ahh,” Victor growled and moaned, steadily growing in size and speed as his release neared.“Oh, sir, yes!” Isabella moaned and yelped each and every time. But she desired one more wonderful gift from him, and Victor knew of it.After many powerful thrusts, which felt to be ages, he lowered her carefully onto the pillows, and angled himself up to thrust deeply past her labia, into her womb within.“OHH YES!”Victor’s forehead was placed against her face, as her legs wrapped around his waist. He looked deep into her eyes.“What do you want, Bella?”Panting, Isabella said, “I… I… come into me… please sir, come in me, come in me, I want to be your girl!”Victor planted his lips onto his wife’s, roughly invading her mouth as she gave herself to him. Her legs began to pull him deeper and deeper each time, until Victor reached an apex.“Take this, my love, ahhh!”Victor’s primal noises rung loudly as he thrust one final time into Isabella, his hips firmly planting onto her bum and thighs as his release came. From his searing manhood, boiling warm seed spilled into her womb. She felt the warmth of his orgasm flood her in a rushing wave, mix with her own gushing fluid, and implant itself deeply within her. As if her body desired it greatly, her body held onto his manhood and let his hips vibrate against her.As a warrior would conquer lands, and lay claim to them, she was underneath him. His banner was planned in red across her bum, her bosom, her neck, and lips. He christened his conquest with his kingly seed, planting the seed of love and passion into her. He could do with her as he wished, even now. For the night that remained, she would be more than willing to let him use her in pleasure and passion.She held him against herself, hugging him, her eyes tearing up again at the thought of this experience. His manhood slowly left her, to her chagrin, but she held him nonetheless. He slowly laid next to her, as she continued to hold to him. Her head was on his shoulder, her leg placed gingerly onto his as they were both breathing slowly and falling from great heights of pleasure.Isabella felt the wonderful rush of his gift, painting the skies and lands of her womb, as she reached for the blanket to cover their bodies as the chill was felt once again. As she wrapped them in the blanket, Victor reached around her and wrapped her in his arms.“My lord, you tire me with such things…” Isabella shyly whispered. When she was a maiden, she had thought of what it would feel like if her husband’s hand touched her even slightly, if she spun and danced for him, if she was picked up in his arms, or longed for him. She would giggle and lose sight of it, not knowing much more. But now, she was gushing and turning a deep red at the very thought of what things she had done.Victor used his hand to turn her face up to his, looking into her two emerald globes which were akin to beautiful nebulas distant in the heavens. He sighed deeply, as they studied one another’s complexions. He noticed the quivering of her lips, as she saw how his lips softly curled into a slight smile of satisfaction.“I have given you whatever gifts I can, my dear, as a mortal man.”Isabella smiled softly at her dear husband, as she felt immense gratitude. She leaned in more and said breathlessly, “A gift which no other man can administer unto me. I will cherish it, my lord, as it inspires in me great virtue, great acts, and a lovely feeling that a part of you may just stay with me when you next take leave…” Victor noticed as her voice trembled at the end of her statement, almost as if she was remembering that this would one of many nights, which would come to an end soon enough.“To such a gift you may give form, my dear Bella, as my progeny.”“Hmm, perhaps. If so, I would be delighted to be mother to a young babe,” she said with a smile and a sweet little laugh which made Victor’s heart soften with great admiration.“And what if I was to return, to gift unto you more?”Isabella thought for a moment, her eyes glancing to the side with a bashful look, before looking back to her husband’s curious complexion. Her shy demeanor was visible as she played with his chest hairs, only able to momentarily look into his eyes.“I would receive you within me, as many times as God would wish us to do so. If it be a thousand mighty sons which come from it then I shall raise them, and if it be a thousand cheerful daughters more, I shall raise them as well. Knowing your great power,” she looked into his eyes, “I know a lady is no match for the potency of your love.”“Is that so? Well, you fail to understand something, Bella.”Isabella’s eyes squinted in confusion.“What is it, my lord?”“You believe that man is here to be earthly leader to his wife. Yet, what is known by all wise men, is that a woman rules over her husband by her charm.” He paused to look at his wife, as her eyes softened and her lips quivered once more in admiration and love.“You need not take my pains, to give me comfort. I would burn in a thousand pyres, if it meant you were untouched by the flame. I would be turned to icy stone if it meant your warmth. For you, my Bella, dear Bella, I would live and die a thousand lives.”“My dear husband, you love me more than I could ever put into words,” Isabella teared at the thought of her husband’s sweet poetry, nuzzling into him softly sobbing.“Please, my lord, return to me. I shall be patient, and look after our home. I will read and pray to our Lord, but all I wish from you is safe return… please…” Victor felt her tears fall onto his body, and wrapped her tightly to him. He brought her lips near his, and planted a soft kiss upon her.Unlike the kiss from before, this was much more subtle, speaking not through unabridged, passionate sexuality, but through a silent poem of the lips, sung to the rhythm of the heart. Their lips danced with one another, expressing such sweet and lovely emotions as they parted and rejoined in unison. He broke their union, and looked to her with conviction.“Bella, my dear. Even if my limbs are thrown from my body, I will make my way to you. I will burn a path through this earth so that even in death, I may at last feel the softness of your hands upon my face, the faint brush of your lips against mine.” Isabella felt each word as another blessing in her heart, as she gazed lovingly into the eyes of the man she called “sir,” with such dutiful and heartfelt submission.“I shall consult all of the birds and trees: have you seen my wife, with a womanly waist that serves as an ambrosia to me? Have you seen my love, she with most luscious of lips? Have you seen my beloved, with bountiful breasts whose warmth I so long for? I will find my path to her – and in doing so, the Lord will be my sole protector and guidance. This, I promise you.”Isabella was speechless. Having listened to her husband’s promise, she bowed her head slightly in tender yield, saying, “And this wife of such a man, such a mighty sojourner, shall await him—with open arms, seeking his lovely blessing. This, I promise you, my lord.”I pray that this was a wonderful and inspiring story for you all to read! I am truly so glad to be able to write fiction for this site and share my desires within a fantasy setting. Please suggest any future circumstances or situations for our lovely Victor and his Bella, and I will surely make note of it for future stories! Also, I humbly accept any advice or suggestions on my writing as well. I have several ideas on both the pasts of these characters and future events, so I will be growing their story and the world they inhabit over time, hopefully! “n_n”Joyfully in Christ,SophTea <3