This post contains strong language (L).I’ve never been a fan of Christmas shopping. I only go along to spend time with my wife, but we usually drift apart as she sets off on her mission and I distract myself by perusing some man store.This particular day mostly fit that scenario, except that I had an early work thing and was supposed to meet her at the local plaza. I texted her when I arrived, but since she hadn’t responded, I went to an outlet store and started browsing through things I didn’t need.A woman looking at hockey jerseys caught my eye. She wore no makeup, her hair was short but stylish, and her glasses nicely framed her face. Her button-up shirt was a Western-style plaid and looked a size too big. Her jeans fit but weren’t painted on, and she was wearing strappy, open-toe low heels. This managed to give her the look of a pretty, albeit very grown-up, tomboy. She was completely engrossed in what she was doing and didn’t seem to notice me.I looked away for a moment, but when I looked back, she had bent over slightly and that loose-fitting blouse had opened up between the buttons, giving me an unobstructed view of her creamy boob restrained in a pink bra.She stood up straight, and I looked away, not wanting to be caught. I tried to act nonchalant, but the voyeurism had made me a little careless.She turned suddenly and made eye contact. Shit. Busted. She gave a little smile, though, and seemed thoroughly unfazed as she went back to her shopping.I knew I should go, but I kept watching, frankly hoping she would bend over like that again. I wasn’t disappointed.She found something she liked on a lower shelf, turned slightly towards me, and bent at the waist. Creamy pink-capped cleavage spilled into view, and I was really starting to like that blouse. I looked away again, but when she stood, I saw her glance my way.Unable to stop myself, I looked at her once more, and I was met with that same smile. Definitely time to go. I nodded sheepishly and made my way to a more manly store, becoming engrossed in the fishing lures—so much so, that I wasn’t paying attention.I felt a bump and heard, “Oh! I’m sorry!”It was her. Damn. “It’s fine. My fault.”“No, no. I’m to blame.” With that, she stuck out her hand. “I’m Kaitlyn.”“Hi, Kaitlyn. I’m Kerry. It’s nice to meet you.”This close, I saw how pretty she really was. My cock saw it, too, and as she went into an animated conversation about something or other, he wedged himself under my belt. I hoped she wouldn’t notice.I realized she’d stopped talking and when I looked at her face, she seemed to be waiting for some kind of response.“I’m sorry, I didn’t catch that last part.”There was that smile again. With a glance at my crotch, she said, “I was just asking if you liked my boobs.” My eyes bulged,  and she burst into infectious laughter. “I’m sorry, I couldn’t resist.”Busted again. She seemed to enjoy my discomfort as I stammered an apology.“It’s fine, really. I’m flattered.” Before I could make my excuses and walk away, she said, “So, Kerry, I wonder if you could help me with something.”“Ummm, sure.”She dragged me through the crowd until we were standing in front of someone’s Secret. I hesitated.“Please! I need a man’s opinion!”Somewhat reluctantly, I followed her inside and watched helplessly as she browsed more and more scandalous items. With one in hand, she led me back to a surprisingly deserted changing area.“I’ll just be a sec.” She emerged shortly, wearing what barely qualified as a bra and panties. The set was red, lacy, and showed an obscene amount of everything. Wow.“You like?”“You’re stunning.”She smiled and disappeared back inside, but the door didn’t quite close all the way. She was facing away from me, and I couldn’t tear my eyes from her body as she unclasped the bra and shimmied out of the panties.I realized too late that she could see me in the mirror. There was that smile. She slowly turned, giving me a full frontal view of her exquisite body. My mouth went dry.She stepped to the door and looked around. Satisfied, she took two steps back and gave me the hottest come-hither look I had ever seen. My cock had no hesitation.After I joined her and made sure the door was shut this time, she launched herself into my arms and gave me a smoldering kiss. Her naked body, pressed against me, had turned my cock to stone.She broke the kiss, said, “We don’t have much time,” then turned away from me and placed her hands on the padded bench. Looking back over her shoulder, she said, “Please, Kerry! Fuck me! I need this!”I was way past thinking this through, and after freeing my cock, I buried myself in her molten pussy. She had a hand over her mouth, but her eyes were glued to mine in the reflection.I was trying to be quiet as I frantically fucked this wanton beauty from behind. The nerves, the situation, and the wet pussy wrapped around my cock were getting me there in a hurry.It was getting her there too. She suddenly chirped, pushed her ass against me, and squeezed my cock as she came. That did it for me, and I emptied my balls into this captivating woman. Our breathing slowed, and reality set in.“That was fun, but you have to go.” While I fixed my pants, she peeked out the door and then pecked me on the cheek. “Now! Go now!”I left in somewhat of a haze. No one seemed to notice, though, as I made my way into the crowd.My wife had finally texted back and asked me to get her some lunch, so off I went to the food court. Twenty minutes or so later, I was seated with our lunch. I smelled her perfume before I saw her, and she plopped down and gave me her entrancing smile.“I’m famished! Shopping really wears me out.”“Oh really? I only see one bag.”She she placed her hand on my thigh, winked, and said, “Yeah, but it’s for you.”Peering into the bag, I saw wisps of scandalous red lace.Seeing my reaction, she moved her hand to my crotch and, whispered, “I hear you have a thing for sexy tomboys.”“Guilty.”Her laughter drew attention, and I smiled, inwardly thankful for this brazen woman.Proverbs 31:10-30 tells us …Who can find a virtuous woman? For her price is far above rubies.The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her, so that he shall have no need of spoil.She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life.My wife knows me so well, and she does me good!