“Oh, look at you. There’s nothing you can do about what I’m going to do next, is there?” He asked cutely from above me.My hands were restrained to the headboard by chains and handcuffs. I felt nervous. I tested the restraints, wriggling my hands to see if I could break free. Sure enough, they were doing their job, and my hands were indeed tied. I knew I could stop this at any time, but this was a big step even for us.I had requested this. It was a longstanding fantasy of mine actually. But imagining being restrained and actually being restrained are two different things, as it turns out. I trusted him though. Being in this situation, it forced my mind into the present moment. Yes, there was truly nothing I could do now, was there? I got what I wanted: I was now forced to enjoy myself.He roughly pulled my panties off as I had told him to do before we started. He chuckled to himself as he brought out the vibrator. “No, you’re not going anywhere for a long time. And you’re not cumming for a long time either. I have you where I want you, darling.”Leaning over top of me, he kissed my lips softly before starting the vibrator on the lowest setting and moving it towards my clit. It was a small vibrator, not like a typical hitachi wand, but just big enough to place precisely in the right spot. It was more of a precision instrument if anything, and the only vibrator I actually owned at the moment.It didn’t take too long before I started whimpering and angling my hips in an attempt to get that vibrator to stay on the exact right spot, but it wasn’t going to stay there in the hands of my captor—not when he had express instructions to drive me crazy and try to get me to think of nothing else except sex. He was taking his job very seriously, and intent on bringing my full fantasy to fruition.“Nope!” he teased, removing the vibrator and switching it off. “I hope you didn’t think it was going to be that easy.”I started struggling against my restraints until he placed his hand where the vibrator had just been. He moved his fingers up and down slowly over my clit and teased my vagina at the entrance by inserting just the tip of his fingers. Suddenly my mind was calm again as I softly moaned. I fully realized the situation I was in and that I could not, in fact, effectively fight against this. My mind melted into the moment and, more quickly than I had anticipated, nothing but the physical sensations seemed to matter at all.In this reality, there was nothing—no worries, no responsibilities, no outside world. In this reality there was only my leaking hole and whatever my husband was doing with it. There was no fighting or controlling or changing the situation, there was just the blissful pleasure and burning desire he was inflicting upon me. It was everything I hoped it would be, and maybe even more. My mind melted completely and it broke free from everything except me and him.My melted mind seemed to leak out between my legs in an endless stream of surrender to the moment he had created for me when he clipped the chains to the bed. He grabbed his shaft and started pumping slowly before angling it into me. He was completely solid, stretching my soft inner walls as it slid in.“You might think we’re done, but we’re just starting,” he whispered in my ear.A shiver ran down my spine. I was both incredibly nervous and excited at the thought. He moved agonizingly slow and stopped partway down his shaft, which hit a very particular spot inside of me that likes to trigger squirting for me. I felt a surge of liquid spill out as he purposely angled for the exact spot that triggers it. My face turned bright red as I squirted on him and it dripped down onto the bed.“I’m squirting! No!” I protested, but was unable to stop the liquid from coming out as I moaned with both pleasure and embarrassment. I always feel embarrassed when I squirt on him, due to it being completely beyond my control once it starts, but once again I could do nothing to avoid it being chained to the bed.A look of pure delight was plastered on his face as he told me how I was going to squirt over and over again on him and there was nothing I can do to stop it.“No, wait!” I pleaded. It wasn’t as if I didn’t enjoy it, I just always feel beyond embarrassed when it happens. I knew he enjoyed it and I was almost second guessing giving him the handcuffs, but I relented when I saw the joy on his face from making me squirt.He went for a while, taking great delight in turning me into a human fountain as I sat chained and embarrassed but supremely full of pleasure as it kept flowing.“Good girl!” he kept encouraged me, coaxing another stream out with his fingers. “You lie to me when you tell me to go harder. Look at how wet you are!”“No, please go harder!” I beg. I had soaked him and the bed and was still leaking, but I still hadn’t cum hard the way I wanted to. “Please please please!” My vagina was burning and clenching desperately, seeking an end to the relentless teasing.Finally he picked up my legs and thrusted into me hard.My eyes immediately rolled back into my head and my legs shook violently as the pleasure washed over me.He continued to encourage me, saying, “YES! Good girl! You take my cock like a good girl! Cum for me!”I screamed in pleasure, fully cumming on his thick cock while the strong waves of bliss crashed over me.He came as well, then pulled out and continued to finger me until the last contraction of my orgasmic bliss subsided. He unhooked my hands at the end and there was nothing inside of my head for a long time. I just lay on the bed thanking him, telling him for quite a while afterward how it was everything I wanted and more. I told him it was the best sex I’d ever had. I was completely dumbfounded by the intensity of the experience for a long time to come.