It had been a hectic ten days. Due to my schedule, lack of privacy, and having my mind on other matters, not one opportunity to relax and picture my beautiful, seductive Anne’s trim naked shape had arisen. Oh, how blessed I am to be married to this lovely, ageless, 70 year-young beauty!In the past week and a half, there had been no block of time to visualize Anne’s perky tits with their hard, erect nipples in a horny state. I’d not gotten to imagine her marvelous mons atop her erect clit, made so by her experienced slender fingers tipped with her favorite nail polish—Juicy Love by essence. The image of her labia opening as a fragrant, intricate pink-flushed flower dripping its nectar on her cute rosebud asshole had eluded me. Picturing her dreamy, creamy cum on her manicured fingers guarantees a massive cum shot release at my own jacking hand when I solo masturbate, but there had been no release for me for ten days! Can you imagine?As I drove home, my thoughts turned to how much I’d missed my Anne. I wondered if she’d finished a horny fantasy of me while I was away by driving her hips upward off our bed as she used those lovely fingers to fuck her pussy and asshole. Did she reach her orgasmic mountain top, calling out in her deep-throated sexy voice, “Oh, baby, make me cum, make me cum….” The mere thought of Anne pleasuring herself had me adjusting my position in my car seat to make room for a suddenly and uncomfortably hard cock. It desperately sought relief and release of my pent-up, creamy cum load.Suddenly, I remembered: family would be arriving about the same time as I returned home. Oh, man, what a downer! My old cock pathetically deflated to the flimsy size of a long pea pod.An hour later, Anne greeted me warmly with a fresh-scented, urgent kiss as I stepped wearily from the car. The warmth of her perfect breasts against my chest and the subtle press of her slightly rounded stomach that I loved to look at, touch, and massage (evidence of bearing our four children) immediately revived me and my cock. It never ceases to amaze me how my Anne delights me!Again, reality took hold of my mind and sexual member when I stepped into the house to greet our family guests. Mutually cumming together would have to wait for several more days!As a man who relishes gratefulness and thanksgiving, I offered up a short, heartfelt prayer. “Thanks, Lord, for making Anne and me one and for the joy of our lives lived as one—relationally, spiritually, emotionally, and sexually. Amen!” Then I silently thanked Anne forher intentional sexual seduction ten days before. She knew it needed to last me and us for two and a half weeks!We enjoyed catching up that evening, laughing over fond memories, and hearing about new challenges before planning the next day. Then we headed off to bed.Anne readied herself to enjoy her ritual evening bath. Once again, her beauty and the shape of her lovely body and youngish-looking breasts that suckled the last of our children nearly 40 years ago stiffened my cock and gave me that warm rush of horny fever. Best of all, her demure smile with beautiful, pearly white teeth conveyed her guile. She did her best to arouse me as she slid down into the fragrant warmth of her bubble bath.To unwind, I headed to my office to catch up on email before enjoying some MarriageHeat stories and comments. Thanks, everyone, for some wonderful, horny stories and spicy-hot remarks while I was gone.In no time, the erotic writing was re-stoking my horny mind and stiffening my thickening rod with thoughts of intimacy with my lovely Anne. I wondered if she was thinking about me as she diddled her clit and worked the warm, fragrant water around and into her lady bits with one or two, even three skillful fingers to cleanse her love bud, love flower, and rosebud. Were soothing waves of sexual pleasure washing over her? Instead of relaxing me, these thoughts ramped up my growing need for relief and release. Perhaps Anne would sense my need when we joined each other in bed and whisper in my  ear, “Let me jack you off, honey.”The thought of those golden words cranked me up another notch! Enough!I closed my iPad, determined to exercise self-control as I headed to our bedroom to prepare for bed. I opened the door expectantly, hoping for Anne to be reading and waiting for me. Instead, she was fast asleep! No wonder. A glance at my watch showed me MH had absorbed my attention for over an hour; it had seemed like minutes.After quickly flossing and brushing my teeth, I took one final pee and slipped into my comfortable sleeping shorts. Then I somewhat noisily and clumsily climbed into bed, trying not to be too obvious yet intentionally trying to stir my Anne. Holding my breath to detect whether I’d succeeded in arousing her, all I heard was the steady, soothing breathing that always lulled me to sleep—one more gift my lovely Anne has unwittingly given me year after year.Sleep was elusive. My mind raced with memories of our horny love-making through the years. Mental recordings of sexual intimacy with numerous scenes of tender, urgent, and hot love with my Anne played over and over, keeping me from drifting off. My cock pulsed ever so slightly—up and down, up and down—rubbing against my cotton shorts and dabbing into the growing pool of pre-cum on my abdomen.Reaching down, I slipped a hand under the waistband and gently stroked my frenulum. Ooh, it felt sooo good! I couldn’t resist slipping my other hand down to catch pre-cum on my fingertips as I milked my cock with the other hand. The taste of my own juice is like Anne’s hot pussy juices, and as I sucked my fingers dry, it was easy to imagine pulling my fingers out of Anne’s pulsing pussy and tasting her sweet nectar.“Oh, Anne,” My thoughts raced, “we need to cum together somehow, someway!”My body began to heat up, stimulated by my erotic thoughts. Tossing off the bed’s coverlet helped to calm and cool me down, but my cock continued to throb and pulse. It was going to be a long night! Then my mind turned to options.Should I quietly get out of bed and slip into the master bath to stroke my shaft? It would take about three or four pumps to jettison my hot cum. Should I exercise my relaxation technique by releasing my tension, controlling my rhythmic breathing, and focusing my mind on the next day’s schedule? Well, that lasted about a minute! My flesh strongly signaled my spirit that it wanted to “fucking cum!” even if I creamed my sleeping shorts.My pelvic floor muscles involuntarily contracted in rhythm with my pulsing cock. Once, I had made myself cum without even jacking off by doing Kegel exercises with an Aneros prostate massage toy; it had been an amazing, shuddering orgasm! So perhaps I could do it that way. Sure enough, my body began to experience knee-weakening waves of ecstasy as I Kegeled. Ooh, it felt soo goood!But, no go—the Kegels were tiring, and I gave up. My frustration built as my mind hungered for Anne’s perky breasts, supple nipples, sweet pussy, and lusty voice urging me to cum hard for her and myself. The insatiable horniness in my loins demanded release! Finally, I rolled to my side, placed my extra pillow between my knees, and began hatching an urgent plan for the early morning before our guests wandered down for breakfast.With a jolt, I awoke. The fog began to clear as the recollection of my insatiable horniness returned, brought on by feeling my half-mast cock twitch in eager readiness to relieve my prostate of its pent-up cum. “What the…!” I nearly blurted out as my cock head brushed against something wet. The front of my shorts and crotch were covered with my creamy cum!I got out of bed quietly, noticed it was just after 5 AM, and went to the bathroom to check out my mess. Reaching for some tissue to clean up, I hesitated as the dream that generated this grand mess began to play back in living color. The beginning scenes unfurled the burning desire to release another load of hot cum. My cock no longer stood at half-mast; it was as straight and stiff as a sail spar holding up my sleeping shorts in full, regal glory. Instinctively, I reached down, wrapped my hand around the cum covered “sail” and grabbed my shaft, slowly working my sloppy wet love juice up and down all over my swollen member.After rubbing my cum all over my cock and shaved balls and sopping up the rest in my trimmed man-bush, I crept back into bed next to my unwitting Anne. Exhilarated by my release yet horny and eager to cum again, I slowly stroked my wet dick and played with my slippery balls. I dreamily recalled in vivid detail how Anne could make me cream my shorts!