My dear MH family,Well, it’s been a month since my dear sweet husband Ben passed on to be with our Lord in heaven. While I know that one day I will see him again, I will admit that it hasn’t been an easy road for me, as you may imagine.Since his passing I have been staying with my daughter Alicia and her family. During a time like this you learn to appreciate your family and close friends. Spending this time with my two adorable grandchildren, as well as Alicia and Trey, has truly been a blessing. In a few weeks I will be heading down to Louisiana to spend some time with my daughter Kristie. Then later I will be going to Texas to spend some time with Randy and his beautiful wife.For the past week I have been in counseling with my pastor which has really helped me. I still can’t bring myself to go back home. It is so painful for me, but I know one day I will have to face up to the fact that Ben will no longer be there. Alicia and Trey have offered to go to the house and remove Ben’s clothes and clean up. While they have gone to the house and cleaned, I asked them not to remove his clothes at this time. I just can’t bear the thought of his closet being empty. At least not yet.If I may please ask for your continued prayers and support, it would be greatly appreciated. I do still log into MH occasionally. Although many of the stories bring back a lot of joyful memories, I must say that I often end up crying. I don’t know, maybe it’s too soon. Maybe it’s the guilt I sometimes feel when I find the stories arousing. I honestly don’t know. Funny as it may sound, my libido hasn’t faded as I thought it might. This is a double-edged sword, since I will no longer feel the warmth and affection of a man, because I just cannot see myself with someone else, nor will I ever commit myself to anyone else.Since Ben’s passing I have deeply devoted myself to the Lord and scripture. I realize that certain things take priority and that sex isn’t the be-all-end-all. I haven’t masturbated since Ben got ill and passed away, though the desire and temptation still burns, especially when I log into Marriage Heat. I don’t know, maybe that will change in time. I so miss my big bear, the love of my life, my dear Ben.You can never prepare yourself for such things, but I will endure as life goes on. Be sure to tell your family and loved ones that you love them everyday and every chance you get, for none of us are guaranteed a tomorrow.I love y’all, and may God Bless each and everyone of y’all!Gina G. (Horny GG)