This story has a little bit of strong language. (L)“Try that one on”It was a white sundress with a v-neck and a short flowy skirt. Pink flowers decorated it and it tied in the back with a dainty bow.I was feeling really down that day and my husband decided that to cheer me up we would go shopping for a new dress. The weather was turning into spring and it had been a long time since I had bought anything new to wear.I took the dress off the rack along with one other he suggested. The fabric was very soft and I liked how feminine and pretty it was.I came out from the dressing room in the sun dress. Its neckline showed off some cleavage and the dress flattered my shape very well. It was pretty short in comparison to other dresses I owned, but I liked the way it looked. It made me feel soft and pretty.“how old are you?” A store employee asked“25” I responded“I thought you were 17! You look so good for your age. That dress looks very nice on you”“And she has a 16-month-old baby at home” bragged my husband. “Wow. You look amazing honey!”I didn’t really believe the compliments, at least not to the extent they were saying, but it made me feel happy and the dress did make me feel beautiful in that moment, so we bought it.Flash forward a week later and I somehow let my husband convince me that I should wear a pink lace thong under that same dress while out in public. I almost immediately regretted that decision because if I made the wrong move, or bent down too low, you could definitely see up my skirt.my husband wore a smirk on his face the whole time we were out and made a few grabs at my butt for good measure when no one was looking.“When we get back home you’re all mine” he whispered in my ear.My cheeks felt hot. I’m sure they were red. I was embarrassed and turned on at the same time, and eagerly waited to get back home.Luckily, the baby went down for her nap without a hitch, so we could sneak off into our room relatively quickly. While he was laying her down I was feeling frisky so I positioned myself kneeled over on the bed with my ass up in the air waiting on his arrival.“You dirty little slut!” he remarked upon seeing me in the perfect doggy position.“Oh. I thought I was all yours when we got home. I guess not. ” I replied, starting to get up.“No no, you get back on the bed, and don’t move!” He said quickly while throwing off his shirt. He grabbed my butt underneath my skirt and started feeling me up.“You know what you’re doing. I said you were a slut, but I didn’t say I didn’t like it!” And his fingers traced over the lace trim on my panties and found their way to my vulva teasing it over my panties.I loved it when he did that. It drove me crazy in all of the right ways. He lifted up my skirt and started kissing while stroking, increasing my excitement and anticipation. He gently rubbed my buttocks before giving it a nice crisp slap and moving my thong to the side, taking his dick out of his pants. I moaned with pleasure.“You’ve wanted this the whole time haven’t you?” He teased “Tell me you want my dick in you”“Please put your dick in me! I want it in me!” I pleaded, aware of how desperate I sounded already“Good girl” he said while stroking himself before sliding it inside.“You’re such a good girl” It slid all the way inside of me in one movement, making good use of the wetness that had been accumulating there. My vagina pulsed around it and I felt so relieved at the filling sensation it provided. My pussy ached to be filled like that.A moan immediately escaped my lips as he slid out and back in a slow but steady rhythm.“Please fuck me harder,” I whimpered.“Are you going to be good for me?”“Yes sir. Please!”“Beg me to fuck you!”“Please fuck me. Please!”“That’s a good girl,” he said while positioning my hips and pulling them forcibly down onto him. He used the full length of his penis at a considerably faster speed than before. I could hear His balls slapping against my thighs as he fucked me with passion.My Moans filled the air! Every primal urge inside of me was satisfied as my vagina pulsed around his dick in orgasm. Wave after wave of pleasure coursed through me. I was obsessed with the feeling. It produced a better high than any drug.I felt like I was floating. Every muscle in my body relaxed into post-orgasmic bliss and I could feel each thrust afterward like a loving addition to an already perfect experienceI let go completely. All that mattered now was this moment. I heard him let out a moan too and felt his penis pulse inside of me as he filled me with cumI remained in the same position, face down and ass up for about 15 minutes. I wanted to prolong this moment for as long as I could before I got up.‘Before I face the world,” I thought, “I want to rest here for just a while longer, where I have no concerns or worries and I am completely at peace.”