Well, sooner or later it happens to us all: we get older. As I looked in the mirror, I noticed some gray starting to appear in my hair. I mean there wasn’t a lot, but it was enough to catch my eye. But what really got my attention was noticing a few mixed in with my pubic bush. Why hadn’t I seen it before? Surely Ben would have noticed it, but he never mentioned it.As a former hair dresser, I have seen countless women come to have their hair colored, mainly to hide the gray and traces of aging. And I must admit that I considered doing the same. Yes, my kids are grown, and yes, I am a grandmother of two. But damn, I didn’t feel old—and I sure wasn’t ready to get old.“Babe, how does it feel to be married to an old woman?” I said, as I walked into the living room where Ben was sitting in his recliner watching television.Ben looked at me trying to comprehend what he just heard me say. “Do what? You’re not old, hon!” He said with a half chuckle.“Well, this gray hair tells a different story! Besides, you’re just biased,” I said as I continued to the kitchen.Ben got up from his recliner and walked over to join me. “We all get older; it’s part of life. You’re just as beautiful as ever. Besides I didn’t marry you for your hair color. I married you because I love you. Anyway, I’m older than you are!”I looked at him, smiled and replied, ” I love you too, old man!” we both laughed and then hugged.“Old? I can show you old!” Ben laughed, then groped both my ass cheeks.“Mmmm, is that an invitation, mister?” I replied, as I reached between us and gave his cock a squeeze.“Always an open invitation for you! Why don’t we go to bed and find out?” Ben said, then kissed me rather passionately.Ben locked the front door as I walked to the bathroom and grabbed the lube. I still get wet but didn’t want to dry up on him while making love. I walked into the bedroom about the same time as Ben. We embraced and kissed, our tongues exploring each other’s mouth“Why don’t you sit on the bed for me?” Ben said as he led me to the bed and had me sit on the side.I knew what he wanted, and I was only too happy to oblige him. His cock was slowly thickening as he stood before me. I looked up at him as I took his cock in hand and began to slowly stroke it. I then kissed the tip, flicking my tongue over and around the head before taking him into my mouth.Ben let out a deep sigh as I started sucking his dick, still slowly jacking him with one hand. With my other hand, I gently toyed with and tickled his balls while his dick grew in my mouth. Once again Ben groaned, and his hips began to move as he fucked my face.I continued eating his dick for another few seconds, until he pulled away from me. He leaned down, and we kissed, then he had me lie back on the bed.I did as he instructed, and lay back with my legs spread. I reached down and touched my cunt, which was wet, but still thought the lube would be good. Better safe than sorry!“Baby, can you hand me the lube?” I said, still rubbing my cunt.“Sure thing, beautiful!” Ben replied, then grabbed the lube and handed it to me. He stood there smiling and watching me apply the lube as he slowly jacked himself.“Here, you need some?” I said softly as I offered him the lube.“No, I’m good!” Ben said as he got into bed between my legs. His dick was pretty much fully erect when we kissed once more.“I love you my angel,” Ben said, before kissing and suckling on my nipples, which soon became hardened by his stimulation.“Oh baby! I love you, too. I love you so much!” I replied, then gasped as I felt the head of his cock penetrate my pussy lips. Slowly he pushed into me. My body trembled and my legs wrapped around him, pulling him in deeper.“Oh, Ben! I want all of you! Having you inside me completes me and never gets old.” I panted as he slowly began to thrust and rotate his hips. It felt so good, and I began to work my hips as well. Together we moved in unison in our love dance.The sounds of our lovemaking echoed throughout the room. The moans, groans and hot talk filled the air.“Baby! Yes, give it to me! Ohhhh, baby, fuck me, fuck me!” I groaned as Ben supported himself with his arms and fucked me in a steady, most pleasurable way. He grunted and groaned with each thrust.We kissed and locked eyes as we made love. Suddenly I began to feel my orgasm build up from deep within. I began to groan, and my breathing grew fast and shallow. I began to cum.” Ohhhhhh, baby! I’m cumming! Baby, I’m cumminnnnnng!” I cried as my body trembled from the intense orgasm. Ben kept pounding my pussy, bringing me to yet another climax. It was like I couldn’t stop—just one orgasm after another.We rolled over until I was on top, and I began to ride him, my juices escaping me and running down his cock and balls. I continued until I came again. Then, my body spent, I collapsed on top of him with his dick still encased in my throbbing cunt.After a couple minutes, we again kissed before I rolled off the top of him and let his dick slip from my pussy. He hadn’t cum yet, and his dick was still hard and slick with my juices. I took it in hand and began to jerk him off.No words were spoken as I worked my hand up and down his meat in a steady but rapid motion. I looked at him. I loved watching his face as he enjoyed the pleasure I was giving him.“Baby, tell me when you’re about to cum. I wanna taste you! I want you to feed me!” I said as I continued to beat his meat.“Yes, keep doing it! Just like that! Yes! You’re going to make me cum soon!” He groaned as I jerked him off.“Yes, baby, cum! Feed me!” I said, then put the head of his dick in my mouth.“Fuck! Gonna cum! Ahhhh, fuck, hon!” Ben groaned, and his hips jerked as he unloaded his balls into my mouth.I swallowed hungrily, enjoying the salty but tasty treat he gave me. Then, taking my mouth off his cock, I looked up at him and smiled seductively as I continued stroking to milk another drop or two from him. We then lay together, spent and content.We may be getting older, but that desire and love we have for each other will never grow old. I so love my “old” man, and I know he loves me—gray and all!Stay horny, my friends, and God bless you!