My wife and I love to play during her period. Neither one of us have been huge fans of intercourse during that time of the month, but that hasn’t stopped us at times when the passion couldn’t be quenched! Since our excitement about each other doesn’t slow down when she’s on her period, we make use of her favorite vibrator and she usually goes down on me.A few weeks ago, we were so hot for each other at bedtime. We had both had showers and were getting tucked in when she got that look in her eyes. My wife threw her leg over my body, and when I grabbed her butt and softly glided my hands across the back of her thigh, she moaned a bit and let out a sigh. As I ran my hand up the small of her back and all the way between her shoulder blades, she threw her head back to expose her beautiful neck. So I moved in, kissing her neck, from under her jaw to her collarbone, and she gripped tighter on my upper arm, her fingernails digging just slightly into my skin.It wasn’t long before that hand was gripping my cock through my boxers. As I ran my hand over my wife’s pussy, all I could feel was her pad in her panties—but that didn’t matter. She shuddered with delight as I massaged her gently through her underwear. By now, she already had my hard cock in her hand, free of any restriction. As she slowly stroked me, I leaned over to the bedside table and took the vibrator in my hand. This one was her favorite, strong and intense. It wasn’t silent at all, but it sure packed a punch when needed. At first, on the lowest setting, I touched the front of her panties, and she moaned as the rubber knocked against the thickness of her pad and underwear. Then I turned it up a notch. As the large, purple member hummed against her with ever-increasing intensity, she couldn’t keep from squirming all over that bed.My wife grabbed my hand holding the pulsating toy and guided it through the top of her panties and down to her pussy. Her clit was now shaking under the full power of my tool of choice. She looked at me and said, “Let’s switch.”I knew what that meant. She wanted control. My wife flipped over on her back, legs spread wide with the toy between them. I straddled her breasts with my cock swinging in the air over her face. As I stroked full length, the sight of her face in ecstasy under my cock intoxicated me.Just as I swelled to the point of orgasm, I heard the setting increase on her toy. She was breathing fast and squeaking out “yes” with every other breath. “Oh, here I come,” she squealed.At that exact moment (which doesn’t happen often) I felt myself going over the edge. “Oh yeah!” I shouted as my shaft starts pulsing under my hand.My wife’s face looked so beautiful with her mouth open and eyes tightly shut, riding the wave of the enormous orgasm she was having. Long, thick ropes of my cum landed all over her face, one after another, from her brow to her chin until she was covered in my love. Her whole body shook as she came down off her orgasm.I collapsed forward onto the headboard, with my cock coming to rest on the side of her face. My wife turned her head to the side as she panted, licking my cock with her tongue. With one last moan, she quickly jerked the toy off her clit and pressed the power button. Just like that, the bedroom got quiet again. We lay together in our hot sticky love for several minutes before cleaning up.My wife remarked later that she loved being at such “close range” when I came. The energy and sheer force of my ejaculation were enough to send her over the edge that night. We’ve never been so lucky to have had a simultaneous orgasm quite like that one, and we’ll never forget it. Who says you can’t have fun on your period?!