(A) -This story contains a brief mention of anal play.Saturday morning. 5:30 a.m. I’ve always been an early riser. As I finish my coffee, I decide it is time to do my weekly manscaping. I’ve found that if I do it once a week, there is never any itching and very little hair to remove.Jumping into the shower, I lather up, taking my time to enjoy the hot water flowing over my body. I wash every inch of my body, taking extra time with my cock and balls. Finally, the anus. I am very sensitive about cleanliness. You might call it OCD. I bend over and use the washcloth like toilet paper, ensuring that I am wiped completely clean.Exiting the shower, I dry myself. Generously, I cover my entire balls and length of my now hard cock with shaving cream. Gently, ever so gently, I begin at the back of the shaft and work my way down to my balls. Stretching my sack tightly, I make sure all hair is removed. I then go to the front of the shaft, paying particular attention to where it meets my groin. I shave right up to the base, leaving hair on my groin area, but neatly trimmed. I don’t like leaving it looking like a hedge, but somehow I don’t want it shaved completely either.Satisfied that my balls and cock are smooth, I bend over in front of the full length mirror and shave the hair around my anus. Seeing my clean, white anus in the mirror while bending over is strangely arousing. My cock is rock hard. When I am finished shaving my anus area, I lay the razor on the edge of the sink and bend over again. Slowly, gently, I insert a moistened finger inside. The sensation is amazing. I slowly twirl my finger around inside for a few moments, enjoying the feeling.Finished, I clean up my manscape items and grab the Crop Soother, generously applying it to my balls. I love the warm feeling as it soaks into the skin.Returning to my recliner, I lie back and gently begin to stroke my cock, pre-cum glistening from the head of it. With my other hand, I massage my balls, loving the sensation of the smoothness. I lube the full length of my shaft, and moan, listening to the sloshing sound as I stroke.As I fondle myself and slowly run my hand up and down my cock, I being to imagine what it would be like to have sex with Emily again. Oh, how long it has been! Will she ever allow us to reconcile? I so desperately need love and affection. I begin to visualize what it would be like:As we finish praying together and thanking God for our reconciliation, we passionately kiss. Our tongues find each other, almost bringing me to the edge.Not yet! I lick her now hard nipples, causing her to moan in ecstasy, as she slowly strokes my cock. I cry as I share with her how I came across the bookThe Act of Marriageand realized after reading it how selfish I’ve been. I had never understood the importance of attention to the clitoris.Emily never seemed to particularly care if she orgasmed, but I so want to pleasure her. The fulfillment of a man in the act of sex can only come if he knows he is pleasing his wife.As I massage her clit, I can feel the wetness of her pussy. She is close. Oh, so close. Suddenly, she cries out. “Oh, Paul! It feels so good! I love you so much! Please enter me! I can’t take it anymore!”Happy to oblige, I slowly enter her. The feeling! It has been so long! I almost explode as I relish the sensation of feeling my cock slowly engorging her. Remembering the book, I enter her to full length and stop. Now would be a good time to pray again before I being thrusting. The last thing I want is to cum too quickly. I pray and thank God again for my beautiful wife and once again being one with her.As I finish praying, she is begging me to begin. “Paul, please, I can’t take it any longer! Pleasure me! Pleasure yourself! Fill me with your cum!”I can’t hold back any longer. Furiously thrusting, I watch as my cock goes in and out of her pussy. Such an erotic sight! I feel myself getting closer. Emily is screaming and I am crying her name. Finally, the point of no return. My cock explodes with rope after rope of hot, wet cum, deep inside her wet pussy.I look down at my stomach. What a cum-shot! As I grab a towel to clean up, I realize I had been loudly crying Emily’s name as I furiously stroked myself to ejaculation.And then the anger. The grief. The mental agony. I slam my fist into my body pillow with frustration, knowing that what I have just experienced can never compare to cumming inside Emily’s pussy. The emotional connection is missing. I can’t describe it in words. But the feeling of being one flesh is arguably the most satisfying and exhilarating feeling a man can ever experience. Someday soon, may God answer my prayer and change Emily’s heart. Until then, I will continue to keep myself groomed and take care of my physical needs the only way I can without sinning before God. The emotional need will just have to wait. Someday very soon…