Having given an intro of Ruby and myself, let me tell you that we moved on for a while where sex became more enjoyable. Every day or night it was passion of incomparable quality. We learned different positions (not many and mostly man on top.)Soon, against all expectations, Ruby asked me without reservation to let her kiss my penis. I was taken aback and very reluctant as I felt pecking a penis was part of prostitution. Ruby, as open as she was to sex, insisted it’s a gesture symbolic of my lovely Penis (cock) that was ramming her vagina (pussy).Using those words really sent a sensation to my brain. I never imagined she was so bold in expressing terms which to me were always used when I was still a bit young and would discuss with my male friends how a woman would react if they heard those terms.In any case, the fact that she was my wife made me more comfortable with the idea. With much persuasion from Ruby, I finally let her give my penis a gentle kiss. I was overcome with pleasure seeing a woman kissing my penis and the words just came out.“Suck my cock if you dare.” This was what Ruby was waiting for, and looking up at me with a smile, she responded.“I was waiting for that! But please don’t shoot in my mouth!”Now how would she about that any more than I? But if a woman sucks a man and there is no control, he stands to cream it all out.“I’ll tell you to stop, if I feel it starting,” I promised.I expected Ruby to do a quick trick on me, but I was wrong. She had the expertise to gobble me up. Her head bobbed up and down as she took my cock deep inside her mouth, even pausing to suck the head. I must admit it drove me wild as she looked me in the eyes and wrapped her tongue around it, gobbling up my pre-cum.“Enough, I want to return the favor,” I announced.She was overjoyed. My instinct led me to engulfing her pussy. She opened up, and there was my tongue, tracing her from the bottom up and parting her lips. I  pursed my lips around her erect clit. She loved that, and I enjoyed the taste of her clean shaven and tasty slit and clit.We were now both worked up, and we soon found ourselves in copulation. It was a vigorous session, and as I was pumping at my very best, she screamed, “I’M CUMMING !!”Without withdrawing (it wasn’t necessary), I squirted my full load deep inside her gaping hole. I felt my sperm streaming out of my tubes. She tightens up and shuddered, then we lay dazed until we realized what a torrid time we had.“Now I know what’s going to turn us on if we want to make it special,” said Ruby. “But you haven’t seen nothing yet. Just give it time, and the story will write itself.”It was okay with me that she knew what to do. I wondered how, but wouldn’t question her integrity and took it in stride.