After the death of Anne’s father, she and Ron spent part of most weekends with her mother in the house where Anne grew up. They slept Friday nights in her old bedroom. Ron would spend his Saturdays on chores to maintain the house. Anne spent the day doing “girl stuff” that her Mom couldn’t do during the week with Anne’s brothers.One Saturday, Anne woke early to find Ron had already gone out to her parent’s backyard pool to exercise. Since her mother wasn’t up yet, she decided to join him. She checked her travel bag only to find she had left her swimsuit at home. Searching through her bedroom drawers, she came across a old suit she had from before they were married.It was baggy and well worn. The elastic in the panties was badly stretched out and the bra catch was almost torn free. Keeping it up would not be easy once she was in the pool, but it should do.She put it on and by judicially tucking it in all the right places, she felt reasonably confident it would stay up and she went out to the backyard.Having finished exercising, Ron was sitting on one of the pool steps. He was obviously pleased when he saw her in her baggy swimsuit. In spite of her best efforts, it revealed far too much for her comfort. But thanks to her Dad’s privacy fence, there was no one to see her but Ron.She sat beside him and they just talked. As her suit became wet, it was increasingly difficult to keep up. Seeing Ron sneak peeks made her feel sexy. She began to think there might be enough time for some interesting play before her mother woke up. She suggested they go back inside.“I’d rather watch you swimming first,” he responded. She knew it wasn’t her, but the effects of the baggy swim suit he wanted to see. In fact, the suit had already sagged so much that some very interesting parts of Anne’s anatomy had begun to show.Without commenting, she stood up on the second step preparing to dive. When she did the wet panties began to sag more, enough in the back to show much of the crack between her cheeks and Ron could see brown curly pussy hair through the gaping leg opening.She dove off the step. When she did, the suit gave up any pretense of hiding her modesty. The panties slid down to her ankles and her nipples popped out of the bra.She stopped for a moment, pulled off the bra and kicked off the panties. Naked, she flipped the swimsuit onto the deck. Looking at the budge in Ron’s suit, she suspected this morning was going to be a great deal more fun than she thought when she first woke up.She continued swimming around the pool, enjoying the effect it was having on Ron’s swim trunks. She finally swam across the pool to the ladder and climbed out to Ron waiting to wrap her up with the big bath towel he’d brought. He dried her gently, and with maybe a bit more care to some parts than absolutely necessary.When she was dry, she turned to face him, opening the towel to wrap them both. She pressed her breasts against his warm chest and squeezed his erection between them. He reached around to hold her back before sliding one hand down to massage her soft, bare cheeks. “Now can we go in?” she asked.Releasing him, she wrapped the towel back around herself as a cover-up. Once in the house, as quietly as possible to keep from waking her Mom, they crept back to her bedroom. There was no sound from her mother’s bedroom by the time they closed her bedroom door.Even though they were married, Anne couldn’t help feeling a little nervous when she dropped her towel. It was all she could do to keep from giggling. She was naked in the bedroom where she grew up and she was planning to do something that would have been very naughty when she was a girl.She looked at Ron. He’d shed his suit and his erection was at full attention. She stepped forward to give him one more naked hug; then spread the towel on her bed before laying back. He laid down beside her and began rubbing his hand over her body in the lightest of massages. He felt the softness of her breasts before sliding his hand to the down between her legs.As he touched her pussy hair, she spread her legs to make her lips more available to his touch. He began gently stroking the tiny clitoral erection forming there. She felt herself cumming. She uselessly held her breath to keep from making any noise. But within minutes her legs began to shake and an orgasm forced the air from her lungs as a series of contractions washed over her.Ron had none of Anne’s reservations. After all, it wasn’t his room growing up. After giving her a few minutes to relax, he pushed himself up on his knees and elbows for support as he lay on top of her. She guided his erection into her vagina and he began thrusting. After having seen her swim naked, it didn’t take long and he came.Before dressing, they used the towel to clean up. Anne then went to the kitchen to make breakfast and Ron went out to work in her mother’s garden. About an hour later, she brought him a cup of coffee. “Mom is up,” she said. “She says we need to be aware that the walls are thin.” She said blushing.