Hello, MarriageHeat! I’m Nurse Mama. I’ve been married to Dr. Daddy for almost 15 years. I’ve been a longtime reader but never submitted my own story. Although I DO love picture-perfect fantasies, the real-life stories are the ones I find myself enjoying over and over.This is a real-life happening from a while back. We have a small house, a large, loud dog, and a young child at home. We are often tired and rarely alone. However, today while our son was gaming with his friends, Dr. Daddy and I got a little frisky. I shooed the dog outside and joined my husband in our bed where he was taking a nap.Speed and quickies being our friends the last few years, I took off my clothes lightning fast and slid under the covers beside him, waking him gently with kisses on his lips, his neck, and then his chest.“Hey … what’s all this?”“Shhh! JR is playing video games with his headphones on. I thought we could make good use of the time.”Dr. Daddy was turned on and erect at the suggestion but not hard yet, so I slowly removed his boxers and began to lick and suck on his cock. He seemed to enjoy the soft wet kisses placed up and down his shaft followed by long licks that started at his balls and ended at his crown. I alternated sucking his knob and then plunging him deeply down my throat. He was hard now and “MMMM” -ing with every kiss and lick.Making out with his cock was turning me on, so I slid up and mounted him. We kissed as I took hold of his member and guided it into me. It took a little wiggling to get seated just right. Then I started to move in slow, steady glides up and down his shaft, stroking all the way down and then back up till we almost uncoupled and then leisurely back down again. As the tension built, I switched to grinding on him. That movement from this position is THE BEST for hitting my G-spot. I tend to quickly pick up speed, but then I tire and can’t finish, so I torturously kept a steady, maintainable, grinding pace. I could feel the prickles of pleasure begin.Then Dr. Daddy did something I don’t remember him to have done before. He tightly grabbed my hips and shoved me down harder into his lap, holding me there as I ground my pussy against him. It was delicious!Suddenly, we heard our son tell his friend he’d be right back. We immediately froze. It was wonderfully painful not being able to move. My pussy involuntarily twitched around his intruding cock, trying to intensify the sensation. After long moments spent breathlessly waiting, I heard, “Mom where are you?” Dr. Daddy groaned as I jumped into my clothes to make sure everything was alright.Once JR was situated and back at his game, I whispered to Dr. Daddy, “Can we go finish?” He was surprised I didn’t consider the mood completely ruined by the interruption but still followed me to the bedroom. “Let’s just finish fast,” I said as I stripped and lay down on my back.He entered me easily and set a fast, deep pace. Truthfully, some of the heat of the moment had died down for me, although the desire was still there. In a fantasy, there would have been no interruption, and we would have bump-and-grinded to simultaneous, earth-shattering orgasms, but that’s not how stories in my real life happen/ At least not in the season of life we enjoy now. I know this and am okay with it. Most of the time.It was now too hurried and disconnected for me to feel that lovely rush, but … it was intimate. I love this man and being held by him. I settled in to enjoy the sight of my husband on top of me, his strong arms bracketing my body, and the sound of his ragged breathing as he filled me again and again and again. He soon came inside me, and we held each other for a long moment. His arms wrapped around me, my legs wrapped around his hips, and his powerful cock stayed nestled inside my slick pussy.Later that night, in the shower, I thought about our afternoon together, about Dr. Daddy gripping my hips, pressing me hard onto his cock. I imagined what I had wanted to do if we’d had more time and privacy … have Dr. Daddy lick my clit. Ahh, next time, perhaps. As the water from the handheld sprayer mimicked Dr. Daddy’s tongue on my clit, I came.