Though not described as Part 1 at the time, Norm and Rachel made their first MH appearance in the fictional story “Falling Into Love,” published January 8, 2021. Their fifth anniversary looms ahead. Recent disappointments and loss have challenged their marriage. Like a tree battered by storms, it is the stronger for it.“Not so, my lord,” Hannah replied, “I am a woman who is deeply troubled. I have not been drinking wine or beer; I was pouring out my soul to theLord.16Do not take your servant for a wicked woman; I have been praying here out of my great anguish and grief.” 1 Sam 1:15Sleep eludes the couple, tormented by their individual demons of doubts, fears and questions. Why? How long? Never?The woman rises. Her bedclothes fall noiselessly to the floor. “I can’t sleep,” she whispers. “I’m going down to the beach. When you’re ready, please come and join me.” He sees in her eyes a pleading, the ever so slight upturned curve of the mouth inviting. He senses a slight stirring as she disappears through the doorway and wonders whether it might grow to become something more.A murky mist drifting aimlessly on cold puffs of wind muffles the crash of ocean waves. Murmurs of morning twilight become loud whispers, unmasking the boundary between water and sand. She shivers in the chilling breeze as she kneels at the water’s edge. Folded arms cloak her chest, not in modesty, but an unconscious defensive posture to shield her soul from further hurt. She looks eastward, seeking the solace of the sun’s warmth. She implores the heavenly orb’s creator to heal her soul’s anguish, knowing her husband’s soul cries out as well. She longs for him to come. Together they can weep. Together they will comfort each other.A startled seagull announces Norm’s approach. She turns to see his eyes focused on the glory revealed only to him. The faint stirring he experienced earlier thrusts him forward into the biting breeze.A chill bolts through Rachel. She is impatient to be the object of his lust, longs to be the salve to bring healing. The fire in his eyes burns into her, heats her soul, and brings forth the sweat that will ease their union. A translucent drop of white, glistening in the light, crowns his glory.He mounts and they unite, taunting the heavenly orb with the creation of their own unique heat. His ride mimics the endless rolling of the waves upon the beach. Coming. Receding. Coming. Receding. Like the waves building and building to finally crash upon the sand with a roar, the waves of their coupling reach a climax and crash upon them. The particular communion of a male and a female, of a husband and wife, of lovers, is hidden by sprays of cum splattering across the camera lens.Rachel closed the video file and opened up another app, studied its report for a moment, and called her husband.—In the beginning, I relished the thought of leaving work mid-morning, racing home, finding my wife naked in bed, doing my thing, showering, and heading back to work. The first time had been joyous, full of anticipation and hope. It had been some of the best sex ever. A month later, and then the month following, hope was still alive, but the joy was fading. It was becoming work: watch the diet, make doctor visits and take tests, perhaps abstain for a week or two, and above all, maintain a close watch on the calendar and keep meticulous records.Rachel selected another video to watch during our foreplay.Crimson rays streaked across the dark blue vault of the heavens heralding the arrival of another day. Several seagulls strutted along the beach, searching for crabs stranded by the receding tide. I couldn’t imagine a better way to start the day than listening to the relaxing sound of the crashing waves and the cry of the seagulls as they circled overhead while I anticipated the appearance of the fiery orange disk.“You’ve brought me breakfast!” A goddess was splashing through the waves, walking towards me. This was supposed to be a private beach, but I wasn’t about to argue the point, especially now, when two other points were only several feet in front of me, and a third was timidly peaking above the waves. “It’s not every day a girl is treated to a bracing swim, a glorious sunrise, and a salute from morning wood.”“I haven’t had a swim yet, and it is a glorious sunrise. The wood is brought to you by a magnificent pair of breasts and a pussy being fingered by the waves.”The goddess knelt in the water to examine the wood. “A cock in hand. Worth almost as much as a cock in the bush.” She didn’t wait for a reply but opened her mouth to take in my penis. As I was about to finish, she pulled back, folded a hand over my shaft, and washed her breasts with the cum. “A cum shower. Let’s see what’s on the menu to feed a starving pussy.”Audio and video faded to nothingness. I looked up to see Rachel’s ass and pussy looking back at me. It took several minutes of self-encouragement, but I eventually got it up. Now, the waiting. Hopeful, yet dreading another disappointment. After quick showers, I left, and Rachel returned to her video app to edit another video.—Rachel closes the video app and sighs, thinking about Norm at work. He sowed his seed but was in and out so quickly she felt more like an observer than a participant. Perhaps she could participate in a different way, with a musical compilation of their videos that she was working on.The video opens with a penetrating chime and the relentless percussive beat of the lust of the two lovers. The phallic symbol of a jet’s nose cone sweeps across the screen. The lovers savor the grind of a deep French kiss at the striking of another chime. Norm is determined to launch, to seek out, and to arrive. While a guitarist’s fingers strum its strings, Rachel’s fingers play upon her own pleasure as she imagines the two of them twisting and turning in an aerial dogfight.The pursuer’s phallus, tipped with the sensitive heat-seeking head, is intent on coupling with the pursued. Embellished chord changes, rising in pitch and in volume, signal the final thrusts that drip with pre-cum. Orgasmic sound and fury of an exploding aircraft herald the climax. Missile and cannon gun cum streaks to the target.The scene changes to Rachel and Norm returning to land on the marital bed, arrested by post-coital euphoria. They cuddle as the video fades to black.