This post contains strong language (L).It was one of those days where everything was falling into place without any effort from my side.I was on my way to a business appointment when my client called and asked if we could move it to a future date, so I turned around and started the trip back home.  My wife did not expect me back, but it was not in my thoughts to surprise her or to “catch her” in any way.  It was rainy and wet outside, and my shoes were muddy, so I took them off at the door before I walked in and onto our carpeted floor.Everything was perfect, and I had no idea what was waiting for me.  But, what a lovely surprise!!  I have a permanent fantasy of it that can never be fully satisfied because the hunger remains.  I walked to my study to put down my briefcase before going to greet my wife.  The door was open, and as I came closer, I heard sounds from my computer.  It sounded very familiar, and immediately my heartbeat increased in speed.What I heard was the sound of one of the X-rated videos that I had made of  Lucy and me while we were making love.  I have many erotic and X-rated videos and pictures on my laptop of us having a great time fucking, (all for my personal pleasure.) I stopped at the door and stood in total silence watching the most exquisite sight that any man could ask for.  Lucy was watching a movie that we took many years ago where she was giving me a blowjob while playing with her pink vibrator.  The video showed her vibrator deeply embedded in her very wet pussy.   It also showed close-ups of her swollen clit.What was so exciting was that she was sitting at my computer, completely naked and playing with her pussy.  Her lovely legs were hooked over the armrests, and they were spread as wide as she could get them.   I was in 7th heaven.   She did not know that I was watching her from behind and just went on enjoying herself.  I watched her entire body shake as she had a massive orgasm.  The room filled with the aroma of her pussy juices.She decided to move to another video, and I stood waiting to see what was next.  While she was searching, I dropped my pants and released my cock.  I could not believe how hard I was and how much pre-cum was already dripping from my tip.   I started making very slow movements with my hand over the wet head and was surprised at how sensitive I was.  I had to hold back not to cum too quickly.Then I heard her say, “Oh, Yes!!!”  She had found the next video that she wanted to watch, and it was another one of my favorites.  It was of the two of us having a special day at a very secluded beach.  We both got naked and started playing together.   I then made a video of my wife, completely naked, in her chair with her toy deep in her pussy.  There were quite a few orgasms on the clip, and it climaxed with me cumming on her boobs and my cum dripping from her nipples.  It ended with her lifting her boobs to her mouth and licking off my cum.As the clip opened on the screen, she let out a grunt, and then I heard her sweet little mouth uttering some obscenities.  “Oh, fuck, this was so good.”  She pretended that she was talking to me while watching the clip and fucking her sensitive pussy with her toy.  “Maxx, baby, look how swollen my little clit is.  My toy is making me cum again and again!  Stand closer so that I can see your lovely cock while you show me how you play with that hard thing in your hand.”While she was focused on the screen, I had taken off all my clothes and was now completely naked.   As she said, “…stand closer so that I can see your cock…”  I moved into her line of sight.  For a moment there was shock in her eyes, and then she blushed and said, “I am so glad you could join me!  Stand closer and let me love that monster in your hand.”She slid off the chair onto her haunches in front of me and slipped her mouth over my dripping cock.  I could still see the toy in her pussy and her hand moving it in and out.  Her clit was massive.  Could any man be more blessed?  Her toy was giving her pleasure while she was sucking me deeper and deeper into her mouth and proving that she was a master at doing deep-throat.The video was still playing on the computer screen.  So while I was having my cock sucked in a wonderful way, I watched the screen where my wife, while lying naked on the beach, played with her pink toy buried deep inside her.  How can any man have so much joy at one time?I felt the cum building up, and I warned Lucy that I was about to blow my load.  She took me out of her mouth for a second and said, “In my mouth!”  The next moment, I felt my cum spurting out of my cock in bursts of pleasure and…as I came in her mouth, Lucy had a massive orgasm that lasted much longer than mine.I slipped out of her mouth, and she rolled over on the carpet on her back, grabbed the toy that was still in her pussy with both hands and fucked herself at a breathtaking speed.  She just kept on pumping it in and out while she was cumming.I went down on the carpet next to her and lay with my head towards her feet to be able to watch what she was doing.  This gave me so much pleasure.  I often tell her that the most beautiful thing in the world is for me to watch her cumming.As her orgasm ended, she rolled to the side, took my softening cock in her mouth, and started licking all the cum from it.  I could hardly believe that I immediately started responding by becoming hard again.  Lucy looked at me and said, “I had at least eight orgasms, and you only had one.  Relax and give me the pleasure of giving you a second one!”Well, my lover took her time and played with me while talking about my cock and telling me what it looked like to her.  She said she loved to see how purple my swollen head was.  She opened the foreskin and just rubbed the head of my cock.  She was doing her best to get me hard again and to bring me to orgasm, but I said to her, “I really love what you are doing, but you are not going to be able to make me cum again.  It is just too soon after the great orgasm that I just had in your mouth.”The next words out of her mouth really got my attention.  “If I say you are going to cum, YOU ARE GOING TO COME!  On your knees, BITCH!!  I am in charge here, and you are going to feel something quite special that will make you blow your load!”I became her very obedient slave and rolled over and got onto my knees.  And then the fun began.Lucy grabbed the bottle of coconut oil that was on the desk from her masturbation play when I walked in.  She poured some over my ass, and then she stuck her hand between my legs from behind, grabbed my cock, and pulled it through my legs.  More oil was added to my cock; that made it very slippery.She started giving me a slow handjob while she ran her fingers down my crack.  I felt her stop at my asshole with her one finger and make small circles around my little hole.  The next moment, she slipped her finger into my butt.Now both her hands were moving.  One hand was wrapped around my cock, opening and closing my foreskin over my dripping cockhead.  The other was fingering my butthole very slowly and very gently.The sensations were more than I could handle.  I could clearly feel the thickness of her knuckle entering me and then the softer sensation of the thinner part of her finger.  It was exquisite.  I started uttering words that were not part of my normal way of speaking.“Fuck, Lucy!  You are driving me nuts.  My ass is on fire.  I never knew this could feel so good.  Don’t stop.  Please don’t stop.  Just keep doing it very slowly…  Oh, yes!  Fuck my ass with your sexy little finger.”By this time my cock was extremely hard, but Lucy was not done with her surprises yet.   She let go of my cock and moved onto her back.  While still fingering my ass, she took her place between my knees and slipped my cock into her mouth.“Spread your knees further,” she commanded.  “I want more of your cock in my mouth.” She did not move her head; she just sucked my cock like a lollipop.  Her middle finger was moving in and out of my ass.  The sensation was extreme, and I was very close to cumming.“Slowly, girl.  Move very slowly.  I am so close.  Slower!  Just lick the head.  Oh, Fuck!  This feels so good… Yes, yes, just like thaaaaaat!!  Ooooohhhhh, Fuuuck!  I’m cumming!  I’m cumming!  I am cumming!”  And with that, I filled her mouth for the second time.My entire body started shaking, and I found it very difficult to remain on my knees.  But I had to keep my pose because Lucy was busy cleaning my cock and sucking the very last drops of cum out of it.  She was soft and gentle so as not to irritate my very sensitive member.After about a minute, I rolled over on my back; my lover came and lay next to me, and we fell asleep.  What a fantastic time of lovemaking!