This is a fantasy for my future wife.With the wedding ceremony and reception now over, we head back to the house that we rented for the evening. Tomorrow we’ll drive to the next state over for our honeymoon. As a couple in our mid-thirties, we decided it would be wiser to save for a downpayment on a house than to pay for a cruise or resort holiday.Honestly, I wasn’t sure this day would ever come. Though I trusted the Lord for His best for me, I found it hard to imagine that a woman would stand by me through my struggles with chronic sickle cell disease. But by God’s grace, you chose me and loved me, you committed your life and body to me, knowing the struggles ahead. And I will do everything I can to make you happy as long as I live.We reached the house, both extremely tired. You suggested we call it a night, and I agreed but felt pretty disappointed. Of course, the worst thing I could imagine would be a flare-up from overdoing it, and this week had been pretty stressful already. But who wants to postpone the intimacy promised in marriage after waiting so long already? Sensing my sadness, you decide you are up for “doing it” if I am. I want to, but I decide it would be best if we hold off for a day or two to rebuild my strength.In preparation for this night, we readThe Great Sex Rescue*andThe Good Girls’/Married Guys’ Guide(s) to Great Sex.*We wanted to start off our sexual journey on the right foot, and the books all stressed the importance of pleasure for both husband and wife. The last thing we want is for lovemaking to be less than enjoyable for us both.  Besides, I understand the need to be mature about sex, and I don’t want to ever push your boundaries, even (maybe especially) within the bounds of marriage. If you feel exhausted and want to sleep, then we will sleep. I know when we do finally have intercourse for the first time, it will be all the more satisfying because we took this precaution.You thank me and kiss me on the cheek, saying, “You are so considerate and wise. That is why I chose you for my husband.” Then you give me a cute little smile, having decided that you will make one of my fantasies come true tonight in lieu of sex. You tell me to take my shower first, and after I get clean and into my PJs, you take my hand and guide me to the bed.I sit at the edge of the mattress, and when you reach to pull my pants down, my penis springs to life. After whispering, “Enjoy,” you start by cupping my balls with your right hand. Your left thumb and index finger make an “O” around the shaft of my penis and begin to travel lightly up and down the shaft, soon increasing the tension when more fingers join in. Once all your fingers are in play, you lean forward and lick the tip of my penis. Then, your tongue begins to circle the head in a counterclockwise motion, occasionally dipping into the slit.So many things run through my mind. I honestly can’t believe that I’m receiving my first blowjob on my wedding night. How unselfish! I have never felt such a sensation before; my heart races and my breathing grows shallow.It was worth the wait,I think to myself. The trials and tribulations, all the abstinence and temptations, were worth it for this moment.You start to take more of my penis into her mouth, going back and forth while giving my balls, still in your palm, a gentle squeeze. Within moments, I announce my impending climax, not sure if you’ll pull away or not, but you give me a wink and started sucking harder. I have a massive orgasm—the first of many for us both in our married life, I am sure!After my climax, you open your mouth to show me the pool of my cum inside before you seal your lips and swallow it all. Then you open again and stick out your tongue to show me that the semen is gone. With a sexy smile, you come closer and thank me for the “tasty treat.”My own face shows my shock at what I have just experienced, but you go on your merry way, brushing your teeth before joining me in bed. You slip under the covers and lay your head on my chest while resting a light hand on my crotch.“I love you, my husband.”“And I love you, most precious wife.”I drift toward sleep, still in awe of what happened.Tomorrow—I promise myself—if not, then the next day, I will bring this beautiful, generous, faithful woman all the pleasure in my power to give.*Affiliate Link. If you buy after following this link, a small percentage of your purchase price will support the continued existence of MH. As a plus, you can also choose a local bookseller to benefit as well. We love this!