Jim and I were discussing family-type stuff over the Memorial Day weekend, and it got me thinking about the normal (I guess), sometimes stressful relationship I’ve had with my two-year-younger sister, Barb.Growing up, we always had friction between us; she was mommy’s girl who followed her regimented religious lifestyle, which kind of put me in the position of being the “bad girl” by comparison, which I resented.Barb’s body type is more average than mine in most ways: height, weight, and—a sensitive point for girls—her chest size. If you’ve been reading any of my comments, you know I am blessed with a larger-than-average cup size, and my rear end is pretty plump above my thighs. I mention all of this because I believe this developmental disparity was the root of her resentment towards me and had been since our early teens. She would often call me a slut when angry/jealous, and I really made no bones about the fact that I enjoyed the company of guys and heavy petting.As a result of all this, we hadn’t communicated much with each other over the past decade or so. I attended her wedding five years ago and was not her maid of honor. No problem; I understood. Her hubby Mark seemed to be a nice enough guy, though I got “bad boy” vibes from the looks he gave me and the extra long hug I received upon introduction.About a year later, totally out of the blue, I got a call from Barb asking if she could come to visit us for the weekend. She said she needed to share something with me. I about dropped the phone in total shock but told her I was free all week as Jim was away on business. She planned to drive over and arrive late the next day.Long story short, she was having relationship trouble; she felt Mark might have a wandering eye. I had a sneaking suspicion this might be the problem, but acted surprised and offered support. After a little wine, she wanted to share more than I expected. The talk soon turned to my sex life with Jim. It would be an understatement to say that shocked me; I’d never heard her even say the word sex!I did notice however that her appearance had changed. Her clothes were much more form-fitting, contemporary, and well—sexy. When she moved a certain way, I could tell she’d undergone a boob job, and it looked very nice on her. I told her as much when she asked for my opinion on her “new look.” When she uncharacteristically went as far as pulling up her blouse and bra for a full view, I thought I would faint. But she was justifiably proud of the results.As the evening went on, we began forming a new and improved relationship. We talked about sex and what we were doing to please our spouses. She shared detailed accounts of her traditional lovemaking style and begged me to share our stories, too. She knew I could be sexually aggressive, and I believe that’s what she really made the trip to hear.So I obliged, sharing only about 40 percent of what Jim and I really do together in fear that if I told her everything, she would blow a gasket.“Do you perform oral sex on each other?” I asked.“I know about that, and I came close to doing it once. But to be honest, I can’t see how I could ever get his cock in my mouth; it’s just too big.”I explained to her that she will learn as she goes. I told her Jim has the largest cock I have ever seen, and I throat him regularly now. I followed with, “What about toys and masturbation?”“I always thought that was for unmarried women who don’t have real sex,” she said.So, I spent 20 minutes on this topic, telling her that some of our best sex comes from masturbation. “He will really get off on watching you working your pussy, and if he doesn’t join in, ask him to. You will then be in control.” I didn’t subdue my language at all, wanting to normalize the kind of talk that would open new doors for her in the bedroom.I could tell by her restless fidgeting that she was horny.There may be hope for her after all,I was thinking.“Oh, and one more thing: do you shave down there?” I asked.She told me no, but that she keeps it trimmed because she prefers not to have a mound showing under her panties or swimsuits. “Well, shave clean, and you will blow him away. Surprise him with that and he will be all over you with his tongue in seconds. And your entire pussy will be more sensitive when it’s bare.”“Well, you’ve given me lots to think about. Thanks!” she said. “Now, I need to go to bed.”When she headed upstairs, I was very satisfied with our talk and found myself quite damp under my romper. That’s when I thought of something.A few minutes later, I knocked softly on her door and held out my second favorite vibrating wand—sanitized, of course. (I was about to use my fave in my room!) I asked her if she wanted to give it a test drive, and she blushed, but grabbed it and thanked me.About an hour later, my pleasant pussy playtime was—interrupted? no, accentuated—by some pretty loud moaning and guttural sounds from the guestroom.‘Atta girl, I thought!MH friends, I may update you on the talk we had the next day if I get time. Hope you enjoy my story because I’m really not that good at putting words to my thoughts.LOVE, CP