Michael and I have been married for 11 months now. We have been getting to know one another very well—and intimately. Quite often on the intimacy, I might add; our sex life has taken off to a new level.Last night was my birthday, and Michael came home early, wanting to take me out. Unfortunately, I was under the weather, so he made me a nice hot bubble bath to soak in while he took care of dinner. (Usually, Michael taking care of dinner means takeout, which I honestly don’t mind if it means I don’t have to cook.)I sat in the tub, relaxing and letting my body sweat out the bad stuff. I could hear the dryer running; surely he didn’t do laundry too!?With a soft knock on the door, Michael came in to say dinner was ready if I felt like eating. I smiled, and he helped me out of the tub. The cool air on my wet skin made me shiver, but he wrapped me in a freshly-warmed towel and gently dried me. Then he untied my hair and brushed it out. I love having my hair brushed by him.Taking my hand, Michael led me to the couch in the den, where he had a fire going. He covered me with my soft, weighted blanket, then went to the kitchen and returned with big mugs of wonton soup that we enjoyed in companionable silence.“Sorry that you’re not feeling good on your first birthday as my wife,” Michael said after he’d finished his dinner.I set my mug down, pulled the blanket back, and opened my towel to expose my naked body to him. I still craved his touch, even in my sickened state. Michael responded to the invitation and made to come into the folds of the blanket with me.I stopped him. “Oh, but this is a no-clothes zone.”Michael stood and stripped off his T-shirt, baring his toned, muscular torso covered with hair and tattoos. I licked my lips as he removed his pants; his dick hung soft—for now. He slid under the blanket, and I snuggled up to him.“You’re all I need to make me feel better,” I purred. “Thank you for making me your wife, taking care of me, and loving me the way you do.”Michael ran his fingers through my hair until I drifted off. He must have also fallen asleep because when I woke, he was lying down on the sofa. My head rested on his thigh, with his beautiful dick against my lips.I moaned and kissed the head, then once again. His dick swelled a little, so I started licking the corona, making him grow even more. Slowly, I took about half his cock in my mouth. Thankfully, the queasiness from before dinner held off; I slowly bobbed my head back and forth.Michael moaned but didn’t move. I was unsure if he was awake, but I wanted him to cum so badly. But when he moaned louder, and his hips pushed up toward my mouth, I started to feel bad again. I quickly pulled my mouth off his dick, sadly staring at the stiff, straining shaft but unable to continue sucking it. Instead, I lay my head back down, grabbed his cock, and started stroking him long and slow.Michael’s breaths quickened, and his big dick started swelling more. It felt so hard and hot in my hand. With a moan, he erupted like a geyser, shooting a long rope of cum straight up. I watched it splash down all over my hand and his belly; a little even splattered my face. I continued stroking as he fired off a few more strong blasts.I looked up to see Michael smiling down at me. “Your such a generous wife,” he told me. “You didn’t have to do that.”  He stood and cradled me in his arms, carried me to our bed, and tucked me in. “Rest now,” he said.“Stay with me?”“Always,” Michael replied. “I always will.”