This post contain strong language (L).It’s about two o’clock in the morning. I lie in bed wearing just my short nighty. My pussy is still full of cum from the fucking I got before we went to bed. I feel Rick’s hands start to rub my ass, and I nuzzle closer to him. Rick’s hands are now running up and down my body, as he starts to kiss my neck. Kissing my neck makes my legs spread and pussy drip every time, lol.He kisses just the back of my ear, then I roll over, and we French kiss passionately. He glides his hands over my body, squeezing my tits before continuing down to my now dripping pussy. He pushes his finger into me, and I sigh as we continue to make out. He fingers me harder, and I start to moan.Pulling away from me, he goes down between my legs and tells me to spread my pussy lips apart for him. I use both hands and open them wide as he licks my pussy.  As he flicks my clit up and down with his tongue, my hips move on their own!“OMG, baby, lick my pussy! Don’t stop,” I urge.  “Make me cum, baby! Please eat me!!!”My legs begin to shake as I scream, “I am cummmming, baby!” I squirt all over his face, and he continues to devour my pussy.Now I yell, “Please fuck me, baby.”He stands up on the floor and pulls me to edge of our bed with my ass hanging off. Grabbing my ankles, he spreads my legs apart and puts his big cock in me.I say, “Fuck me, baby. Guck this pussy. Take it, fuck your wife like a slut.”He starts pounding that big cock into my pussy as I scream aloud, our bed bouncing on the floor, and the headboard slamming the wall.My eyes roll back as I cry out, “I am cumming again, baby. My pussy is cumming!” With that, I squirt once again all over my hubby.“Please give me your cum,” I beg. “I need it. Cum in my pussy. Fill your wife up, baby. Cum in me, please, daddy. It’s your pussy, daddy; take it. Fuck me hard—fuck your slut.” I babble almost incoherently as his big cock pounds me into oblivion.His cock is pulsing as he says, “I’m gonna cum, baby. I’m gonna get you pregnant.”Now, I can’t get pregnant, but this kind of talk is something that turns us both on.I scream,  “Yes, baby, breed me. Get my pussy pregnant.”He rams his cock deep into my pussy one last time as I feel his cock pulsing and filling me with his hot, young cum. Spurt after spurt after spurt fills me to the brim as he grunts, “Yes baby, take that cum in your pussy. Feel me get you pregnant.”After we’re done, he crawls back in bed beside me as I lay there, freshly fucked and shaking. My pussy throbs from the pounding he gave me and drips his cum.He kisses me and says, “I love you, gorgeous.”I say, “I love you, too, daddy.”He then asks me, “Who’s cum is in your pussy?“Your cum, sir, is in my pussy. You fuck me so good.”“Good girl,” he tells me. We kiss and fall asleep.