Let me start by saying that my wife and I, who have been married for more than 20 years, love reading these stories, and they have improved our intimacy heaps.When I first saw her, I instantly knew she was for me, and knew then what Adam felt when he first met Eve. Everything is like we are meant to be; we fit together like a jigsaw puzzle. Even when having sex, it feels like we are made to fit into each other.My wife was a fuller-figured lady with beautiful, large breasts, which I love, and has recently gone on a diet to lose some weight. It means there are some saggy areas, but I love her figure more now than ever, which has also improved our sex life. Don’t get me wrong, I know that it’s what is inside that counts, but she now feels a lot better with no pain and more energy, and she feels sexy again.With three teenagers still at home, things can sometimes be hectic and hard for “together time.” My wife and I decided to go on a romantic three-day break away,  just the two of us. We found a nice, romantic cabin in the Southern Highlands of Australia with a twin-head shower and a spa. My wife secretly packed away a nice red lacey three-piece lingerie number that she knows turns me on, and I packed a couple’s vibrator that we recently tried out.The spa at the cabin was outside, but was surrounded by large trees that afforded us intimacy.The first night at the cabin, we decided to jump in the spa, which is a feat for me as I have a fear of water. As we started to undress to get into our swimmers, I noticed that my wife was wearing another fantastic white lacy number—one that she wore on our honeymoon.This immediately got me hard. Naked, I went up to her, gave her a passionate kiss, and started to feel her amazing bum. I then moved my hand down to her vulva and proceeded to do what I do best: finger her and massage her clitoris. My wife moaned in pleasure and started getting weak at the knees, so she sat at the edge of the bed. As she did, she grabbed my rock-hard penis and started to lick up and down the sides with her tongue as if it were a lollipop before engulfing it in her mouth. This was heaven, and it took a lot of effort to stop and not come then.But stop we did and jumped into the spa, which, at nighttime, surrounded by nature with just a few lights, and with my amazing wife, I found very romantic. Still, with the water at chest level, I started to feel anxious. My wife, sensing this, slid over next to me and began to take my attention away by passionately kissing me and stroking my (once again) hard penis.I slid my hand down and moved her swimmers aside to expose her vulva again and started to insert one, then two fingers inside her. After a few minutes, she stood up and pulled my swimmers off, leaving me stark naked in the spa. She then removed her swimmers and straddled my body, kissing me passionately. I inserted my hard penis into her very wet vagina, and she started to thrust herself up and down on me. She was enjoying it so much that she began to increase her thrusts, and the waves we created forced water over the edge of the spa.Without warning, lightning started to flash and rain came, so we retreated indoors and tried the twin-head shower. It gave ample room for her to wash my back and my bum, and also to reach around and give my still-hard penis a good clean, as she said that it was “very dirty.”Once I was clean, I proceeded to clean her back, with my hard member in between her bum cheeks. She then turned around so I could give her beautiful breasts a good wash and make sure that her vulva was also clean. Afterward, I proceeded to kiss and suck her nipples whilst also inserting my fingers into her vagina again. My wife moaned out with pleasure as she neared the point of no return.Without warning, she turned her shower off, got dry, and raced out of the bathroom, leaving me wondering what had happened. I jumped out of the shower and dried myself, thinking about what would come next.When I walked out of the shower and into the bedroom naked, there was my wife in the red three-piece number, which got my heart racing once again. She told me to get onto the bed and lie down on my back. She then took my rock-hard penis into her mouth once again. As she was going up and down on my penis, I reached over and resumed fingering her. It was extremely hard to concentrate on what I was doing to her whilst feeling the great pleasure of my wife’s lips on my penis.When we both seemed to be getting close, I asked her to stop and told her to hop on top. But before she did, I reached across and grabbed the couple’s vibrator from the bedside. I inserted it into her and she hopped on top of me in reverse-cowgirl style and started to move her bum, gyrating backward and forwards. I love this position as I can watch her beautiful bum whilst also watching my penis going in and out of her. This is her favourite position too because she hits her G-spot.With the build-up throughout the day and the vibration of the couple’s vibrator on her clitoris and also on my penis inside of her, we both climaxed at the same time. My warm semen emitting inside of her during her simultaneous orgasm was the most amazing sensation.Exhausted, we both lay on the bed, cuddling each other and drifting off to sleep naked.When I woke up the next morning with a rock-hard erection again, all I needed was to give my wife a gentle kiss and a whisper, and we started again.If you’d like to try a toy like the one mentioned in this story, here’s a good one! It’s the Lelo Tiani Duo Couple’s Vibrator with remote control from MarriedDance.com. Check it out by clicking on the picture.(This is an affiliate link; A small percentage of your purchase after you click will support the existence of MH, but your price won’t change.)