The 6:00 a.m. alarm goes off and wakes me up with a start. As she stretches across to hit snooze, I lean across and my hand rests on her side. She shuffles back against me and lifts her head so my other arm can reach around her and pull her tight against me.I hear a sigh as I start to place gentle kisses on her shoulder and neck and my free hand gently moves down her side so that it grazes her hip. She presses her right hand against mine as it rests against her stomach and I can feel her left boob resting against my forearm.As my hand slides down onto her outer thigh, I feel the warmth of her skin through the material of her shorts. She lets go of my hand and slowly traces lines and circles on the back of my hand, every so often sliding her fingers through mine. The closeness and pleasant feelings make me sigh against her neck as I continue to caress it with my lips.Her free hand reaches up and rests behind my head, pressing my face into her shoulder and I kiss the skin more firmly as my left hand glides up her side. Up over the shorts and top until I finally reach her armpit. It skirts the soft flesh there, the hint of stubble regrown from yesterday’s shower, and then onwards to the tender skin of her arm.Searching more I find the narrow piece of fabric that makes the shoulder strap and I peel it down, off the shoulder and down the arm, until she wriggles slightly and threads her arm through it.The fingers of our right hands continue to entwine and stroke each other but as I continue to move the left side of her top lower, she gently pushes my hand upwards from her stomach until I can feel the curve of a boob against my thumb. She then releases my hand and rests hers on her stomach as I lightly stroke the curve of firm flesh that is now in reach.She raises her left arm until it reaches behind my head and pulls me close so that we can just about kiss when she turns her neck. As we do my left hand reaches upwards to run from her elbow to her armpit where it rests, lightly pressing against her skin at the exact point I know she loves so much.All this has been done by touch alone, our hands working a carefully choreographed dance we’ve done countless times before and the next move would be for me to move my right hand so that it cups her breast. But I delay, gently caressing the underside with my thumb until she takes my hand and forces my palm to brush her erect nipple. Still, I tease, allowing my palm to caress the very tip, as she tries to make me grasp the whole breast.Finally, I give in and our joined fingers press against the flesh of her breast and she makes them both knead it in unison.By now I can feel my cock growing hard in my shorts. It’s pressing against her bum, which she has started moving in small circular motions against me, encouraging me to harden even more. Suddenly, it slips between her ass cheeks and nestles in the crevice as it grows towards full erection.We continue like this for a while, our hands playing with her breast together, massaging the flesh and tweaking the nipple, while she rubs my penis with her bum and I shower her neck and shoulders with increasingly hungry kisses.My free hand runs down her side again and over onto the hip. Shifting slightly I slip my hand inside the waistband of her shorts and I feel the knickers as it slides round onto her bum. I massage her cheek and enjoy the feel of the soft skin. The hand she’s had behind my head moves to reach between us and she shifts position slightly so that it can touch my erection through the material of my shorts. I feel her grasp its hardness and quickly pull away, twisting as she goes, until she’s facing me.We kiss deeply. I feel her hand pushing my shorts down enough so that my erection slips up and her hand returns to it, starting to stroke me. It feels amazing. The coolness of her hand contrasts with the heat emanating from my groin, and the steady and increasingly firm movements arouse me more and more.Then she lets go and moves her hand between my thighs, and I gasp as she gently squeezes and juggles my balls. Again her hand moves, and this time it searches for my hand, which has been resting on my stomach. She slips her fingers between mine and leads our joined hands back to my stiff penis, and wraps our hands around it.They start to move together and I’m not quite sure who is in control of the steady rhythm along my shaft. All I know is that I can feel myself building towards a climax that I’m not ready for yet, so I pull away.In a series of movements roll her onto your back, pull my shorts off, and kneel between her legs. I lean forward and push her top right up, before leaning forward and kissing my way up her body, through the cleavage until we are kissing, our tongues entwining and our teeth clashing against each other in our hunger. I feel her legs rising up along mine, seeking to cross behind each other to pull me closer, but entry is barred by her shorts and knickers.So I kneel back up and, in a well-practiced movement, I grab both sides of them and pull them both quickly down her thighs as she lifts her legs high. As she does, the full beauty of her groin is revealed to me. The beautiful pussy is highlighted by the hint of moisture I can see along the edges of her lips, and I just know I have to touch it.My thumbs gently pull the two halves apart and I see the dusky skin separate to reveal the darker pink edge of her labia, already wet with arousal. My left thumb traces a line from where it is down towards the perineum, and back up to her clitoris and starts to draw small circles around it, drawing out a gasp.My other hand reaches for hers and our fingers entwine once more. I feel little resistance as I move them down between her legs, where they start to work together to bring pleasure. As our fingers slip between her lips she becomes even wetter and we move our fingers together onto her clit.Slipping her other hand between us, she reaches for my cock and takes it, moving it up and down against her pussy. Her breathing starts to increase and she guides me to the source of her nectar and lifts her hips so that my swollen glans enters her. She sighs, in what I assume is pleasure, and I groan in what I know is!I start to slide further in and feel the warmth of her body engulf me, whilst still feeling slight pressure from her fingers around my shaft until I’m in as deep as I can go with her fingers still wrapped around me. Slowly our bodies start to build a rhythm and, with a slight move, I feel her fingernails lightly graze the skin of my cock. It feels incredible, especially when her fingers start to move in circles and I realize she is teasing her clitoris while we make love.Soon all the various sensations I’m feeling start building to the inevitable conclusion. After a few more strokes, I feel myself reach the edge and fill her with my seed. I pull back and gently replace her fingers with my thumb, and it’s the work of only a few seconds before her climax hits and I see her cheeks and breasts flush as blood rushes to the skin.She lies there, a vision of post-coital beauty with a slight sheen of sweat coating her body from our exertion. I lean forward and kiss my way from her stomach to her breasts, where my mouth showers kisses across them and my tongue teases the nipples. I kiss my way further, up to her neck, and chin until our mouths are joined and we kiss deeply, our tongues tasting each other.Finally, I roll onto my side and my hand rests on her stomach, pressing gently, before sliding lower and tracing a line through her pubic hair to the place my body had so recently vacated. I slide my finger through the damp tangle of hair and feel our combined fluids amidst them. I return my attention to her clit. Another gasp escapes her lips and she holds my wrist, but I keep going and quickly I feel her start to respond to my touch again. Her hips start to move against my fingers and I keep going until she groans as a second orgasm courses through her.Once she comes down from the orgasmic heights, she rolls onto her side, kisses me deeply, and then thanks me. We cuddle again, her head resting against me until the 7:00 a.m. alarm sounds on her phone and we reluctantly get up to start the day.