This is a continuation of “High Country Hijinks: The hotel.”The next morning, he awoke to a chilly room. The fire had died out during the night, and they had fallen asleep naked and wet on top of the bed. At some point, one of them had pulled the coverlet up, but their naked skin was the primary source of heat fending off the frigid high desert air.He made his way to the fireplace and threw several logs on, a fire starter on top, and lit a match to rekindle another blaze. At the French doors of the balcony, he drew back the curtains. It was bright outside, a fresh thin layer of snow covering everything he could see. The sky was aluminum colored, a combination of clouds and lightly blowing flurries. Not unexpectedly, he’d woken up with an erection. Replaying his favorite parts of the evening before, he’d maintained it while he prepped the fire and opened the drapes. As he walked over to the bed and slowly pulled the coverlet down to reveal his naked wife, he stroked it to keep its rigid firmness.Still asleep on her side, she unwittingly attempted to pull the covers back up; there was still a chill in the room. The fire grew, and he could feel its warmth as he slowly crawled onto the kingsized bed and rolled her onto her back. The brightness of the scenery outside the French doors assaulted her eyes, and she instinctively pulled the pillow over her face to shade them. As she did, he parted her thighs, placed his face between them, and inhaled the rich aroma.Santa Fe offered a plethora of aromatic pleasures: mountain air, burning piñon, spicy culinary specialties, and his wife’s pussy. Always a treat, the scent of her in the morning after he’d cum in her the night before was something he looked forward to and craved. It was as sexy a smell as could be, a combination of their previous orgasms coating her swollen outer folds and pooling inside the bright pink inner lips. Early in their marriage, she would have been far too self-conscious to allow his face so close to her pussy without first having showered. But at some point, she’d realized it was no longer her pussy, it was his, and she would not deny his pleasure of enjoying it as he saw fit. His pleasure heightened her own. She spread her thighs wide open.The kiva fireplace behind him was now popping and crackling. He wasn’t sure if it was the fire or his wife that was making the room so warm. When she spread her thighs as wide as they would go, the light reflecting on the snow outside streamed in and bathed her pussy in a glow that made it obvious she’d been dreaming about the night before, as well. The juices trickling out formed icing on her pussy that he slowly licked off. The slick, musky sauce covered his tongue as he slid it up and down her opening. She reflexively moved her hips up and down to meet his touch and let out soft moans muffled by the pillow still covering her face.Without ever taking his tongue off her sweet taco, he rolled to one side so that he was no longer lying on top of his cock. Reaching down, he wrapped his hand around it so he could stroke it while he licked her pussy—not the type of stroke he used when in search of an orgasm; he stroked it lightly, almost as if to tease himself. As his tongue dipped into her and discovered a small pool of honey, his fingers made their way to the head of his dick, where he found a sizable bead of pre-cum. His tongue made the same motion in her pussy as his fingers did on the head of his now throbbing dick, causing both of them to move their hips back and forth reflexively.He considered, for a moment, sliding the head of his dick up and down her slit and then slipping it into her warm wet velvet sleeve and pumping them to a shared climax. But then he figured they had five days ahead of them, and he was determined to make each time they came different than the one before.By this time, her hips were bucking up and down almost violently. His hand reflexively stroked his dick with a tighter grip. The sounds coming from underneath the pillow were deeper and rawer. She reached down with her hands and spread herself as wide open as she could, and he buried his face inside her. His beard was soaking in juices as he pulled out his tongue from her depths and focused all its energy on her clit. She pulled back the protective flesh hood from her swollen pleasure nub with one index finger. The flicks of his tongue directly on her clit caused her bucking to become almost violent. He had to let go of his cock so that he didn’t cum, instead focusing on her imminent orgasm.He put his whole mouth around her clit and sucked on it like a straw full of the creamiest, thickest milkshake he’d ever tasted. The suction on her clit after the teasing of his tongue sent her over the edge, and the orgasm rocked her whole body, making her quake on top of the mattress like a fish that had been cut loose from the line but couldn’t make its way back to the water. As she came down from the peak, she fell almost lifeless on the bed, every bit of her energy exhausted.With one hand, he grabbed the pillow she’d screamed into as she came and tossed it off the bed. With his other hand, he grabbed his now throbbing dick, covered in clear nectar that indicated he was about to explode. He quickly moved up and straddled her, his thighs on either side of her upper torso, his pulsating dick aimed at her waiting face. Her eyes still closed, she could smell the earthy scent of his cock just inches from her lips and parted them so that her tongue was exposed.The deep guttural sound he made coincided with each thrust of his hips and the warm shots of his cum hitting her mouth, then her chin, and then dripping down her neck. She licked the thick white liquid from her lips and showed it to him before it disappeared into her mouth. He rubbed the remainder of his climax into her skin with the swollen head of his dick, now so sensitive it was nearly painful. Nearly.Plans to go out for breakfast were scrapped. Instead, he dismounted her, threw a few more logs on the fire, and crawled back into bed. He kissed her sticky, salty lips, pulled the sheet up so it covered only their legs, and they fell back asleep.