Which stories are you interested in reading? (See summaries in the accompanying post!)Cucumber FunWhere Have You Been, Dirty Boy?Booty's Sore but Still Wanting MoreView ResultsLoading ...Greetings from Mr. and Mrs. KK!We have three stories to share, all from the same vacation. Two include anal sex, and a little bit of hotwife fantasy/roleplay.Anal for us is always reserved for vacation, as it seems more appropriate and intense. We’re not sure if you’ll enjoy them, as we’ve seen similar stories receive negative reviews. So, we’re going to let the husbands and wives in Christ decide before we write them.Mrs. K is a housewife. Some of the scenes involve a fictional/invisible character. Everything happens between husband and wife, with no other people involved, but a little fantasy and roleplay is normal for us.Depending on the number of votes, we’ll write all three if necessary. And for the stories you like, please provide recommendations for the titles. We’re not very good at that.[Note from MH: We added a placeholder title suggestion for each story, just to make the poll simpler, but everyone feel free to suggest more titles ideas!]1. Cucumber FunTo make Mr. K jealous, Mrs. K planned to take control and massage her wet pussy with a green cucumber in front of him. Mr. K was not expecting this at all! It’s something they do very often on vacation especially before climax to make it rough but never was a green cock involved. Throughout this, Mrs. K threw out hints and remarks to get his imagination going, hinting that it was a green cock she was pleasuring. She sometimes talks to herself to provoke Mr. K. At certain points, she talked to her fictional “trainer” and “boyfriend”, not imagining specific scenes, but just stoking lust for each other. Mrs. K planned the whole fictional scenario. She’s a housewife, and never goes to a commercial gym. It’s normal, safe and super passionate for us. At the end her little asshole paid the price.2. Where Have You Been, Dirty Boy?At breakfast, Mrs. K orders Mr. K not to wash his cock or retract his foreskin (when peeing) until tonight (going on a bus tour). She wants to sniff and smell his dirty, musky cock and wants Mr. K to talk dirty to her while he fingers her, telling her dirty things about where his cock has been to smell so strong. She also wants Mr. K to make her jealous by asking if she likes the taste (as if it’s someone’s pussy).3. Booty’s Sore but Still Wanting MoreOn the third and last day of the vacation, Mrs. K knew Mr. K wouldn’t cum as quickly because they’d had sex that morning. Her ass was a little sore from the first day, but she wanted it badly in her ass again despite the soreness, and she got it. That night, they felt something slippery down there and thought it might be a mini mishap—perfectly normal, and nothing to worry about). They usually would stop and take it to the shower. However, tonight, Mrs. K ordered him to keep going that night and finish like a man.[Note from MH: Keep in mind, fantasies or references to sexual involvement with parties outside the marriage may be tamed down or removed entirely if they are not deemed to support MarriageHeat’s marriage-centered mission.]