This post includes an element of fantasy (F).CreamyPatty, BootyLiscious, and other dear horny MH readers kindly asked for a detailed account of how I spent a lonely evening while my Ken was away. I decided to respond with a short story of “what went down…”It had been a long day, and I was feeling somewhat tired and lonely. Plus, a thunderstorm was making its presence known, still warm and humid enough to leave the bedroom windows halfway open. A nice sultry breeze was circulating throughout the second floor of our home.I love the excitement of impending lightning and thunderstorms. Such power and majesty remind me of Psalms and other scriptures describing God’s power and glory, often expressed through such divine disturbances in the atmosphere.Not to be sacrilegious or disrespectful, but I especially enjoy communing with the heavenly realm while naked, playing and masturbating alone during thunderstorms. God graciously enabled females to experience multiple orgasmic bliss. I get so turned on during these storms because I get to thank the Lord between bolts of lightning and crashes of thunder for the gift of marital sex and erotica through my orgasms.Lying naked in the dark, my body illuminated by flashes of lightning, crying out at the top of my lungs with each climax drowned out by the thunder: this is one way I worship the Lord and his majesty. Naked and vulnerable, I know I’m surrounded by a heavenly host of witnesses, communing with the universe and my Creator, who lovingly gifted me with the ability to climax over and over again. It is an incredibly sacred and beautifully erotic experience.(Remind me to share a story about enjoying a similar experience alone one night during a thunderstorm on our deck. I communed naked with a heavenly light show and my battery-operated toys until I apparently cried out one too many times, and a concerned neighbor notified the authorities.)So yes, I was in a mellow, chill mood, working on a bottle of red mix. It was dark outside, and I had the air turned off and 1990’s Smooth Jazz wafting through our home audio system. Oh, and I had gotten rather hot and bothered after one of CreamyPatty’s quite delicious posts that evening. Having been naked for some time now, I was all sweaty from the humidity in the house. Sweat pooled at my navel and, like a teardrop, slid down my peach-fuzzy tummy along my right hip.Yes, my bush and pits were in need of a trim and becoming quite moist, as was the area under my breasts. I loved how heavily they lay in my palms, warm and sweaty. I felt totally natural, almost primal, lying naked upon our king-size bed with the sheets pulled all the way back. DNA stains, evidence from our recent lovemaking, remained imprinted upon the fitted sheet.After turning up the music and placing three lit jasmine candles around the bathroom, I slid open the glass shower door, turned on the hot water, and grabbed the adjustable shower head. Then I lay flat on my back in the spacious enclosure, my feet planted firmly against the tiled wall. Opening my legs to accommodate the luxurious hot water shooting out of the portable jet, I adjusted the dial to a slow steady pulse rhythm before gently inserting one, then two fingers into my lonely pussy. It felt really nice as they slid right in. I kept tasting them to gauge how wet I was. Mmmm. My pussy tastes so wonderful, even in the shower. I crave the taste of myself on my fingers, upon Ken’s dick, or from his lips. Ahhhh.Since both our shower heads spray water simultaneously, my entire body was responding to the soothing hot water cascading upon my face, throat, torso, and between my legs. Eyes closed, I fantasized about being a secret operative working behind enemy lines. Captured by a squad of female soldiers, I was brought to this secret cell, made to strip naked, and placed on my back to receive this so-called water treatment. With the drugs they gave me combined with pulsating shower head working its magic upon my little nub, their expectation was I would disclose the purpose of my top-secret mission.Thanks to my secluded steamy environment, with fingers and water jets working my water-and-cum-soaked hairy twat, my legs starting to cramp from the elevated angle upon the wall and the warm buzz of the wine. I truly felt as if I were being “made to talk” to my imaginary captives. No violence, just raw sexual stimulation and energy.“OK, OK, damn you… Ahhhhhhh, I’ll tell you everything. Mmmmm. Ohhhhh, Ohhhhh, Mmmmmmm. No, no, no. I’m Cum—Ahhhh… Ahhhhhh… Ohhhhhhhh!”“Look at her buck like a wild stallion,” the leader said.“Yes, I quite enjoy breaking these strong wild ones,” another one laughed. “Look at those powerful legs.”“Wow, is she pissing as she cums? Or squirting? Hard to tell through all that water and hair.”“I thought western women all shaved themselves. Certainly not this one.”“Maybe we should shave her bald right now and find out for ourselves.”Between multiple incredibly convulsing orgasms, I finally broke down. I reluctantly told my captors what they wanted to know until the hot water started running lukewarm, and my cunt was getting sore. My interrogation must have lasted a good 30 minutes or more before the hot water started running out.It was pure bliss while it lasted.I toweled off, brushed out my hair, brushed my teeth, and collapsed onto our bed. Naked and exhausted, I slipped away into a wonderfully deep sleep, oblivious to my still throbbing pussy and the accompanying thunderstorm. One with the universe.