(A) – This story briefly mentions anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.Once married, there are no strings attached between husband and wife. Anything goes—provided we don’t cheat or have affairs that could jeopardize our relationship.Ruby and I (Ariston) are always very open in our sexual encounters, and despite some previous encounters before we met, we never let that stand in our way. Ruby and I would sometimes discuss our history of private acts with others. She was the one who admittedly spoke about virtually any type of sexual encounters, which would make me rise to the occasion.She was very vivid in her descriptions, and this in turn gave me the inspiration to explore new avenues with her. Before we met, she was always willing to explore, with one exception. She had never had anyone pop her anal cherry, as she felt that that would be an ultimate act, so she reserved it for her husband. She and I did finally do it, although we didn’t repeat it often, as it was somewhat painful for her. But inserting my penis is her back passage gave us both amazing sensations and made it an event to remember. We would leave that act for those special times when we would just let go and open up. On those nights, I would make her scream wildly as her orgasms would never stop.Anyhow, this is just an intro to what was new to us, but not the gist of the episode I’m about to relay.One Saturday afternoon, we were just lounging around in and out of the house as we usually do. Ruby was very scantily dressed in a see-through dress with no undies. It didn’t bother her much, as she is one for showing off her sexuality, so she found joy and satisfaction in showing off, especially when gardening. I had my shorts on, and as usual, a T-shirt to cover my chest.I caught sight of the beautiful view she was providing as she worked out in the yard, and said to her, “You look damn sexy, and I could eat you out, right here on the lush green lawn!”“Really?” she asked. She teased me by pulling up her dress, showing me more of her pink pussy, so clean and shining. Clearly she was already down there, almost oozing. “You want a quick taste?” she asked suggestively. As I drew closer to her, she pushed two fingers deep into herself, then held them out to me and placed them in my mouth.I could taste her sweet juices, and my own pre-cum started oozing. I stuck a finger inside my shorts, and touched the tip of my penis, which was now erect. I gathered my pre-cum and carefully pulled my finger out of my shorts, then gently rubbed it onto her lips and inserted the finger in her mouth.“Mmm,” she hummed with appreciation. The stickiness on her lips seem to shine. “You’re so salty and I love it!” We have a very private wall enclosing our yard, so with very little risk of unwanted eyes watching, she went straight to my penis, pulled down my shorts and gave me an extra special suck. She fully swallowed my cock, then very shortly, we shifted into the 69 position and had fun, mutual oral sex. I wouldn’t let go of her pussy, and she fucked my cock with her mouth.A few minutes later, she stopped and asked me to stop too. Then she grabbed my hand and pulled me inside the house, heading straight to the bedroom.“You’re going to do it, and I’m going to give it to you,” she said with determination. I was stunned at her firmness, and all I managed to say was “Okay.”She quickly discarded what little clothing she had on, then positioned herself across the bed sideways. She asked for a stool and pillow, and I was a bit confused at first, but she obviously had some unknown sexy idea in mind, so I obliged. She set the stool next to the bed, put the pillow on the stool, and then lay on her back with her head on the stool. In this position, her mouth was clear and open, and her next words made it clear what she wanted me to do.“Now fuck my mouth and bend forward and suck my pussy.”I couldn’t believe that Ruby knew how to mouth fuck. I gently lowered my cock into her mouth, making sure she stayed comfortable, then I leaned forward and used my mouth to nudge at her clit and pussy. The was so intense, and it didn’t take long for either of us to reach the peak.I felt her shaking, and that set off my cock in a spasm. I ejected my load as she hungrily gulped every drop. By the time we were done, her cunt juices were all smeared over my face.We lay still for a while, then we carefully untangled ourselves and collapsed on the bed. Once we recovered, we dressed up in the same clothes as before, and we went back outside to finish our work in the garden.“You are so good at having your mouth fucked!” I complimented her. “How do you do that?”“That’s my secret,” she said, “But I’ll tell you soon!” She winked at me and stuck out her tongue. Then she licked her lips, as if still enjoying the taste I’d left there.