Laundry TimeThis wonderful event happened sometime in the first half of our long marriage.  It took place during the day, when our young kids were at school.  My wife had been gone for a couple weeks to take care of her mom after a back surgery.  Janet’s hometown is about 2-3 hours from our metro area.  Due to my work schedule, I couldn’t take time off to go see her.  Or even drive down for a short visit.We discussed caring for elderly parents early in our marriage, and agreed to support each other through these events.  Even if it meant one spouse having to be away for intervals of time. So, my wife’s two week trip was not an issue at all between us as a couple.  But as the old saying goes, absence does make the heart grow fonder.Fortunately for us, my variable work schedule allowed me to come home early the day she was to arrive back home.  Janet’s mom was doing well, so I knew that we would probably be going out to dinner later, catch up on the details of her trip, and catch up on our love life later, at bedtime.  Janet had arrived home about mid morning, and was doing the laundry she had accumulated the last few days at her mother’s house.  She had told me a few days ago to hold off doing our own household laundry, as she would take care of ALL of it when she returned. (My wife is very picky about the laundry, and likes doing it her way.)  With a few days worth of worn clothes, there was a bit to do to catch up after she came home that morning.So after I arrived home in the early afternoon, I immediately sought my wife.  On the second floor, I was greeted by the sight of Janet wearing sweat pants and a T-shirt. She was putting clothes in the dryer.  There were piles of clothes all around the upstairs laundry area in the open plan, second floor loft.  A set of bifold doors hid the appliances when not in use.Three facts made our wonderful reunion possible.One was that the laundry area was only fifteen feet or so from our master bedroom.Another was the fact that we had an older dryer at the time (the kind notorious for creating a nice, warm, shaking movement to add to the excitement of trapping your spouse’s body between you and the appliance).The last is the fact that Janet was wearing a pair of thin sweat pants (the normal, everyday, around-the-house utility pants of that era.  With my (our) libido already high, she could have been wearing the baggiest clothes on earth, but if she’d been wearing the tighter workout pants of today, I can guarantee we would have never left the laundry area.  I would not have been able to resist making out through the tight pants and ripping them off right there!I saw her doing her laundry thing, in those sweats and loose T shirt, and my desire started rising skyward.  We exchanged a quick kiss as we both said how we missed each other, and Janet turned back to the dryer, bending over and put a few more things in the drum.  When she closed the door and leaned over to adjust the controls, I stepped closer, placing one foot between her two bare feet on the floor, and leaned against her rump.  I slid my hands under the shirt and caressed her sides, right above her waist.“I REALLY missed you!” I stated, making my intentions fully clear.“Okay! Okay…” My wife surrendered, half laughing at my comment. “Just let me get this load started!”As she fiddled with the dials, I pressed myself against her and therefore, pushed her pelvis tighter against the dryer.  The appliance was already warm from previous loads.“Take your time,” I murmured.  The dryer came to life, whirring and vibrating.  I kept my hands busy on the skin of her sides and back, lifting her shirt so I could see more of her torso.  I also wedged one thigh into the crack of her rear to keep her pelvis pinned tightly against the warm, vibrating appliance!  Janet just stayed in place, allowing me my husbandly delights. Using her cooperation as a signal, I pushed her even more against the machine.After a short time, my wife raised up so she was no longer bent over the dryer.  Now I could really push her pelvis into the movements of the machine, and I slid my hands up to cup each of her massive 36DDD melons in my hands.  Janet was wearing a sports bra because her regular bras could go in the laundry—a very fortuitous event. Her sports bra offered no real padding or protection from my teasing, inquisitive fingers and thumbs, so I began slowly playing over her ample globes.  My wife knew she was (willingly) trapped, and decided to make the best of her situation by peeling her shirt off and tossing it aside.“This shirt is too hot!” Janet complained, trying to sound so righteous about stripping her top off!“Yeah…” Igrowled.“You’re hot!”I kept up the assault of her bosom from behind as I nuzzled and moaned into her neck.“Can I at least turn around?” Janet asked.  She was obviously tiring of being pinned against the machine!I noticed she hadn’t asked to move to the bedroom…yet.“If we can make love NOW!” I answered,  panting in desire. “I can’t wait until tonight!”“Okay! Okay!” She answered, as I gave her just enough room to turn around.In a flash, I pressed against her once more, my erection evident through my jeans as I leaned against her.  I took hold of her head and captured her lips passionately with mine, as my free hand roamed her upper body.  The machine kept up its warmth and vibrations, aiding and abetting our furious delight as we made out while fully upright in the laundry area.  Before long, I knelt down in front of her and began peeling those sweat pants from her lower body.“Honey, please!” Janet urged, but it was too late!The pants came down, and I was shocked to find my wife naked under the outfit!  She NEVER goes without underwear, so I was in shock and awe!My wife quickly explained.  “My underwear was dirty, so I just tossed them in earlier—I didn’t know you’d be home so early!All that was superfluous talk, with me enjoying the view of her naked rear with the workout pants down to her thighs!“Lucky me…” I growled as I slid the pants from her silky smooth legs.Janet knew she was lovingly trapped in this predicament of her own making!  In my state of desire and need, the sight of her naked bottom half would push me over the edge, and turn me into the ultimate ravenous husband!  With my hands working feverishly, she willingly leaned over to help—and as furiously as I was!  It was obvious that being lovingly “attacked” by her starving husband had turned her own arousal up as well, and I took the liberty of gently guiding her down by one arm.  Yeah—lucky me!She half heartedly protested as I rolled her onto a soft pile of clothes and continued our make out session.  After more kissing of her lips, entwining our tongues, and fondling  her chest,  I started pulling at the sports bra.  Suddenly Janet became aware that I wasn’t stopping.“Not HERE!” My wife protested, but smiling.“I can’t help it!” I stated, my eyes gleaming and my hands roaming over her legs and torso.“Let’s at least move to the bedroom!”  She insisted.“Okay!” I smiled,  “You go FIRST!”That was a husbandly trick because I knew she really wouldn’t want to walk or even dash across the open loft area to get to our bedroom.  Janet is pretty conservative, and highly dislikes the idea of someone else accidentally seeing us (her) naked while playing around.   The open plan of the upstairs entry loft had two large windows and under those was the front door (with partially frosted glass).  Many times in these type of situations, her mind fills with the most unlikely scenarios of someone catching a glimpse of our fleeting nakedness.Fortunately, our intense mutual arousal from a couple weeks of abstinence was going to present her with a dilemma: stay on the piles of soft laundry and be lovingly assaulted by her ravenous husband, or make a quick escape through our open, second story loft to the comfort and visual security of our own bed.  She was going to be ravished either way.I thought she’d simply stand up and hurry across the divide.  Instead, my wife decided it would be better to stay on all fours, and move across the carpeted floor on her hands and knees.  That way, there was no chance of someone else seeing her naked while she made it to our bedroom.  Janet started off ahead of me.  What a nice opportunity this presented!  I could follow right behind her, playfully grabbing and goosing her along the way, giving her short, intense little tickles on her thighs and rear end as she made her way haltingly to the bedroom.  She squealed and playfully protested, sometimes pausing briefly to try and defend herself by reaching back with one hand to block mine, but I reminded her that if she stopped moving, I’d catch her and we’d do it right here on the carpeted floor!We scrabbled haphazardly for several feet in a continual, playful “fight” as I goosed and grabbed at her, while most times she blurted“No!” or just huffed as she fended off my advances!Finally she made it into the bedroom, stood up and moved quickly toward the bed.  She yankedthe covers down, and looked back at me.“You’re not even undressed!” Janet smirked.“Mmm, hmm…” I answered. “You just get into bed. I’ll be ready soon enough!”I watched her slide under the thin sheet, only covering her naked lower half, her sports bra still in place.Next I watched her eyes as I slipped off my shirt, then my jeans, and then my underwear.  The underwear came off slowly because of my now full erection—I had to be careful to avoid ‘entanglement’ as the garment came off my man parts.  I noticed her eyes on my crotch.When I removed my underwear, I slid under the covers.We started kissing passionately, slowly at first.  We moaned in desire as our tongues explored each other’s mouths hungrily, and I drank in the smell of her hair, her skin and began caressing her shoulder.Janet started moving her arm to remove that sports bra, but I murmured, “HUH Uhhhh!” as I took hold of her hand and pressed in gently to the mattress.I kept devouring her mouth and lips and neck with my lips and tongue and used my right hand to roam over her upper body!  Quickly I had a breast cupped in my hand, and was kneading the plush mound, making sure that my palm, the web, and heel of my palm were all touching and rubbing against her fabric-covered left nipple!Just like during some makeout sessions before we were married, her more sensitive left breast became more swollen, and its nipple strained at the thin fabric!I could feel every bit of that lengthening erect nubbin, and pinched it gently between my finger and thumb.Her louder, longer moan of pleasure at that motion was muffled by my mouth covering hers and my tongue probing deep along hers!My other hand slipped behind her head and pulled her forward into me!The strength I used to keep us tight together left no doubt as to my fervent husbandly desires and maniacal intentions!Sharing my fervor, Janet’s hands roamed over my chest and shoulders and back as we stayed locked into and onto each other!My moans of delight and need joined hers and we rocked a little back and forth!My right thigh was wedged between hers and I felt her thin pubic hair rubbing against me!I finally broke contact with her lips and reached up and peeled the tight sports bra from her!Janet simply raised her arms as I worked that undergarment from her chest, being careful even in my exuberance to avoid catching her now distended nipples with the fabric!Once I had the bra up and over her large breasts,Janet crossed her arms in that universally sensual motion of taking hold of a top or sports bra and peeling it off the rest of the way!If my wife had been upright, her large melons of breast flesh would have popped free and flopped into view in a erotic reveal!Being on her back did not stop the visual excitement of seeing those large mounds simply flatten out over her chest, forming two delightfully thick pancakes of succulent breast flesh to satisfy my husbandly appetite!Murmuring in approval of the sight before my eyes, I improved my view by sliding my hands up along Janet’s sides and hefting the mounds and pressing them a little closer together.My motions made the breasts form small mountains with her cleavage forming between them.That husband-formed valley is where my ravenous lips and tongue went first—diving in, kissing and nuzzling, my tongue tasting every bit of Janet’s chest as I held her mammaries in place with my strong hands!I used my thumbs in a gentle windshield wiper motion to flick her already stiffened nubbins adorning each breast!The nipples, pink and distended fully, pointed at me in a God given signal of desire! Those long and swollen tips were like the burning bush that consumed Mose’s attention!I didn’t hesitate to heed the call of our Maker to consume each of his gifts in turn!I moaned onto each tender tip, lapping at them, swirling my tongue around them before taking each one in turn into my voracious mouth!Janet’s sounds of pleasure and desire filled my ears to accompany mine as I kept working at the ends of each breast, until the nipples were thoroughly wet and even more swollen!“I can’t get enough of you!”I groaned in helplessness.I took turns going from one to the other, capturing and recapturing each nipple with my lips and tongue, sucking, licking, working them!After I latched onto her left nipple for the whatever time… Janet moaned once more, but used one hand to slip behind my head and pull me tighter against her mound!“Keep going!” My wife of many years gurgled, only releasing my head when I moved over to the other side!We recreated the same scenario on the other side of her receptive chest!My wife LOVES breast and nipple play, and relishes the situation like this when I am on top and seemingly in control, but actually am drowning in the essence of her, in the physical delights of her!Janet knows that my desire and infatuation with her curves is from a deep, heartfelt desire borne of the Holy Spirit as I surrender to my wife and give her all I have in a helpless display of submission!At this point, I HAVE to devour the gifts of her body!And my wife let me hear her passion as well, calling out, “UH HO, YEAH!” then,“OH HO, YEAAH!” as I visited each nipple in turn!There is no mistaking that our lovemaking is a mutually fulfilling event—at anytime, but especially after several days absence between us!Once I had spent my usual excessive time on my wife’s chest, it was time to start exploring southward.I kissed and caressed my way down her ribs and torso from below her breasts to the northern border of her abdominal and tummy area.I did a sweet little swirl of a taste of her belly button before circling outward and going side to side across her tummy!Soon I was nearing the crease of her groin where her pelvis/hip meet the thigh.This long valley of tender skin is one of the most sensual areas of a woman’s body, in my opinion!  I love spending time in those sweet valleys of delight!I started by kissing and nuzzling along the folds, then ran the tip of my tongue through the creases!Then I used my fingertips to caress and massage on each side of the fold and part it like a delicate flower, as if I was searching for nectar.  (Well, I kind of was…)I was looking for the “nectar” of Janet’s pleasure and mine!  I gently spread the folds open and repeated my nuzzling and kissing and lapping at the creases, and then used my open lips in a “nomming” vibrating action.I specifically made love to her via these two tender creases, as surely and as effectively as I could by enjoying her nipples and breasts, and the same as though the folds before me were the delicate inner folds of her vulva!Janet moaned with delight as I devoured the taste and smoothness of her hip creases!She knows how excited I become with this sensual area, and my enthusiasm increases her arousal as well!And in all honesty, another reason I revel in these folds is because I am close to her most beautiful and intimate female area.I love the fragrance of desire I enjoy from hovering so close to her now moistening—no, actually, leaking intimate folds!  Janet becomes so aroused from foreplay that I can’t play much in the way of oral stimulation as it can quickly overwhelm her senses and she will orgasm immediately, sometimes from the very slightest touch on her clit or even near it!That’s where I was right now: moving back and forth across her tummy, kissing and nuzzling close to the top of her vulva and slit… that glistening, wet slit!I let my fingertips caress her vulva, teasing amongst her sparse hairs there and then touching the most inner lips… just at the outermost edges!I kissed along the lowest tummy flesh, VERY close to the top of her slit and right above where her pink little nubbin of delight sits!As I kissed and breathed, I moved my mouth over and blew gently across the swollen little bud.The air movement alone was enough to make Janet shudder and squirm a bit.“GOD!” She gasped.“Be careful! You kn—”“Shh…” I interrupted her.“I’m just gonna play…”I teased her vulva and inner lips open with my fingertips, parting them like a delicate flower I thought might break!Her little whimpers of delight and pleasure were almost too much for me!Her sensual noises made me want to tease more… but I knew I couldn’t!  And the longer I lingered, hearing her arousal rising by her little moans and breathing… it was like literally playing with FIRE!“I can’t take this,” I growled.“You’re too much for me!”I tore myself away, and turned my attention to her left thigh!I kissed my way along those curves but ended up on the inner side, nuzzling the tender, soft flesh of near heaven.I kissed and nuzzled and nommed that area as I devoured her flesh!  More moans inspired more nuzzling, and I eventually made my way high into the crease between her vulva and upper thigh.That’s when I moved to the right thigh and repeated the same moves in a second sensual assault of her flesh and soul!I contentedly murmured my way up and down on her soft flesh, pressing in on it, and finally had to break contact with her leg because I kept having too many thoughts of just going on and devouring her intimate flesh with my ravenous mouth and tongue!Janet knew my willpower for her very sensitive spots was weak at best, nearly zero after enjoying so much of her body and the thrills of her own responses!  My wife put her hand on the back of my head, not to pull me closer but to pull me up and toward her torso—to save me from myself as she realized how close I was heading to doing more oral playing than I should for our usual thorough lovemaking!I was drinking in the intoxication of our mutual desire for each other, and raised my head from her territory of female delights.“Huuuuh!” Igrunted, looking around, and up to her face!“I’ve got to get out of here!” I moaned in anguish! Anguish because no part of me wanted to leave that sensual area of her body!  So I slid forward on my knees until my face was back over her chest as she breathed heavily.Seeing her breasts flattened out before me, her light pink nipples darkening with arousal, I moaned and leaned over and lapped and tasted each one again!“I can’t get enough of you…” I murmured.“Yeah, well… you’d better get in me before its too late!”smiled Janet, making more room for her incredibly aroused husband by opening her thighs a little more!“Oh yeah?”I smiled as I raised my pelvis up and brought my throbbing erection close to its true home.  This is the time when I can really be a tease to my poor overexcited wife.  And I relish seeing her face and the noises as her arousal overwhelms her.Sometimes I barely touch the head of my penis to her engorged button.  Other times, I just push my organ in a little and make her move her sexy hips.  She earns the rest with her erotic wiggles and thrusts!“Don’t tease me, baby!” My wife directed.“I won’t be able to take it.”She didn’t beg or plead, but not because she didn’t enjoy it.  The forced abstinence and our mutual foreplay had her (and me) too close for comfort!I slowly thrust deeper. Then my wife clutched at my rear and pulled me in tighter, and thrust her pelvis into me!“YEAH!”Janet exclaimed, as I grunted and rammed myself firmly into her. “THAT’S the way!” I heard my innocent young wife finish her sentence with glee.  She had one hand still on my hip as the other teased and tweaked my tiny erect nipples!Well, her attentions were too much for this excited husband as well! I quickly became a sex machine, drilling into her with wild abandon!Our feverish lovemaking was as violent as one might expect.  A controlled but urgent pounding.  This showed my deepest desire and wanting her mind AND body after the past two weeks of necessary abstinence.  It was obvious that Janet wanted me as well.What spouse doesn’t relish their partner nearly out of their mind with desire and need?  We groaned and grunted with great arousal and delight as we kept at each other and nearing the edge!My guttural groans and grunts of “Yeah!” and “Yes!” and “OH BABY!” filled the air!  Especially the last one!Every “OH” was timed with a thrust of my pelvis. Every “BABY” ended with the last bit of my forward stroke deep into her womanly vault!Janet answered my primeval motions with her own involuntary and helpless mews and mewls and squeaks and squeals of delight, until we both knew we were in the home stretch. Each of our moans and groans helplessly signaled the alarm as the fires of desire consumed us!My volume got louder.Janet was still touching my chest, and I reached to her left nipple and toyed with it gently. Then her right!“Oh MY!”My wife stated.“Touch my chest.”I already was, but her command was to make sure I knew NOT to stop.  And to be FIRMER.In the throes of intense lovemaking, my wife really enjoys vigorous nipple and breast play.I took turns with each erect tip and pinched them firmly between my finger and thumb!My wife clutched the sheets and bucked upward and forward against me, riding me expertly from below.The more I tweaked her nipples, the more she moved!Finally, we BOTH knew our orgasms were coming.Our noises and voices blended in some otherworldly language.  We pressed into each other with a fever only comprehended and experienced by two people deeply in love!We melted down like ice on a hot summer sidewalk!Our mutual crescendo of satisfied music rose to symphonic quality of both notes and volume.Then we tensed up and shuddered.Our orgasms wracked our bodies and minds as we crashed into the ocean of marital bliss!After I finished my ravenous, loving pounding of my beautiful wife, I groaned loudly and rolled onto my back.I was spent and so was Janet.  There was nothing left to do but slowly recover.“Well…” Janet smiled.  “I hope that was worth the wait!”She knew the answer.The little tease…“Yeah…”I sighed.“It was wonderful… I couldn’t wait for tonight!”“MmmHmm…” my wife murmured.“I noticed!”“Two weeks is waaaay too long to be away from all this.”I said. I caressed the side of her breast with the back of my hand, then traced down her torso.  “Or this…”Janet smiled.“Or this…” My fingers traced low, low on her tummy, just above her triangle of pubic hair.“But mostly…”I said, leaning over for some face to face time.I looked in her eyes.  “THIS…”I brushed her hair back from her forehead.“Yeah…” My wife said.“I was hungry for you too.”“I know…” I said.We paused, and I saw her little smile go from a romantic look to a teasing one.“You’re lucky I let you make out in the laundry area!” she grinned.  “I should have made you wait till we went to the bedroom!”I grinned back.“You’re lucky I let you make it to the bedroom at all!”Janet knew THAT statement was true!  She laughed, “I guess I was gone tooo long!”“Two weeks is a bit long!” I said.“But I’m not selfish!I know your mom needs you sometimes.”In all honesty, my husbandly brain was thinking of suggesting a new fun little… custom.“Yeah…” Janet murmured.“Thanks for being so understanding!”“Sure!”I answered.“But this delay made me think of something fun we could try…”“What?” Janet smirked as the first shoe dropped, so to speak. She knew this was headed somewhere out of the ordinary!“Well,” I smiled, “since I’m such a nice husband, patient and all, I think the new custom should be, when you come home from a long trip and we have the house to ourselves…”“Yeah, yeah… Go on…” My beautiful bride said, wanting me to get to the point.I continued, “You should just get to doing all your laundry… sorting, putting it in the washer or dryer… Mmmm… TOTALLY naked!”“My WORD!”Janet grinned.“That will take all day!”“Well,”I replied,“I’d help!”“I bet you would!”My wife laughed.But she didn’t say no…“You didn’t say ‘No,'” I teased.“Well…” she smiled.“It’s not a BAD idea!”Wow,I thought to myself.“Oh!”I acted surprised.“I forgot to mention something!”“What?”Janet asked.“Your mom left a message and says she needs you back next week!”That comment earned me a pillow whacked into my chest!But it was worth it!