This post contains strong language (L) and fantasies (F) and includes anal sex (A). Expanded descriptions for these notes available in the Guidelines.Hi, brothers and sisters in Christ. We introduce ourselves as Mr. and Mrs. K. We’ve been married for over 10 years and have been browsing MH for the past few months. Now we think it’s time to share some tips and practices.Quick Tips on How To Last Longer By “Mr. K”First of all, remove all tension, and don’t ever watch porn! Take full breaths before penetration; shallow breathing leads to premature ejaculation. Breathing deeply will relieve all tension and spread pleasure throughout your body rather than keep it localised in your cock.Google “vagina anatomy images.” Learn how to shave your wife’s pussy yourself. Eat and french kiss it while you do so. When your tongue and lips get tired, finger her (tell her to guide you) and practice deep breathing while you do that.Be addicted to your wife’s scent. Reads Song of Songs. Discover your “soft fetishes” and turn-ons—you’ll need them during shallow thrusting (described below). I like the smell of my wife’s pussy and ass. The stronger the smell the better, especially after a long day at work or after a workout! Sniff the pheromones, sweat, ass crack, and everything. You don’t like the smell? Well, be a man and lick it clean! You should be hard as steel when you’re done.Do discover your turn-ons. It could be feet, breasts, bushy or shaved vagina, etc. Your fetishes should come naturally just by looking at your wife. Some will develop later in your marriage, but don’t be afraid to tell her what you want or love. I can have my nose deep inside her ass cheeks anytime I want. Say she’s washing the dishes; my nose is deep in that bubble butt. Did she say “no” or “not now”? Nope. She’s humping my nose with both her holes.Practice shallow thrusts. It’s a technique that I learned from a book a long time ago. How to do that? Let me explain:It’s the art of fucking like a husband in controlStart by inserting only the head of your penis (maybe a little more, but no less).Close your eyes and take a full breath.Which sex position to perform? Missionary is crucial because your turn-ons (your wife) will help you be in control. In Missionary, you can tell her to play with her breasts, hold up her feet with her toes in your mouth, sniff her panties… It’s up to you, but you should relax and keep taking full breaths. Your turn-ons will help you keep your erection if you’re tense down there. Don’t even think about ejaculation.During missionary, you can put a pillow under her butt and under yours, too, if you lack the mobility to sit on your heels.Start with nine slow shallow thrusts, but not super slow. Shallow means that you are only inserting your penis head and maybe a little more, then you slowly remove it until the head of your penis is at the front of her inner labia (remember the anatomy). Do this at a nice smooth rhythm nine times. There should be no stopping, just a slow, machine-like motion. Once you complete the ninth rep, on the 10th, you go deep! You plunge that bad boy in there like you are trying to bust through the other side! However, on this deep thrust, do NOT change your rhythm! It’s very tempting to want to “go animalistic” on the deep thrusts, but resist that urge. My wife likes a continuous rhythm, especially in the early parts of arousal and stimulation. It’s okay to break the rhythm every now and then, but with this technique, you are breaking the rhythm with the depths of your insertion.At this point, her eyes will widen. She may grab you, moan, or both. After that deep thrust, you go back to the shallow thrusts. This time you do it eight times, and the ninthandtenth thrusts are deep thrusts. Then you do seven shallow, three deep, followed by six shallow, four deep, and so on. By the time you get to the tenth rotation, she should be driven wild with desire and passion.Feel confident? After the ten deep thrusts, you can drill her cunt the way you/she wants.Keep practicing. Try it in other positions.  If you want, you can start the process all over again. Have fun with it! Sometimes, I will break it up into three stages, a shallow, a mid, and a deep thrust with a certain rotation. This is playtime, so don’t get caught up on textbook definitions and techniques!Wives can also use the technique while on top. If you find you take a long time to cum while she’s on top, it’s because you’re not using your core or your pelvic muscle to thrust, only your hips. Try using your hips in positions where you are in control. I never cum while she’s on top, even if I’m thrusting hard, and that includes during anal sex. It works wonders for me. I just relax and let her do her thing.Let us know how it works for you or any new things you experience because of it.Anal Tips by “Mrs. K”Lube up, of course. We prefer olive and coconut oil (or mix both with drops of tea tree oil.) Warm and cold lube is also great when you’re not at home.I don’t perform enemas—never had to. Condom is never used.Always push out (like you’re going to the bathroom) when he’s about to penetrate.Freeze coconut oil in a silicone bullet-shaped ice tray. Just push it in gently.Try shallow thrusts with your thumb or his first. Learn to push. Do it as long as you need until the anal muscle becomes loose. Then tell hubby to do it again with only the tip of his penis.Once the anal muscle becomes loose, pain is non-existent. You’ll be more in control.Our first position for anal sex was with me lying on my stomach. Believe it or not, the first time we tried, he got three fingers inside of me. (We used baby oil back then.) Not an ounce of pain was felt. Moan and breathe like you want it in there. Total game changer.Yes, minor accidents may happen. But who cares? You can shower after. Once you start enjoying it,  accident or not, you’ll never want him to pull out.During climax, your anal muscle will tense. The climax before you collapse is often called an explosive orgasm. When that happens, your anal muscles will become numb. You won’t feel a thing. You can tell him to wipe off the excess lubricant from his cock and feel more friction.If you’ll be using a toy or fingers to loosen up first, make him watch. Moan and close your eyes. Tell him to lie back, massage his cock with oil/lube, and just flex his pelvic muscle (not masturbate) with his hands behind him. If you’re into it, talk dirty to him. It’s super fun; you’ll get to see his animalistic side.Once you’ve climaxed during anal, there’s no going back to just vaginal sex. With time, you’ll be able to handle his cock without loosening up first.Until then, you can loosen up before he comes home or while he’s driving. Be creative.When you’re not at home, do keep some DIY disinfectant hand towels handy. We made our own with gin/vodka, castile soap, lemongrass, tea tree, and eucalyptus essential oils. We believe they provide enough cleanliness to switch from anal to vaginal sex.In the early years of our marriage, we used to have rough anal sex every Saturday at around 4 a.m. in a bush near a beach where we still go for walks. It’s our little secret spot. Go find yours.Tease each other!Once, I pinched his cock just because a waitress was smiling at him. That night in the car, I fucked him raw with my ass in the parking lot. It’s my throne. His body is mine. Jealousy should be fun. Not “jealousy” jealousy, but it’s a turn-on.Keep holding hands no matter your age. Fool around in fitting rooms that have a door.Each time he shaves after a long time, it’s face sitting time. Or I just ride him raw, vagina to anal, before he’s about to leave for work. Don’t have time for a wipe? Leave your scent on his cock.Personally, I’m not comfortable having sex during my period, so whole-body massage it is.  Nothing should stop you. Life goes by pretty fast.Don’t neglect intimacy during long-distance travel or if he’ll be coming home late. Create some fake cum with cornstarch and water and put it on body parts that he loves, then send him selfies or short videos. Put it around your holes. Stick your tongue out and coat it. Some of the best positions for this are spread eagle, knees to chest, and of course, on your knees. This will keep him busy and hard till he gets a hold of you. What to say in the videos is up to you. Mr. K will wreck my holes no matter how dirty I make it. It’s good to have aggressive and intense sex once in a while.Your hand should always be on her thigh in public. Be possessive.You want her on your lap? Grab her waist and make her.Watching TV or a football game? Massage her shoulders, kiss her neck.Again, don’t ever watch porn! Pray for a fruitful sex life. Ask and thou shall receive.Lick her where she touches herself.  Because those are the good spots.If she does touch herself inside, notice how deep her fingers go? Copy her when it’s your turn.Hold her close to your heart and fuck her until she can’t form words.Treat her like your personal slutty goddess in bed. She’s yours. Anywhere else, she’s your baby girl.Did you hump her today? Do it at least once a day.Gag yourself on his cock. Do it yourself at your own pace and depth. Don’t even read about deep-throating; invent your own technique. You’ll enjoy it more. I like it when his cock has a very strong smell!! If not, what’s the point? I want his cock, not a flavorless thumb.Don’t let intensity lessens as you move forward in your marriage.Scheduling sex may sound like the most unsexy thing in the world, but think about how often really important things get forgotten when they aren’t on the calendar!The list goes on. Let’s keep it coming in the comments.Kink/FantasiesI’m a homemaker, and my hubby usually works from home. We text all the time, even when he’s home, which is super fun to ignite a roleplaying scene or fantasy. Here’s a list of what we’ve done:Hufflepuff student punished for being in the Gryffindor common room (our private library.)I texted him, “On the train coming home. Big bulge in front of me. Guess it’s my cleavage. Would you mind if I taste it?” If you try this, be ready for the consequences. He denied her an orgasm: tied me and teased me but don’tlet mecum! That’s the best punishment.He smelled my panties in front of me, then made me kneel in front of him on a puffy cushion. With his hard cock relaxing on my lips and my fingers over my clit, he fucked my mouth slowly and narrated a story about how he would fuck “the panties’ owner.”Spanking time. “Admit it; you went shopping without underwear today, didn’t you!!” “Uhhh! yes! I was naughty, honey. I’m sorry. I need you to punish me!”I think you get an idea of what our kinks run to. Do share yours.One last thing: if you guys need any tips or advice about anything, do comment. We’ll reply as soon as we can. God bless you all.