It has been a very busy vacation here in the South.We are kinda crazy to keep traveling given our scary health issues, but here we are on a 10-day trip to the Deep South – & we are loving every minute of it!We’ve been to 3 different states. We went to a huge aquarium. We visited four museums and the ocean. We also went to a NASA site. We stayed at two hotels & a relative’s home However we’ve not had full sex since the first hotel – although that sex session had been amazing.It was a long drive today back to the city we had flown into. When we arrived at our last hotel I took a shower then we both took a nap from 6:15 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. Then we both woke up & watched NASA TV as we cuddled on the bed. Yes, we are both science geeks and those common interests are part of what made this vacation & what makes our life together enjoyable. But we were about to enjoy another very sexy part of our marriageI was in my briefs so as I tickled wifey’s buns through her jeans I slipped my dick out & I was pumping myself to help get ready. We had awakened from our nap and were still watching the show about the International Space Station.When I finally got up n dropped my shorts (that’s all I had been wearing during my nap) Melody’s eyes got a little wide- but she just stared briefly at my already growing cock & said nothing, but I knew she was looking forward to having my big erection inside her pussy. We both undressed quickly. I could tell that Melody was as anxious as I was because when I came back from fetching the bottle of lube she was lying there beautifully naked with her hand propping up her chin – and she was clearly again checking out my rising erection as I walked back from the living room part of our suite. Then, of course, we made love. You can call it banging or fucking or whatever but it all is making love! So, we made love as follows.I applied some unflavored Aloecadabra lube I had brought and spent some time tickling Melody’s pussy & clit with my fingers. We didn’t bring any other kind of lube this time but this worked fine. We usually mix it with coconut oil. But Melody was definitely producing some of her own bio-pussy-lube!Melody used her iVibe to buzz her pussy as we both began to enjoy my oral ministrations of her boobies. They were full and beautiful! Her nipples were already hard because of me turning the AC on a little too cool… accidentally on purpose.My lips worked on her nips, and then her lips worked on mine.She had a sore in her mouth so we had skipped oral kissing. That is a rarity for us but we were still enjoying the erotic fun! I suggested we move to the living room of our suite. Melody kneeled on the ottoman of the sectional couch. I love that view of her swollen aroused labia from that angle. I stood behind her and slid my cock between those sexy labia and into her wet pussy. We had not done doggy-style in a few months. I could hear my balls slapping her cute bum and I could feel her pussy squeezing my cock.Eventually, we returned to the bed. Right after returning to bed, we did “tip on nip” – where I pumped my rod and rubbed my tip on her nipples. She buzzed her clit with a vibe. As soon as I kneeled up next to her and started doing “tip on nip” I instantly saw the signs of her impending climax: There were loud sighs – her body tensing – & I swear she looked like a sexy beautiful young bride!I asked her, “Are you about to cum?”“Y-y-yes!” she stuttered. Right before a big orgasm or during an orgasm is the ONLY time she stutters So I quickly resumed doing tip-on-nip. Of course, the sexy sight of my big cock rubbing her tittie had me harder than ever!Melody started to cum fast n hard w/ arched back in even louder sighs and gasps!I guess the boob play & bit of fucking in doggy style on the sofa had really got her going – not to mention the sight n feel of me kneeling next to her pumping my cock and rubbing her hard nipple with my hard tip! (Of course, I was enjoying all this too!) She usually comes after I’ve filled up her pussy with my love cream but her pussy and entire body couldn’t wait. It HAD been several days since her orgasms at the first hotel.“I’m C-C-COMING!” she cried out in ecstasy.She looked absolutely beautiful & stunningly sexy as her body shook and her back arched so high off the bed she looked like she was floating awash in pleasure. After like 30 seconds she came partially down from her peak.We quickly went into X position. So, we got ready to have sexual intercourse in this unique position – which is her on her back & me on my side – at right angles to each other with my excited cock lined up with her now very wet pussy.Her pussy was still pulsating & contracting when my cock slid back inside her. I LOVE that feeling of penetrating her pussy right after she’s come. My dick triggers a kind of second orgasm in her pussy. It is almost like her throbbing pussy reached out to pull me into her loving embrace. The physical and emotional sensations are incredible for both of us!!“I love you Melody and I LOVE fucking your beautiful pussy!” I exclaimed. I was busily enjoying every intense sexual feeling and sensations that her pussy was giving me!“I love you and I love having Fred in my pussy!” she replied while thrusting her pussy back towards my thrusting erection. (By the way, she named my penis “Fred” when she first saw me naked on our wedding night.)It was evening and I knew I was probably over-stressing my lousy heart as I vigorously and enthusiastically fucked her cunt as her cunt caressed my cock. (She’s a Kegal Muscle master!) I knew that I better finish soon before my heart failure finished me. When my orgasm came I was absolutely amazed at the multi-peak electrical storm that my body experienced. I was thrashing around even as I kept fucking my Melody throughout the long incredible orgasm!That kind of long orgasm with multiple peaks or jolts of pleasure is kind of rare for me. It was so intense and enjoyable that for a moment it was almost like I was briefly outside my body watching myself climax.I quickly told myself in my mind to just enjoy the experience- so I did as electrical jolt after intensely pleasurable jolt rocked my body’s nerve cells with erotic pleasure! For me, it had been two days since an orgasm and so even though it was evening I had stayed hard the entire time. And I must have erupted a huge load of my creamy love into her happy pussy!Please understand that sex in the evening is usually difficult to impossible with my bad heart. We almost always make love first thing in the morning. At that time of day, my heart is rested & can handle the excursions of sex. This is why our intercourse or pure fucking was somewhat brief by design. But neither of us was complaining.We cuddled afterward and I told Melody that watching her cum was the most beautiful sight in the world to me. I already knew but I asked about her orgasm.“It was a really good one,” she said with a sexy sigh.“I know, I said. “You only stutter when you are really wired and about to come or when you tell me you are coming!”I also told her about my orgasmic electrical storm. We adore each other so much that we love to give each other our mutual sexual love and pleasure.Well, we cleaned up, dressed, & went out for a late dinner- the last of this vacation. We had bourbon salmon and it was delicious. But it was definitely not as delicious as the lovemaking that preceded it.After we returned to our hotel room and retired for bed we said a couple’s prayer thanking the Lord for a great vacation, for our safety, for seeing many relatives, for all the kind people here in The South, & for the amazing sex we had enjoyed on our trip.