I am awakened by my erection, having been dreaming about you. It surprises me sometimes how hard I can get in this half-awake state, almost, but not quite, to the point of pain. How to describe the feeling? Longing? No, that is the word of those who reach for something unavailable or far away. Desire? It is that, but even that word seems faint for what I am feeling. I have awakenedcravingyou.My cock is a compass, and as I roll over it points towards the true north that is your body. I will not sleep much tonight, butI will not wake you. I know you work so hard, and this night you can sleep in. So for the rest of the night, I toggle between sleep and aroused half-sleep. I am erect, then fading, then awakened again, fully erect.My mind goes to the times when you have delighted in my erections.The hot tub at the hotel last year, with family in the next room, when you just could not get enough of tasting me.Our anniversary sex when you dripped honey over it, licking and sucking while looking into my eyes.So many nights as I run by fingers gently over your body, and you reach and grasp my cock, drawing it close to you.The parking lot where you went down on me, to my great surprise and delight. We were young then, and so the college students who arrived on the scene made you embarrassed and self-conscious.The warm ocean when you took me inside you, warmth upon waves of warmth.The balcony of the hotel in the pouring rain.The woods in South Carolina.The highway in Indiana when I was driving, when you unzipped me and drew out my cock to suck. The exit when I started fingering you, dripping wet. The hurried search for a place to stop. The eventual wooded area next to a farm where we finished each other off, red faced and breathing heavily.The moving van while driving it back home.The dozens and dozens of bed and breakfasts, inns, hotels, guest houses. I remember each one.I don’t know when was the first time we tried 69, but I have a vague memory that it was exciting and new and risky. Would you be scandalized? By then you knew how much I delighted in pleasuring you orally, and you were always willing to let me go down on you. But what would happen when I did so by kneeling straddling your face, approaching your pussy upside down? The delight I felt when you grasped my cock with two hands and eagerly began to suck was unnameable. It still is.This writing was interrupted when you awoke, willing.The feeling of you wanting me is as always, thrilling.