This story contains what some may regard as vulgar language. My wife and I share a deep love and respect for each other. The language is only used during lovemaking as it adds to our mutual stimulation.This is my first story. I am by no means a writer, but I hope you find it entertaining.I am Rory, my wife is Dena, and we are in our early 60s, having been married 35 years. We have always had our faith, but this past year we dedicated more time to strengthening our connection to God.Although we both put on a few pounds as we’ve aged, I still find my wife as attractive as the day we met and as arousing as she was the first time we were intimate.Many people think sexual intimacy decreases with age. We are one of those couples who can dispel that myth. It takes a little more effort to get Dena wet and me hard, but we make the journey just as enjoyable as the destination.My wife is no longer able to work due to medical issues, but we still have sex as often as we can. If our years together have taught us anything, it is how to keep the spark alive.One way we learned to do this is having a make out session every night. Before we retire, we spend at least 30 minutes engaged in deep passionate kissing. At times we will have impromptu make out sessions during the day.This passionate kissing causes the natural release of dopamine, serotonin and oxytocin in our systems. These chemicals stimulate feelings of affection and attachment. But enough bio-chemistry lessons.After one particular grueling work week of long, daily hours, my wife, ever concerned about my stress levels, decided I needed a break.Normally I wake before my wife. I was surprised to get up early on Saturday and find her not in bed. However, there was the pleasant aroma of bacon and biscuits in the air.I got up and took a quick shower. After pulling on a pair of cotton shorts, I made my way to the kitchen where I was greeted with a startling sight: Dena, completely naked, was nonchalantly stirring scrambled eggs over the stove.“Good morning,” she said pleasantly, without looking up.“A very good morning,” I replied, smiling as I came up behind her. Wrapping my hands around her, I held her boobs and kissed her neck. I inhaled the sweet scent of bath soap and the shampoo in her auburn pixie-cut hair while massaging her globes. My cock stirred as it rubbed against the cleft of her ass cheeks.Dena bumped me back playfully with her round butt. “Hey, you’re going to make me overcook the eggs.”She turned off the stove, turned around, gave me a deep kiss as she pushed my shorts down, and caressed my semi-rigid cock.“You, sir, are overdressed.” she said playfully.I discarded the shorts, and we both sat down naked to the delicious breakfast Dena prepared.After we cleaned up, Dena took my hand and led me back to our bedroom, exaggerating her hip movements. I have always been a butt man. Even after all these years, the view of my wife’s derriere still stirs my loins, and she knows it.She climbed onto our king-sized bed and lay back against the pillows with her legs slightly parted. As she pinched one of her nipples, she ran her fingers over her pussy which was surrounded by her neatly trimmed pubic hair.“I see you’re ready to play?” she said staring at my twitching semi-erect cock.“Absolutely,” I replied, smiling.Moving quickly to our walk-in closet, I retrieved our wedge pillow. I also took out what we call our “pleasure chest,” a walnut wood box I made that contains our toys, lotions, and lubes.I lay down next to my wife, and we kissed deeply, our tongues exploring. She stroked my hard cock as I gently massaged her pussy.We were at this for a few minutes when Dena suddenly rose up, pushing me onto my back. She licked and sucked my nipple for a minute and then went straight for my cock.While I have an average length cock, it is a bit thicker than average. (We measured.) This does not stop Dena from trying to get as much of it in her mouth as she can. By her own admission, she loves sucking my cock.Holding the shaft, she licked the head running her tongue along the frenulum, which I absolutely love.  It was not long before I was fully erect. Dena sucked me into her mouth and caressed me with her tongue as she stroked my shaft.“Oh, yeah, baby. Suck that cock,” I whispered.Dena stroked my shaft as she continued licking and sucking. She would prolong the sweet torture by switching between licking my testicles and shaft. She would take as much of my erection into her mouth as she could, her tongue swirling around the head until she had to come up for air.Eventually I felt the faint stirrings of an impending orgasm, which made me moan.“I’m close, honey,” I said.This was something Dena could already tell by my moans, breathing, and muscles tensing. Her grip on my shaft tightened slightly, offering more friction and increasing the sensual bliss I found myself in. She increased the speed of her stroking. Her head bobbed up and down, and she occasionally made slurping noises as she sucked. She expertly worked her tongue on me, knowing how to take me over the edge.My manhood hardened even more and, with a loud groan, I felt the surge of semen erupt into her mouth.Holding just the head of my cock in her mouth, Dena sealed her lips around the shaft, swallowing each spurt. Her hand continued stroking me as if she was trying to get every drop out.As my orgasmic convulsions subsided, Dena gently licked the last of my nectar off me and then kissed her way up my body, pausing to lick my nipple again. Wrapping my arms around her, I could feel her breasts pressing against my chest as we kissed deeply.“That was incredible. You always know how get my motor running,” I said, looking into her hazel eyes.“My pleasure, pleasuring you,” she replied with a smile.“Yeah, well, now it’s my turn,” I said with a grin.I rolled Dena onto her back and began licking and kissing down her body. Nibbling on her neck, I made my way down to her boob, swirling my tongue on her erect nipple, then eliciting a gasp as I sucked it. Dena loves having her nipples played with, squeezed, licked, and sucked, especially when she orgasms.I alternated between nipples, licking and sucking, as Dena pressed my head into her boobs.“Oh,  baby, you’re driving me crazy,” she moaned.“Just getting started,” I replied.Giving her nipple one last, hard suck, I continued my exploration down her body. I worked my way down her sides and then lifted her leg so I could get between them, where I continued kissing her inner thighs. Holding her butt cheeks, I lifted her slightly and ran my tongue over her vaginal lips, parting them as I worked my way to her love tunnel. I swirled my tongue around, which elicited a moan from my wife. She began moving her hips, trying to get me to lick her clit, but I was not ready for that… yet.When I got up and reached for our wedge pillow, Dena smiled, knowing what it meant. She immediately pulled her legs back, raising her butt as I slipped the pillow under her. The dense foam elevates her hips, which (among other things) makes eating her pussy easier for me and more enjoyable for her.In case you have not guessed, I love going down on my wife as much as she likes going down on me.Once she settled her butt comfortably on the pillow with her legs on my shoulders, I resumed my oral exploration of her womanly treasures, which was driving Dena crazy. She squeezed her boobs, rolling her nipples between her fingers as I savored her delicious wetness.“Pleeaase suck my clit,” she begged, gyrating her hips.I continued teasing her until I figured she could not take it anymore. Suddenly, I licked up her slit and sucked firmly on her protruding clit.Dena’s gasp and the clamping of her hands and legs on my head was my reward. I held her love button in my mouth and slowly stroked my tongue on it.“Ohhh, yesss!!!” Dena hissed.She relaxed her legs but continued to hold my head as she ground her pussy wantonly on my mouth. I licked my middle finger and eased it into her warm tunnel. Rubbing her G-spot, I continued licking and sucking her clit, making her moan louder. I continued my feasting until she pushed my head up.“Stop,” she said, panting. “I need you inside me. I want to feel you cum in my pussy.”We kissed deeply before I retrieved the lube from the pleasure chest. I applied some to my erect cock and Dena’s pussy. Then, she pulled her knees back as I pressed into her quivering vagina. Dena sighed contentedly as I slowly pushed until I was completely inside her. This is the other reason we like to use the wedge pillow. Her elevated hips allow me to go deeper into her.I held her ankles and began slowly thrusting deeply, savoring her warm tightness with every stroke.“Oh, yes,” Dena cooed, as she rolled her nipples with her fingers. “I love that cock in my pussy.”“What a coincidence! I love this cock in that pussy as well,” I whispered back with a smile.I increased my tempo, which Dena thrust up to meet. Releasing her ankles, I braced myself on either side of her. She reached around my neck to pull me down, and we kissed deeply, tongues dueling as my manhood pistoned in and out of her.Dena wrapped her legs around me, crossed her ankles, and using the extra leverage, she rotated her pussy for maximum stimulation. Soon her breathing got really heavy.“I’m gonna cum,” she said between breaths. “Pump that cock into me… Make me cum.”I continued thrusting as her legs suddenly clamped tight around me.  Knowing what she liked, I grabbed one of her boobs and firmly squeezed her nipple. Her body began to shake with the onset of her orgasm.She held my neck tight, her whole body quivering, and exclaimed, “Cumming… cumming!!!”I pushed in deep and held still as she rode her waves of ecstasy.As her orgasm ebbed and she relaxed her muscles, we kissed, and I began to pull out. She immediately flexed her legs, keeping me inside her.“I told you, I want to feel you cum in my pussy.” She said coyly.Knowing how sensitive she can be after an orgasm, I asked, “Are you sure?”She responded by releasing her legs from around me and pulling her knees back as far as she could.“Now… give me all you got!” she demanded with a smile.“Yes, ma’am,” I replied with a smile of my own.I resumed thrusting deeply into her, and it was not long before I felt stirrings of my cum bubbling up within me.“Oh, how I love your pussy,” I groaned.“Let me feel how much,” she replied as she massaged her boobs and pinched her nipples.At the same time, I felt her squeezing me with her vaginal muscles and soon erupted into her. With a loud groan, I buried my rod deep inside her luscious pussy and continued to spasm until I was spent.I rolled off of Dena, helped pull the wedge pillow from under her butt, and cradled her in my arms as we kissed.“Well, that was fun,” she said with a smile.“It certainly was,” I replied.My wife certainly has the remedy for relieving stress, and the day was just beginning.