(L) – This story contains strong language.Another day, and another one of those memories that makes me rock hard.I arrived home to see my sweet Ruby relaxing semi-nude on the couch, with her hands folded above her head on the pillow. I say semi-nude, because she was clad in only a white lace panty, and was otherwise completely naked. This kind of attire is not the usual for her!Her huge, bare breasts protruded out gorgeously from her body. And for some reason, her nipples were quite erect. Had she been playing without me?I wouldn’t put it past her. Ruby is a real sex lover, and she’ll play any time, with or without me! Whenever I see her, I ne3ver know if she’ll turn an everyday encounter into a sexy one!“Hey,” I greeted her. “What’s up, are you in heat? You look gorgeous! It’s a good thing I’m here, because if another man saw your condition, I doubt he’d be able to resist you!”She laughed. “I’m yours, and you can have me anytime!  But you’d better make the smart decision quickly and get over here, otherwise I might need to go find that ‘other man’ to satisfy me!”We always tease each other and fantasize about our incredible sex life. We love to try new things, and we’ll do almost anything! We had agreed and involved all three of her openings in our sex life, with some limitations on anal because of how fast it makes me cum, and because of her lingering concerns about cleanliness and infection.But enough of an introduction!She was clearly hungry, so I wouldn’t make her wait. I stripped off my clothes, and to give her a taste, I inserted my erection into her mouth. She accepted it with ease and started a slow-motion suck before she seemed to gulp my whole shaft down her throat! She struggled for a moment, but her efforts provided incredible sensations! She pulled back with a choking sound, but gasped out, “It’s so hard not to gag, but wow, you drive me wild! Do it again!” The gagging didn’t seem enjoyable to me, but if she wanted this, I sure wasn’t going to deny her!She took my cock into her mouth again, pulling in my full length. The sight and feelings were amazing! She struggled and pulled back sputtering again.“That was beautiful!” she said. “We have to go so slow… but we should train this deep-throat technique so that I can have the maximum pleasure of your cock!” Then she grabbed me, tried to pull me down to her, and demanded, “Now fuck me!”I was surprised by her language, because she rarely speaks that way. Usually it’s an indicator that she’s extremely aroused!Of course, I eagerly did as she said. I ripped off her lace panty and buried my mouth in her vulva. I ate and sucked her, not leaving her clit for a second. Then without warning, I switched positions and thrust my penis into her swollen opening, and with utter urgency, rode her hard and fast. She responded by lifting her legs upward, and I pushed them up farther so she was bent in half, her knees squishing her breasts.Suddenly she screamed, “I’m CUMMING!!!” She let go completely and embraced her climaxAt the same time, my cock burst. I let out my first spurt in her pussy, then pulled out spurted on her breasts. I kept crawling up and released the rest of my cum in her mouth.We collapsed and lay still together, covered in both my cum and hers. This is what we call “dirty sex,” where we make a mess of cum on ourselves.After a while, we released our embrace, and had the naughty idea to get dressed without cleaning up. We took it a step further and went out to dinner that night, never cleaning ourselves up, still sticky in places, and knowing we had enjoyed some very fulfilling sex together.