My wife travelled overseas to visit her family when her dad was in poor health. We both thought that this might be the last time she would be able to see him, since he was 94 and had been ailing for the past couple of years. She went to stay with her sister, so we weren’t concerned about her being gone for a while.However, we didn’t expect our separation to be one full month. Beside the emotional weight of this, there was also the growing sexual tension of our long separation. We texted each other every evening, and eventually my texts began to share how I longed for us to be back in the same bed together. I missed her, and also missed her naked and beautiful body next to mine.About two weeks into her being away, I could feel the pressure in my cock. I seemed to also have a bulge and felt the growing tension.One night as we texted, I was laying in bed and my cock again began to long for attention. My bulge filled my boxer shorts as I texted my loving wife. I told her how horny I was becoming and she said she was sorry that we weren’t together.I began gently stroking my cock up and down with one hand as I texted with the other. I could feel the pressure build, and my shorts filled with pre-cum as we talked about how we longed for each other. I continued to gently rub my cock and soon seeped cum all over my shorts. The pressure was released, but I was not satisfied. I missed my wife, and honestly, I missed her sweet smelling pussy! I often suck and kiss her clit for her to orgasm, and I could imagine the smell of her arousal. I went to sleep that night dreaming of my lover.She remained with her family overseas for another two weeks, and by the end of the month I was feeling really horny and hungry. I couldn’t wait for her to be home in our bed, all naked and ready for love.Three weeks into our separation, I was cleaning our bedroom and rearranged all of the furniture. We have wood floors, so I was vacuuming with a hose extension. I was wearing PJs and no underwear, so every so often I would accidentally brush up against something with my cock in my PJs and be reminded once again of how sexually hungry I was. I kept cleaning, but eventually my thoughts and my arousal became unbearable.I opened her lingerie drawer and took out a pair of her sexy panties—one of my favorites. I took in the very faint scent that remained on them: the sweet musk of her pussy. I fondled her panties and put them over my nose and enjoyed her scent. I then took out my phone and found her boudoir photo shoot that she gave me for Valentine’s Day.Her pictures were so exciting and sexy, but my favorites were the ones she took after becoming more comfortable with the female photographer during the shoot. In one particular photo, she was bent over with her ass in the air and looking back. I could see her tight panties, and the slit of her pussy through them. Wow! I was beyond hot and bothered.So in a flash of inspiration, I took the vacuum hose and placed it on my dick and rubbed up and down. The suction and vibration was awesome, and I could feel my whole body tense up! I had her panties on my nose, her photos before my longing eyes, and the hose on my dick—and it was amazing.In the tension of this sexy moment, I let out a loud “Aarrgghh” as I had an explosive orgasm in the vacuum hose. I had never done that before, so it was a surprise as all the sights, smells, and sucking vibration came together in one incredible moment of release.Yes, indeed…one month is a long time.