By now, most MarriageHeat readers know of my incredible Patty’s liberal sexual views and expressions. However, you must also know that she is a devoted and fiercely loyal wife who loves me to the point she can be almost obsessive about wanting to serve me sexually—totally submissive, that is.I believe these bouts of her wanting me to dominate her sexually are rooted in her desire to give of herself completely. Her sexual aggressions are generated out of love and a strong urge to give of herself passionately and thoroughly.Fortunately for me, her physical body competes with her heart and soul for the greatest of her assets. A casual glance by a stranger would reveal an incredible God-given body and an almost angelic face that belies a very feisty and, well, horny state of body and mind.Even when we were dating back in college, Patty made no secrets about her love and her passionate urges for sex with me. We were a very free-spirited couple, meaning we displayed open affection for each other around friends and strangers alike. We couldn’t get enough of each other, and we didn’t care who knew it.Don’t get me wrong; our outward, public displays were discreet, copping a feel or perhaps a long grind in the pelvic area during an embrace being the most obvious. And sure, many around us were known to cry out, “get a room, you two.” So, you get it—we were, I guess, a hot couple.So, flash forward two decades; amazingly, we have managed to hang on to that lust for each other. I credit Patty for providing the most passion and ongoing spark to our sex drive. You have read here about some of her thoughts, desires, and sexy actions, but allow me to add another recent example of her devotion to me and her insatiable desire.“Morning, sweetie,” Patty whispered as I was awakening this past Sunday morning. “I have been thinking about you for the past hour, just rolling around in bed, waiting for you to open your eyes. If you’re wondering whether I had one hand working my pussy while I was on my tummy…” She waved and wafted before me the sweet smell of her pussy juices that remained on her fingers after her solo workout.“I believe I have a special treat for you this morning, something we rarely do. I want to grant you a special sexual gift that requires nothing of you,” she stated. “I am going to grant your wish, and you are not required or expected to act out when I’m finished. This is something I wish to give to you unselfishly. Got it?”“Uh, yeah,” I responded. “What did I do so right as to deserve this?” I added while feeling a fast-rising action in my briefs.“You made me love you is what you did. So now, tell me your desire, my love,” she said.Knowing full well how she gets when she is really horny, especially after an intense bout of finger-fucking herself, I obliged her with my answer. I stood up, dropped my pre-cum soaked underpants to the floor, and asked her to “assume the position.”She did so immediately, dropping to her knees before me with her mouth open and her tits cupped and cradled, ready for step one: a serious round of tit fucking!As I guided my now erect cock into the vastness of her combined melons’ cleavage, she spit several times into the warm embrace of her magnificent tits and onto my disappearing and reappearing cock to lubricate and improve the glide.“That’s right, you stud, fuck my big tits as hard as you can. This makes my nipples heat up, so I can only take a few more seconds. I don’t want to cum now,” she cried.So, breathing heavily—both of us, that is—she slowly released the hold her tits had on my throbbing cock and stared into my eyes as she shifted to a more comfortable sitting position in front of me and began her cocksucking show. Her now dripping cunt was on full, spread display as she slowly began circling my precum-soaked cockhead with her tongue, her eyes never leaving mine.“Oh, fuck,” I cried while under her lustful spell. I begged, “Please take me in all the way,” my cock threatening to explode.“Okay, baby, you’ll get your wish. I’ll finish you the way you and I love it the most.” Patty opened wide and swallowed my dick with a vengeance. I lost line-of-sight connection as she deepthroated me, her forehead now plastered against my pelvis area. I pretty much knew what was cumming next…She reached up to cup my weighted balls with one hand and slipped a saliva-soaked finger into my asshole with the other. “I’m ready to cum now, my little cum slut. Keep sucking me hard and deep.”With experienced perfect timing, Patty arose from the base of my firm shaft, took it in hand, and began stroking, again holding my stare. “You know what I want, you fucking stud, so give it to me! Can’t you see how much I need your seed?” She moaned as I began to feel the rumbling of a mighty orgasm.“Oh, God—take it, baby,” I shouted as I began my release. “Oh, fuuuuuccccck!” I cried as Patty steered the stream of cum to her face and each of her aroused tits. My legs shook as she licked and sucked the remaining cum out of my dick. I was in heaven.” Well honey, guess I lied. I need to do something for me now while I clean up the mess I made.” Patty used her tongue to lap up the cum from her fingers after wiping it off her face and mouth. “Now, I’ll do myself with the cum I left purposely on my tits—especially my nipples.”With that, I sat back and rested while watching her self-serving tit show. She began a loud, almost guttural moan as she began twisting and stretching her nipples like I’d never seen before. I feared she would tear them off.”Ahhhhhh, fuuuccckkk!” She literally cried, rocking while she came. She then folded over, positioned one hand over her dripping pussy, and writhed as she continued fucking herself. “Oh, my God… Oh, my God,” she muttered as I watched, spellbound.When she finished, she apologized for not giving her gift unselfishly. “I was just so turned on by giving you that awesome orgasm that I just had to do myself,” she said on the way to the shower.” That’s okay, my love. I’ll give you a do-over very soon,” I shouted to her as I heard the water begin to flow!