I don’t think there’s anything that turns me on more then getting fucked right before we go somewhere. It could be dinner, a family function, our kids youth sports, etc. I just love thinking about having my ankles above my head or my mouth full of his dick and those around us clueless to that. It normally drives me crazy and leads to round two after.It’s a big part of our sex life. Some are obviously more played out and in depth. Our plan is to start posting more of them. Here’s a relatively quick and basic one!I was up early and on our stationary bike for a spin workout. After my workout, I jumped in the downstairs shower as my husband was using the master to get ready for work. I grew increasingly horny as my hands explored my wet body. My husband (GP) was going to be gone for the day for work, so I assumed I had a date with the wand later on. I dried off, wrapped the towel around my body, and went to the bedroom to finish getting dressed.I walked into the bedroom as GP was drying off. His semi-hard cock beautifully swayed with each stroke of his towel. He asked how my workout was, and I responded, “Good,” as I approached him. With no further words needed or spoken, I dropped my towel and knelt down, taking him in my hands.“Babe,” he let out quickly.I took the head of his penis in my mouth. He was immediately rock hard, and I made my intentions very clear.“I want to you go into work with the taste of my pussy in your mouth.”I stood up and lay on the edge of the bed as he put his hands on my ass to lift me slightly and began tonguing my clit. Licking and fingering me, he had me squirming around until he stood up and entered my pussy.This is a favorite position of ours. GP, a strong athletic man, really is able to use his strength, and I love taking the pounding! He started slowing, and I could feel the climax building.“Fuck me harder,” I demanded.His strokes picked up in intensity as my toes clenched and I got off. I could tell he was close, and I told him I wanted his cum to cover my tits. He pulled out, and I slid down the bed, stroking him, as he exploded on my chest. With a quick suck of his leaking head, I stood up and wished him a good work day. Then I lay on the bed to gather myself, and he went to clean up again!Lying there, I came up with an idea to tease him. Before I wiped his cum off me, I snapped a picture. He stopped back in the bedroom to say goodbye, and off he went. Once I figured he was settled in at work, I texted him.“Hey do you have a second?”He replied, “Yes, what’s up?”The point of my text was to make sure he had his phone in hand. My reply was just the picture of my cum covered tits. I love knowing he is surrounded by coworkers, thinking of raining his semen on me!