(L) – This story contains strong language.This is the true story of one of the hottest ways we had sex early in our relationship.It was 6am and the alarm was ringing. I was filled with joy and excitement as I opened my eyes, awakening from my slumber next to my beautiful wife. She woke up at the same time and immediately began wrapping her arms and legs around me and kissing on my neck. I could feel the heat coming from between her soft, pale thighs, radiating onto the tip of my manhood. Every part of me wanted to slide under the blanket and eat her for breakfast, but we had to get going.Once we were out of bed and dressed, we loaded up our car and texted the rest of the family. We were meeting at the lake for summer vacation; a weekend of family, fishing, good food and frosty beverages. We often ran away in our 20’s to camp, fish, or just be outdoors and away from the hustle and bustle.We got on the road for what would be an almost two-hour drive. With our favorite CDs playing in the car, we talked about the days to come and the fun we were going to have.“You know,” I laugh, “I wanted to have our fun when we woke up this morning.”She looked at me with her bright blue eyes and that mischievous look that always gets me. “Yeah, I could feel your hard cock rubbing against my panties this morning. I wanted you too!”The way she looked me in the eyes told me how much she wanted it, and that look had my manhood so hard it ached. She reached over the seat and started rubbing it through my shorts, and I let out a breath. “Hey now! That’s not nice right now.” We both laughed and agreed that we want it.Time flew by, and she played with my cock off and on the whole drive up. Occasionally, she even took it out and teased it with her tongue while I tried not to kill us with distracted driving. I wanted her so bad, but it was going to be a long day before I could have her.We have arrived at the lake and were greeted by friends and family. We got to our spot at the small and rustic resort, and scrambled to put up the tent. We unloaded the car and got things situated. All the while, my mind remained stuck on all the ways I wanted to tease, touch, kiss and lick her.We gathered with family and have decided it was time to get on the boat and go do some fishing and cliff jumping.We headed into our tent to change. As we were stripping down, I found myself stopped and staring at her nude, curvy body. She looked back at me, then down to my hard cock, and turned to me. She grabbed me by my manhood and started stroking and teasing me while we kissed deeply. I reached between her legs and found she was soaked. I could feel her pussy gripping my middle finger as I slid it inside her.We started to moan and walk backwards towards the air mattress, but we were stopped by the sounds of footsteps coming closer. It was her sister, asking how much longer until we are ready. We could hear her giggling outside of the tent and teasing us with, “What are you two doing in there? Why is it taking you so long?” We laughed and got our bathing suits on quickly so we could join the fun.I spent the day fighting my thoughts and desires to have her so I could enjoy time with the family, but I was losing the battle. All I could think about was burying my face between her thighs, letting my tongue explore her clit, and savoring the sweet taste on my lips. Each moment that went by was an eternity of sexual frustration and sweet suffering. I didn’t know for sure, but I later found out that she felt exactly the same way all day.Eventually, the afternoon sunlight blended into the ridgeline of the hillside, an orange sherbert sunset in the desert sky, with a light chill in the air. We finished dinner, and then it was party time with the family. As we gathered in front of the camp fire to enjoy the beginning of a long summer sunset, Rachel turned to me and said, “We need to go to the store down the road and get some beer and ice.”“Okay, let’s go,” I replied.We asked everyone else if they needed things, then headed out down the dirt road towards the store.It was about 3 or 4 miles down a backroad to get there. But when we got just out of sight, she took her seatbelt off and started fumbling at my pants.“I have been thinking about this hard cock all day,” she told me before her head fell into my lap, and my cock disappeared into her mouth. There was no place to hide, but I didn’t care. My eyes began to scout the area for a place to pull over out of sight, so I could see where her excitement would lead us.I pulled to the side of the road, where wheat fields surrounded us on either side. This would have to do, because she wasn’t stopping.She was outlined by an ever-dimming orange and pink sunset that was radiating down the back of her fire-red hair. I massaged the back on her neck as she got faster with the strokes of her mouth. She grabbed my shaft, swirling her tongue around my cock like she was enjoying an ice cream, licking the pre cum off of it like the curl that sits atop a soft serve cone. She slid her tongue all the way down and back up, stopping right before the tip to give it extra attention, because she knew that drives me wild.She lifted her head and said, I want you to EAT ME, babe!” Then she started to get out of the car. Taking her shorts off, she headed towards the back of the car and signaled for me to follow. I was a little confused, but hopped out. I walked to the back of the car to see her sitting on the trunk with her legs spread. Her beautiful, shaved, bright-pink pussy was drenched and ready for my attention. I picked her up and put her on the edge of the trunk, then freed my hard cock from my shorts and pressed it against her wetness.I leaned in and whispered into her ear, “What if the farmer catches us?”She whispered back, “I don’t care, I want yousobad, babe!”She was excited and lusted for me. We embraced each other and begin to make out. She clawed her finger nails up my back, ran her fingers through my hair, then pulled my head towards her sweet zone. She leaned back and braced herself with the other hand.My tongue danced slowly but firmly with her clit, like two people who have been dancing together for a lifetime. I ran my tongue up and down her clit, sucking it into my mouth and flicking it with the tip of my tongue, then releasing it and plunging my tongue inside of her. The taste of my lover’s hot little honey pot left me spinning, and my cock dripping with pre cum.I could hear her moaning and begging me not to stop.I’ve hit the spot, I thought, while I licked, teased, and sucked on her.It didn’t take her long before she had my face drenched, and I lapped up every little delicious drop like it would be my last. I stood up and asked her to bend over doggy style. As she bent over the trunk of the car, I cupped her huge, soft breasts, and wasted no time easing my hard cock all the way inside her, taking what was mine.Our hips met and she drew a jagged breath. I couldn’t help myself. I was filled with primal lust, and begin fucking her with long, hard stokes.“Pull my pony tail, babe,” she said. She is usually a sensual lover, but this time succumbed to a more primal need for pleasure of the flesh. I could tell she felt free and sexy, and it was a total turn on! We were exposed, out in an open field and could be caught at any moment.She linked her fingers in between mine, and we squeezed her breast together as she belted out her orgasm. I could feel her gushing around my cock as I pulled her into me by her hips. I was ready to burst myself. She pulled our hips apart, knelt in front of me, and told me to finish in her mouth. I came immediately, and I could feel her swallow every last drop.It’s now 14 years later, and the memory still arouses us to share.G and R