This post includes some anal play (A).“I just knew this was gonna be boring,” Dorothy said with a sigh. “Why do you have to come to these parties every year?”“He’s my boss, hon,” said Mike, “I don’t like these parties any more than you, but he’s a jerk about things like this. Sorry. We’ll leave at the first opportunity, I promise.”“Yeah, yeah. Sure we will.”They smiled at each other and decided to make the best of it.After an hour or so, Dorothy and Mike found themselves snuggled together on a large, plush living room sofa, her arm wrapped around his, her head on his shoulder, talking with his fellow workers. As the conversation went on, Dorothy became restless, but when the topic turned to sex, she perked up. During the course of sexy stories and bawdy jokes, her leg came up and found its way across Mike’s lap. Her skirt was on the short side, so she had to push it down to prevent revealing any secrets, but she kept her leg on his lap.Several stories and jokes later, she began to nuzzle and nibble Mike’s ear. He looked at her several times, flushed, giving her stern warnings. But when Dorothy feels sexy, warnings mean nothing to her. She hoped that by turning Mike on, they would leave the party and go home to have a party of their own. But even Dorothy wasn’t prepared for what would eventually happen.In the course of nibbling and kissing her man, Dorothy became extremely pleased with herself when the knee resting in Mike’s lap had a most welcome visitor. She felt something pressing against her knee and looked down to see a bulge in Mike’s pants. She brushed her knee against the bulge, letting him know she knew about his plight. Mike could only smile. But discovering his excitement made her that much more excited herself. She was now kissing him on the mouth and sucking on his lips, her hands holding his head firmly in place, not allowing his lips to escape.When Dorothy’s tongue came out to play, Mike decided it was time to cool things off. Only a couple of the other partiers had noticed the pair’s heated condition, so Mike got up off the sofa, turning quickly to avoid showing off his bulging crotch. He grabbed Dorothy’s hand and pulled her up off of the sofa, leading her into his boss’s huge dining room.Once there, Dorothy tried to fling her arms around his neck and kiss him passionately. But he stopped her reluctantly because that would certainly not help his “growing” situation.“Look… um… maybe we should just go home,” he said, believing that was exactly what Dorothy wanted.“No way, lover,” she cooed, “I’m way past that. This is a huge mansion your boss has here. Whadya say we find us a nice, cozy, private room and have a little fun?”“Are you outa your gourd?! This is my BOSS’S house, remember? You know, the guy who gives me the paychecks that help feed and clothe us?”“This house is so big no one would either miss us or find us. We could probably do the dirty in ten different rooms, and no one would be the wiser.”“You really are crazy,” Mike said, his eyes wide with disbelief.“Mikey,” Dorothy sang the words seductively, “I’m not wearing panties.”“Oh, Dor… why do you do these things to me? You know I can’t resist the no panties thing.” Mike sighed and accepted defeat gracefully, wiping the dribbling beads of sweat from his forehead.Knowing she had him, it was now Dorothy’s turn to take Mike by the hand and lead him. Glancing quickly into the living room to check on the other guests, who were still giggling over each other’s jokes and limericks, Dorothy pulled back into the dining room. She spotted another large entranceway on the other side of it and led the groaning Mike through it into a large, sparsely lit room. Walking quickly through this room, they found a massive, curved stairway leading to the second floor of the house.“And let’s just see where these lead,” said the love of Mike’s life.Mike—poor, engorged Mike—could only continue to groan as his still-growing bulge strained in his pants on the way up the stairs.At the top of the stairs was a very long hallway with four or five doors on either side of it.“Aha!” exclaimed Dorothy, “Seems we have our pick, lover of mine.”Mike groaned, having a vision of his boss waving multiple pink slips under his nose.Dorothy pulled Mike along and, picking a door purely on whim, she turned the knob and slowly peered in, feeling like a naughty schoolgirl. Mike, though definitely aroused by the possibilities, still groaned. The room was dark. Dorothy entered swiftly and pulled the perspiring Mike in after her… and then closed the door behind them.Stumbling around in the dark, Mike was the first to find the light switch. He flicked it, and they both quickly scanned the room, ready to turn off the lights and bolt at the first sign of occupancy—though, given the darkness as they entered, that was highly unlikely. Their search found nothing but an empty room, soon to be a lovenest of their own making.No sooner had the coast been determined clear than Dorothy was clinging octopus-like to Mike, kissing his lips passionately, her mouth sucking the air out of him as her tongue explored his mouth with abandon. She let go of him just long enough to look him in the eye and show a wicked grin.“And now, my hot, sexy lover… we’re going to make wet, steamy love all over this room.”Mike groaned again and asked, “Okay, but… any chance we can do it quietly?”“We’ll see; we’ll see. But right now, I just want to remind you about what I mentioned earlier. I was telling you the truth when I said I wasn’t wearing panties. How’s that make you feel, honey?” She purred and nuzzled her lips just below his earlobe.Mike reached down and grabbed her thighs, lifting her off the floor. Her legs came up and wrapped themselves around his waist. As they kissed passionately, Mike tumbled forward, but the wall kept them from falling to the floor. Braced against the wall, he held her off the floor with her legs wrapped around him, and they kissed madly.As he held Dorothy against the wall, one of Mike’s hands reached down to determine the truth of her no-panties statement. The wet fur his hand encountered was proof enough of her claim. His hand quickly left there to tug at the fly of his pants, his mouth never pausing for an instant in the mashing of his lips to hers. Having opened his fly, he now reached in to pull out his confined member. He freed it with a sigh of relief. Then, putting his arm back around Dorothy, he slid her down slowly onto his throbbing shaft, and they both sighed.As Mike lowered Dorothy onto his throbbing member, their simultaneous sighs turned quickly to gasps and moans. Mike thrust his hips into Dorothy as she squeezed him with her legs and slowly matched his thrusting rhythm. Throughout their heated thrusting, Mike and Dorothy kissed each other forcefully enough that their teeth scraped even as their tongues explored each other’s mouths. At length, Dorothy pulled her hot mouth away from Mike’s long enough to gasp out,“See… Mike… isn’t this… better than… that stupid… party?”Mike could only clench his teeth with the strain of his battering hips and grunt out an affirmative reply. Bracing his lady love against the wall, Mike squeezed her breast with his free hand, his other still wrapped around her. His breast-fondling hand finally got around to working its way beneath her blouse, where it continued its assault. He lightly squeezed her breast and pinched her pink nipple as his mouth attacked hers and his groin pounded into her.When Dorothy felt Mike getting very close to orgasm, she began squeezing his penis with her vaginal muscles as she pistoned up and down on him. The sensation was driving Mike wild, and he took a step back from the wall so he could suck her other nipple while his fingers tweaked and teased the first. To do so, his hand made short work of her blouse, tearing it quickly to the side until the delicious orb bounced freely out of its confinement. His thrusting continued, causing her steaming sex to jump and hop wetly on his pounding erection.Finally, Dorothy, who was horny from the start, couldn’t take any more. She exploded just about the same time as Mike, who likewise needed release. While her juices warmed his swollen, burrowing shaft, his filled her in return. They continued to hump breathlessly against the wall for a few more minutes, their orgasms seeming to take their sweet time subsiding and their sex-fevered brains eventually cooling and clearing. They slumped against the wall to catch their breaths, kissing each other’s faces and mouths.“Mmmmm…” sighed Dorothy, still kissing Mike’s willing but irritated lips passionately, “I guess next time I suggest a little diversion, you’ll agree just a little more quickly, won’t you, lover?”“Oh, yes,” Mike panted, “I’d say that’s a pretty safe assumption on your part.” Then, still trying to catch stray lungfuls of air, he added, “Tell you what… in the sexual arena, you lead, and I’ll follow, oh brazen one.”“Glad to hear it. That opens up a world of delicious possibilities.”“Ha! Now I’ve stepped in it!” Mike laughed, wondering just what future activities he might’ve gotten himself into with that hasty agreement.They both laughed briefly, still leaning against the wall, then their mouths found each other again. Their kisses were long, slow and deep. However, those warm, sensual kisses were cut short. Outside the door, they heard giggling and some decidedly lecherous laughter, followed shortly by the sound of a door opening and then closing again. It sounded like the door to one of the adjoining rooms! That possibility was confirmed when the giggling continued, coming now from the room to Mike’s and Dorothy’s right, clearly heard through the closed door between the two rooms.Dorothy smiled at Mike and whispered, “Looks like we’re not the only ones who think that party downstairs is going nowhere.”They looked at each other and smiled… and then laughed, both of them trying their best to stifle themselves so as not to be discovered by their new neighbors.“Oh, my God,” said Mike in a whispered exclamation, “they may be able to see the light. Turn it off!”When Dorothy fumbled for the light, it was the first time that they realized that Dorothy was still mounted on Mike’s member, which, though still firm, had lost some of its girth.“Hmmm,” Mike winked at Dorothy, “Wanna go again?”“You bet, lover! But… you know what else I’d just love to do?”“Uh-oh,” he said warily, “what’s that?” His voice was also tinged with just a hint of disappointment.“Well, those sounds coming from the next room sound an awful lot like some hot ‘n’ heavy sex is going on in there. Apparently, we’re not the only ones here tonight with lust on the brain.”“Yeah, so… I think we’re doing pretty good in here.”“I know. But, haven’t you ever wanted to watch another couple make it?”The thought stung Mike like the backside of a wasp. He’d never thought about it before, but now that Dorothy mentioned it, it was intriguing… and he did remember her mentioning a long time ago that it was a mild kink of hers to watch others doing the dirty deed when they didn’t know they were being spied upon.“Are you serious, Dor?” he asked, eyebrows raised.“Mmm… oh, yeah, you bet. C’mon, wanna see if we can catch them at it?”“Oh, and like we’ll just sneak in the door and sit down on the floor and watch?”“No,” she sighed, rolling her eyes, “When we first came in here and turned on the light—before you ravaged me, that is—I saw where the door is that connects to that room. I’m sure I can find it even in the dark. Let’s find it and open it just a tiny crack and see if we can’t catch those hotties in the act. I wonder who it is, anyway… don’t you?”“You really are mental, aren’t you? Still,” he admitted, “I am curious…”“Remember, Mike, just a few minutes ago you said you’d trust my judgments in these matters. If I remember correctly, your quote was something like, ‘You lead, I’ll follow.’ Wasn’t that how you put it?” Her smile was an “I gotcha” smile.“Oh, wonderful… me and my big mouth. As soon as those words came out of it, I knew I was gonna regret it somehow. I just didn’t think it would be this soon!”With a gentle stroke on his cheek and the press of her index finger on his lips, Dorothy smiled and said, “All right, then… follow me, lover.”“Oh, but, Dor…” Mike whispered, “when I get my pink slip, you do realize you’re going to have to work two jobs to support me for a while, right?”“Deal,” she laughed.Mike finally lowered Dorothy to the floor, bending his knees as he did. He slowly slipped his shrinking member out of her. They kissed briefly, and then hand in hand, they slowly crossed the darkened room until they were in the area where Dorothy had seen the connecting door. Sliding her hand noiselessly along the wall, she finally came in contact with the doorknob. She turned and looked up at her shadowy Mike, and the gleam in her eyes was visible even in the near-total darkness. Mike just knew that either the doorknob itself or the door’s hinges were going to creak or squeal loudly, and the jig would be up. He braced himself for the ensuing pandemonium and embarrassment… or a black eye… or all of the above.Miraculously, the doorknob turned silently, and neither the knob nor the hinges made a sound as Dorothy opened the door very slowly, allowing in the light from the adjoining room.Mike almost shrieked like a frightened child when he saw the two lovers. It was none other than his boss and his lovely wife. He then knew that this just had to end badly, and the room began to tilt and rock beneath his feet. He was sure he was going to pass out… which, he thought, would be merciful.Dorothy, eyes still ablaze, saw his wobbly state and turned around and kissed him, whispering, “Would you just relax? They don’t see us. The way they’re going at it, they wouldn’t notice a gang of nuclear terrorists right now.”After saying that, she wasted no time in watching the lustful couple. Mike’s boss, Mr. Bastion, was standing totally naked at the foot of a large, silk-covered bed. On her knees before him, also naked, was Mrs. Bastion, her head bobbing forward and back at her husband’s groin.Mike couldn’t believe he was watching his boss being hummed by his wife. But, while being shocked at his own voyeurism, he was nonetheless aroused by the scene being played out just a few feet away. He and Dorothy stood there, mesmerized by what they saw.As Mrs. Bastion’s head pistoned forward and back between her husband’s hips, both Mike and Dorothy couldn’t help but notice that the Bastions were an attractive couple. Though easily in their mid-fifties, their bodies were firm and trim, and their sexual appetites were obviously very healthy.While they watched the older couple in the throes of lust, Mike could hear Dorothy’s breathing getting rapid and shallow. He looked down at her, seeing again the glint in her eyes, and also saw her begin to lick her luscious lips. As she watched, Dorothy’s hand slowly crept down to Mike’s groin, where it grabbed the muscle which had begun to grow again despite his misgivings. They watched together as Mrs. Bastion pleased her man, his face contorted in pure ecstasy.Dorothy’s hand on Mike’s burgeoning member began to stroke in rhythm to Mrs.Bastion’s moving head. And Mike was swooning again, but for a different reason now. He pulled Dorothy in front of him, and her hand released his penis, which stayed quite firm nonetheless.With the two of them watching the Bastions together, Mike pressed himself up against Dorothy’s back, rubbing his erect muscle along and beneath her warm buttocks. He realized with a grin that although his penis was out of his pants and Dorothy had no panties on, both he and Dorothy were still mostly dressed, and that just would not do. With her attention still on the lusting older couple, Dorothy barely noticed Mike removing her blouse from behind, but she did respond nicely to his caressing and exploring hands.Reaching down, he slipped off Dorothy’s skirt, which hardly registered in her mind at all, even when she had to step out of it. He kicked it away into the darkness. Then, intermittently kissing and caressing her soft, naked body, he worked his way out of every last stitch of his own clothing. He then stood behind Dorothy again—both of them now as naked as the Bastions—and allowed his hands, lips and throbbing tool to caress and explore every available inch of Dorothy’s hypnotized body.He kissed his way down her body from neck to back to buttocks, then focused on that bottom, squeezing and kissing it. While on his knees behind her, one of his hands slipped between her legs and found it very warm and damp. Kissing her lush bottom and playing in her increasingly wet bush, Mike could feel her desire burning inside her. He reached up and placed his hands on her hips, gently pulling her down to her knees. She slowly took a kneeling position in front of him, eyes still focused on the Bastions.As Dorothy watched, her breath getting quicker and quicker, shorter and shorter, Mike squeezed and stroked her breasts from behind, his fingertips circling her nipples and lightly pinching them. His lips and tongue caressed her neck and shoulders, and his passion occasionally led him to lightly nibble or bite them. He sucked on her earlobes and licked behind her ears. She was gently sighing now.One of Mike’s hands continued to fondle Dorothy’s erect nipples while the other slid down between her legs and made itself comfortable there. After a few minutes, Dorothy was quite ready for Mike’s next play. Reaching his hands under her bottom, he lifted her slightly, just enough to get his once again engorged penis between her legs and up into her. Still, she watched the Bastions, allowing Mike to do whatever he pleased.A slow, gradual push of his hips and he was inside her, his hands both returning to her full breasts and their pleading nipples. She gasped and moaned at his entrance into her. In a mild panic, Mike, fearing her moans might become too loud, put one hand over her mouth. She couldn’t help but laugh at this, but she did so very quietly. She removed his hand and turned her head to kiss him, for the first time seeming to be free of the Bastions’ lovemaking spell. She was so turned on by it all that she actually bit his lip when she kissed him and then bit him a second time, chewing on his lower lip.“Oh, Mike… didn’t I say this would be great?” she whispered.“Yes, you did, Dor. Right again.” He sighed, stroking her face and returning her kisses.They both turned back to the action in the next room, and as Dorothy licked her burning lips, Mike pushed himself in and out of her for the second time that night, and their rhythm again seemed to match Mrs.Bastion’s bobbing head.As the Bastions basked in sexual pleasure, so did Mike and Dorothy. Each bob of Mrs. Bastion’s head was met with a thrust from Mr. Bastion’s hips just as each plunge of Mike’s ramming penis was countered by Dorothy’s dripping sex. Heads bobbed, and hips thrust tirelessly, all of it seemingly in time to some unheard musical beat. And the only question seemed to be, who would come first?Less than twenty feet apart, four heated human beings were sweating and thrusting, groins and mouth busily carrying out delicious acts of pleasure. Mr. Bastion was just moments away from orgasm, and his attractive wife had one hand squeezing his ass as he thrust his hips at her. Her other hand was cupping and gently squeezing his primed testicles. Her mouth was taking every inch of his formidable manhood with apparent ease, not even needing her hands to help, leaving them free to engage in those other pursuits.Finally, a low moan escaped from Mr. Bastion’s throat, and his hands entwined themselves in his wife’s long, flowing locks as his hips thrust forward and back with increasing speed. Still, his wife serviced his needs, holding her ground even with the increased activity from her husband. Mr. Bastion bucked and moaned, his wife’s face firmly attached to his throbbing shaft. Now she let go of his testicles and squeezed both his cheeks firmly, kneading them with forceful fingers and pulling him tightly to her face, filling her mouth with him. She rode out his increased bucking and stayed with him admirably, leaving both Mike and Dorothy in awe of her technique.Mr. Bastion let out a somewhat stifled scream of pure pleasure and rocked against his wife’s pleasuring lips. His orgasm was powerful and fulfilling. His cream filled his wife’s mouth in short, forceful spurts, which pulsed against the top of her mouth and all the way to the back of her throat. He bucked and almost growled in his release, and Mrs. Bastion kept his rod firmly in her mouth, savoring every last drop.When she saw Mr. Bastion reach climax, Dorothy started to feel her own orgasm coming, as did Mike anticipate his. They started to rut like animals in heat, down on the floor on their knees, watching Mrs. Bastion doing such a fantastic job of pleasing her husband. Mike was squeezing Dorothy’s breasts hard now, pulling at her nipples and pounding her forcefully from behind. His thrusting hips took on the same merciless beat as had Mr.Bastion’s moments earlier.When Mike realized Dorothy’s climax was very near, his hand flew to her mouth to quiet the moans and sighs that were rapidly getting louder. To stifle his own, he buried his face in her neck and kissed and licked the flesh. Dorothy was now literally slamming herself up and down on his pulsating pole, and he was very hard-pressed to keep up with her.Finally, Dorothy arched her back and stiffened, and she would have screamed loudly had Mike’s hand not clamped firmly over her mouth just in time. His other hand managed to release her breast just in time to partially shut the door… just in case. But when he tried to also keep the door from making noise, he accidentally closed the door on his hand, forcing him to stifle his own scream as well. Everyone except Mrs. Bastion, it seemed, wanted to scream for one reason or another.With the door almost completely closed, Mike and Dorothy could concentrate on their own orgasms. Dorothy’s was just a heartbeat ahead of Mike’s. In fact, it was the spasming of her vaginal muscles that proved to be the final sensation that brought about his orgasm. As they both exploded with screams stifled in one manner or another, their juices mixed freely, and their bodies slapped against each other loudly enough that it was a good thing the door was closed.Mike’s legs were sore from the awkward position, and their fatigue and soreness led him to lose his balance and end up sitting on the floor, his hips still thrusting. He pulled Dorothy back with him, and she never missed a beat but kept hopping in his lap. They rode out their orgasms, her pounding happily on his penis while she faced the door and him lying partially on his back with his hips pushing upward to meet hers. They climaxed together for a long time, both intent on extending the delicious pleasure of it.When Mike’s orgasm had subsided, he finally let go of Dorothy’s mouth and flopped down onto the floor on his back, smiling stupidly. He watched as his lady love continued to piston herself up and down on his drained but still hardened member. He prayed that she was past the point of screaming because he just didn’t have the strength to sit up and put his hand around her mouth again.Dorothy still bounced on his lap, obviously enjoying multiple orgasms, so Mike bent his knees and held her hips with his hands, sitting up a bit to grind his groin into her.Back arched, hair flying, and hands grabbing her head, Dorothy’s final orgasm finally passed. Sated at last, she gasped for air and sat still on Mike, trembling and sweating. She looked back and down at her man. In the thin shaft of light that stretched across Mike’s face from the room beyond, she saw his wide smile. She gingerly slid herself off his slowly fading erection and lay down on the floor next to him, kissing that smile gently.“Mmm… this party turned out to be a lot more fun than I thought it would,” she whispered.Mike only smiled as he kissed her lovingly: her cheeks, her lips, chin, nose, even her eyes and hair. Then the two of them basked in each other’s warm, comforting embrace for several minutes, tenderly kissing and nuzzling each other.They both thought that the party for them was probably over. It had been one helluva fun ride, but, sadly, it was now time to rejoin the others downstairs… and let the Bastions finish up and do the same. But then the moans from the other room unexpectedly began anew.“Oh, yes, honey… YES! Right there! YES… don’t stop!”In the small sliver of light, Mike and Dorothy’s eyes met. Sneaky grins crossed their shadowed lips. Like naughty young children eavesdropping on an older sibling’s love talk, they forced themselves up off the floor and scurried over to the door, stifling giggles. Mike reached out and slowly opened it, and their two eager faces once again peered in at the Bastions.Dorothy’s eyes were wide, and her jaw dropped. Mike’s were likewise incredulous. Unlike Mike and Dorothy, Mr.and Mrs. Bastion had apparently not taken a break, which put the two younger lovers to shame.Mrs. Bastion was up on the bed, her legs spread wide. Mr. Bastion’s head was between those inviting legs. Surprisingly, however, the older man was stronger than he looked. He was actually holding Mrs. Bastion’s body up off of the bed, with one arm wrapped around her waist. Her bottom was a good foot and a half off the bed, and Mr. Bastion was holding her like that as if it weren’t the slightest bit taxing for him. Not only that, but the surprising Mr.Bastion must have been doing some admirable work with his tongue, judging from the movements of his head between his wife’s legs and the lolling-tongue smile on her face.Mrs. Bastion was obviously ecstatic at this turn of events. But as they looked closer, Mike and Dorothy realized there was more. As Mrs. Bastion’s legs flew wildly in the air above her husband’s head and shoulders, her toes curling with joy, the younger couple noticed something else. While holding his wife aloft with his one arm around her waist and his tongue making her almost drool, Mr. Bastion was apparently not one to let his other hand get lazy. Since his wife’s bottom was exposed above the bed, he decided to put that fact to some good use.Mike and Dorothy watched in awe as the man devoured his wife with the enthusiasm of a hormonal teenager, but what truly impressed them was that he was also fingering her anally at the same time! From what they could see, it appeared he had two fingers inserted into her anus and was eagerly stimulating her bottom as his tongue lapped incessantly between her legs! It made Mike and Dorothy wonder which spot he’d hit that made Mrs. Bastion moan and verbalize about it so vehemently earlier.The heat of the scene hit Dorothy first. She turned to Mike and pounced on him, pushing him to the floor. She turned herself around and plopped immediately and without warning onto his chest. She only sat on that heaving chest long enough to get her bearings. Then, she grabbed Mike’s semi-erect penis and stroked it. In seconds it was raring to go. Before it was fully erect, she already had her lips and tongue all over it. With his raging hardon safely in her mouth, Dorothy then slid herself back and dropped her dripping patch onto Mike’s unprepared but willing mouth. As Mr. Bastion returned the oral favor for his wife, Mike and Dorothy assumed the classic sixty-nine. And again, the race was on.This time, it was Mike who came first, followed by the lifted and licked Mrs. Bastion and then the lovely Dorothy. Mrs. Bastion screamed loudly when she came, screaming her husband’s name several times. Mike’s ears were still ringing with the rush of blood following his own orgasm, so he heard those screams as if they were miles away. Dorothy, however, heard them clearly and wondered if anyone downstairs did also. When Dorothy finally had her orgasm, she used Mike’s emptied cock to stifle her own screams, filling her mouth with it, squeezing his shaft with her hands to get every last drop from it as its thickness helped mute her. Her own orgasm washed over Mike’s busy tongue and sucking lips, and he savored the taste and went right on licking until her mashing and grinding on his mouth subsided.Mr. Bastion lowered his exhausted but happy wife down onto the bed. Dorothy released Mike’s spent penis but admired it and played with it as it slowly softened. Mike stroked Dorothy’s bottom and kissed her soaked bush until she rolled off of him. Three weak and depleted human beings lay on their backs, trying to regain normalcy for their bodies. Mr. Bastion merely enjoyed his wife’s satisfied smile.Dorothy rolled over and kissed Mike’s deflating member, taking a cue from his own kissing of her sex. As she kissed him, she stroked his calves. He, in turn, rolled over to kiss her moist calf, caressing her thigh and smooth buttock as he did. Then they both just lay still, Dorothy laying her head on Mike’s groin and he resting his on her calf. Surely, all concerned had had enough.When Dorothy finally sat up to look at Mike, they both had love in their eyes. She sat next to his chest with her back to him, and he draped his arm over her thighs. While her fingers gently played in the light carpet of his chest, his other hand rubbed her back and shoulders. This was their mellow time… their time to just touch and bask in the love they shared. This was when their souls made love… the afterglow.But, on this occasion, their souls were to be interrupted.This time, when they heard the noise from the next room, they got up more slowly—but still, their voyeurism got the better of them. This sound was a classic: the old headboard banging against a wall. When the younger couple peered once again into the well-lit room, Mr. Bastion was pumping away like a stallion, this time up on the bed behind his wife in the doggie position.“My God,” asked a stunned Dorothy, “what are those two made of?”“Geez,” Mike whispered his own incredulous reply, ” I hope we’re that good when we reach their age.”“Kind of gives you something to look forward to, doesn’t it?” she stated hopefully.It was only then that the two of them, at the exact same instant, noticed that the door, which they’d suddenly abandoned to go merrily into sixty-nine, was open a good foot or more, not the tiny inch or two it had been. Had the Bastions been any less fervently occupied, they’d surely have seen the younger couple.Dorothy stifled yet another giggle at the thought and quickly closed the door to its former nearly-closed position, almost clipping Mike’s interested nose in the process.“Listen,” he said, “we’ve been up here quite a while. People are going to start wondering where we are. Maybe we’d better leave and try to think of an excuse for disappearing… and where we’ve been.”“Yeah, I suppose you’re right, although I do hate to leave this show.” She sighed. “Those two are good!”Reluctantly, the two quietly closed the door, finally leaving the Bastions to their privacy. They hurriedly got dressed, searching for various articles of clothing in the darkness. When they were about to leave the room, the two looked at each other and grinned devilishly, only able to see each other at all because their eyes had adjusted to the gloom. They returned to the connecting door and slowly opened it just a tiny inch.Finally, the Bastions were just finishing up. Mr. Bastion was sitting on the edge of the bed, Mrs. Bastion sitting on his lap, facing him. They were warmly kissing and fondling each other. Mike closed the door again, for good this time, nearly clipping Dorothy’s nose.“Wow. You’ve just got to admire that,” Dorothy said.“He may be a hardnose at work, but I sure am impressed by his talents at home,” Mike confessed.The younger couple did their Pink Panther sneak out the door into the hallway and then to the stairs, which they descended equally quietly. Going back through the dining room into the living room, they arrived to find the party apparently breaking up, the other couples and singles preparing to depart, all hovering around the closet where one of them was passing out the coats. Mike and Dorothy blended into the group and mingled at the back of the crowd. Either no one noticed they’d been gone, no one cared, or they were just being discreet. Thank God for alcohol, Mike thought. Fogged brains seek no answers.As the coats and jackets found their way to their respective owners, up from behind Dorothy and Mike, as if from nowhere, came the Bastions, every bit as quiet and sneaky as the younger couple had been. They stood and smiled as they wished their guests a good night and a safe trip home.Being at the back of the mass of partiers, Mike and Dorothy were the last to get their coats and leave. As they put on their coats and got ready to say goodnight, Mr. Bastion said to them,” You two won’t mind seeing yourselves off, will you?” He turned and smiled down at his wife. “My wife and I have some unfinished business upstairs.”With that, the Bastions smiled and turned to walk back toward the dining room. They never saw the flush that came across the faces of Mike and Dorothy, who watched in awe as the Bastions walked arm-in-arm away from them. As they neared the dining room, Mr. and Mrs. Bastion stopped and turned their heads. They both lowered the arms that had been around each other’s shoulders and squeezed each other’s bottoms, making the gesture plainly visible to Mike and Dorothy. Then they both smiled and winked at the younger lovers and, without a word, turned and walked through the dining room and headed back upstairs.“I don’t believe it,” Dorothy said. “Do you know what that was, Mike?”“You mean that wink? Yeah, I’m pretty sure I do.”They looked at each other and smiled, for they knew that they’d just received their invitation to next year’s party.