Note from author:I suppose you could call this a continuation of my honeymoon fantasies.  My post, “Our First Day in Paradise” told the first.  Enjoy!On this first beautiful day of our honeymoon, we had woken up to enjoy some lovemaking in bed and then some playful foreplay in the shower.  We ate a delicious breakfast in the open lobby, changed into swimsuits, and headed for the beach.  I couldn’t wait to take in all the tropical scenery.  We hadn’t seen much of it last evening because… well, after reaching our bungalow, we had proceeded to undress and feast on the glorious landscapes of each other.  Now that we were somewhat—and only somewhat—sated from a night of lovemaking, we were ready to see what pleasures the island had to offer.I couldn’t keep my eyes off my new husband.  Not only was he an attractive man in his own right, with a tall, muscular body, dark hair, and intense gray eyes, but he had donned a most daring pair of white swim briefs that rode low on his hips.  They stretched provocatively over his full package, begging to be peeled off.  I intended to do just that before too long.As for myself, I wore one of the bikinis I bought for the honeymoon.  It was pink and fairly skimpy.  The top just cradled my round little breasts, and the bottom was a thong which by now had worked its way into my crack.  For the walk to the beach, I’d thrown on a coverup.  My hair was tied up in a loose bun, and sunglasses protected my eyes from the bright summer sun.We staked out a spot under a cluster of palm trees and laid out a big beach towel.  We’d brought a cooler with lunch and water.  My husband offered to lotion my body, which I of course accepted.  His hands, big, supple, and masculine, felt heavenly as they rubbed sunscreen into my skin.  I couldn’t help moaning in enjoyment.“Make sounds like that, and I may just pick up where we left off last night,” he jested.I shot him a laughing look.  “As if I’d mind! But let’s at least get a little sun in first.  Here. I’ll do you now.”Any chance to touch him thrilled me, and I took my leisure as I massaged sunscreen all over him, even letting my fingers creep naughtily into his shorts to lotion his ass.  He gave me a sly grin and said, “Just can’t keep your hands off me, can you?”  We both laughed.  Then, for about half an hour, we stretched out in the sun while the breeze wafted the palm branched above us.  We exchanged some sweet, slow kisses as I lay beside him.  Our hands were clasped, and a drowsiness fell over us.  This, I thought, was as close to heaven as a person could get on this earth.Soon, my man pushed himself up.  “I’m getting pretty hot.  Want to come for a dip, baby?”“Oh, you go ahead.  I’ll watch for this one.”“Okay.  Be right back.”My eyes followed him as he walked away.  Man, what a stud he was! I reclined on my elbows and watched him march into the sea, duck, splash around for a minute, and then pop up to shake water out of his hair.As he emerged, I sat up.  My delighted eyes zoomed in on his briefs, which had slipped dangerously low from his movements in the water.  Now that they were wet, they had become transparent.  His v-line abs were on complete display, arrowing down like a neon sign toward his barely-hidden cock and balls.  I couldn’t believe what a tantalizing picture he made, hair wet and thrown back, water sparkling on his tanned, sculpted arms and chest and belly and legs, that one little piece of see-through material doing hardly anything to hide his manhood.  My fingers darted to my heated pussy.  Just looking had made me damp.  I saw his eyes rest on me and take note of what I was doing.  He slowed his step, a funny look on his face.  I read it at once: shock and lust.“You have no idea how hot you looked, coming out of the water almost naked,” I said in a sultry tone, brazenly opening my thighs as I caressed myself.“Baby…you’re the one that’s hot,” he returned, stopping right in front of me.  For a few seconds, he just watched me.  Then his hand subconsciously stroked the bulge at his crotch.  My blood simmered as I watched it fatten and strain against the thin briefs.  Even his rounded balls were perfectly outlined.“Make love to me,” I blurted, feeling that need tremble inside me, like a building earthquake.He glanced around.  “Out here?” he questioned, eyebrows raised, though a mischievous smile toyed with his lips.“Why not?”“People might see,” he warned, though he didn’t sound too reluctant.“There’s hardly anyone out here.  And even if they do see, I don’t care.  What better thing could they see than a husband and wife making love?” I argued, gazing up at him hungrily beneath my eyelashes.Obviously, he wanted it as much as I did because he lowered himself in a flash and consumed my mouth in a wonderful kiss.  I grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him down on top of me.  My hips ground against his groin.  He grunted.“You sexy woman,” he muttered.  “God, I want you!”“I want you too!” I said against his lips.His hand darted down to my bikini bottom and quickly eased it to the side.  I started as he slid a finger inside me.  Needing to reciprocate, I reached blindly and rubbed his clothed cock.  But that wasn’t good enough.  I needed to feel his bare male flesh.  Deftly, I slipped his briefs down and pulled his thick member free.   When my fingers closed around him, he shuddered.“Baby… oh man, that feels so good! You are already so good at this!”Glowing at this compliment, I began stroking him.  We continued to kiss, and he continued to finger me so I would loosen and open up for his body.It was hard for me to grasp that this amazing man—this good, kind, handsome man—was mine.  Moments ago I had watched him leave the water looking so rugged and sexy and seductively undressed, and here he was, skin-to-skin with me, his hands taking liberties no other man would ever get to take with me: his mouth, hot and wet and lustful; his voice rumbling in his throat with desire; his manhood filling in preparation to claim and mark me as his wife and mate.  All this knowledge nearly made me swoon.  I said a silent prayer of thanks for my husband then proceeded to tease and torture and love him.I stretched out, pulling him with me while reaching for the strings knotted behind my neck.  “Help me get this off,” I begged.A quick flick of the strings, and he had stripped my bikini off completely.  His briefs were bunched around his thighs, so he took a second to push them off.  Then he grabbed me again and covered me with his big male body.  I exhaled in enjoyment against his warm, naked, ocean-soaked skin.It was a very secluded beach intended for honeymooning couples, so we boldly proceeded with our lovemaking.  My husband kissed my breasts and neck while he fingered me, bringing my arousal to full blossom.  I nuzzled his neck and stroked eager fingers over his rippling shoulders.  Then I whispered in his ear, pleadingly, “Darling, I need you now!”He growled—a sound that set me on fire—rubbed the leaking head of his cock over my sodden pussy several times, then pushed in.  I breathed in hard; I was tight again.  But I knew I’d open to him in moments if we kept trying.  To keep my arousal at white-hot temps, I devoured his mouth.  His tongue sparred with mine in a desperate attempt to consume me.  I felt his hot manhood probing, aching to be inside me.  I opened my legs further and adjusted my pelvis, then frantically reached around to grip his butt and pull him in.  With a belly-wrenching gasp, he sank into me.  I felt the air leave my lungs at that first incredible sensation as he filled me.  Then I remembered to breathe.  And wriggle my hips.  He almost choked.“Baby, are you trying to make me cum?” he groaned.“Sorry.  I just want you so bad.  Take me, baby.  Pound me.  I want to feel my big sexy husband thrusting inside me.”  I licked my lips seductively.He growled again like a wolf in heat and began to move.  I yelped.  He was so thick and veiny; I could feel him sliding along my tight tunnel.  He planted his palms on the towel on either side of me and rolled his hips in what I thought was a very expert manner.  Just one night of sex and he had caught on so fast! I loved it.  I hoped I was just as satisfying for him.  Gazing up at his sweaty face, his teeth gritted and his eyes half-shut, I was pretty sure he found me quite enjoyable.  To ensure it, I rocked my own hips, still amazed at the rhythm we could produce when we met halfway.A smothered grunt broke from him.  I quickly asked, “Are you all right?”“Yeah,” he bit out.  “Just…ugh, I can feel you clenching around me.  You’re a hot little beauty, you know that?”I grinned, though it was hard to grin amidst this dizzying pleasure.  “You make me feel like a naughty little slut,” I said, wondering if he’d like that kind of talk.It seemed to excite him.  His movements quickened.  “Oh yeah, you’re a little slut…mylittle slut.  I’m the only man who ever gets to do this to you, got it?”“Got it.  And I’m the only woman who’ll get to feel your big beautiful dick in her pussy,” I rejoined.“Oh God, as if any other pussy could be as delicious and hot as this one,” he grunted.“You like my pussy?” I pressed, my hips dancing with his.“So much I never want to leave it.”“Mmm, I’d be good with that.”“So you like my dick?” he asked cheekily.“I love it!”He bent his head to suckle my mouth.  I returned the hungry, open-mouthed kiss.  His thrusts continued, measured, quick, but deep.  I felt my body shudder with his every onslaught.  I was absolutely dripping with juices. We could hear the erotic squelch of my pussy sucking at him each time he withdrew, and the wet slap of his nuts against my bottom.  We were tangled in a raw, writhing mess of furious married sex.We’d stopped talking, at least coherently, instead gasping out expletives and moaning in unified intoxication.  Our eyes held each other as we fused our bodies in this unspeakable intimacy.  The sun was hot, contributing to our intense sweatiness.  Beyond, the ocean besieged the shore, just as my husband lovingly and incessantly besieged my body.  I, like the sand, welcomed him and soaked him up.He was getting close, I could tell.  He lowered himself carefully, ensuring that he didn’t crush my much smaller form with his muscular chest. As if he were drilling for oil, he ground himself into me.  I screamed, unable to help myself.  It felt so good!And then I noticed them.  Several people, standing nearby, watching us.  My vision was too blurred to see details.  But I could tell that one or two of the men were stroking themselves over their swim trunks.  One guy had his cock out and was rubbing furiously.  I think the woman beside him was touching herself while steadying herself by holding his arm.Once, I would have been embarrassed beyond description.  But now, realizing I was being watched as I made love with my husband only added fuel to my desire.  I gripped him harder and rolled my hips in mad tandem with his.  He was gasping for breath and moaning as he neared the glorious convulsive edge.  I figured he didn’t know about our audience.  Well, we would give them a firsthand exhibition of hot, holy, marital lovemaking.Encouraging him with slurred cries and some spicy language, I tingled as I felt him tense up.  That got me.  We went over together, trembling, shouting, his pelvis jerking against me hard as he buried warm seed in my core.  I shook and my head went very light as the pleasure hormones exploded in my system. A flood of wetness broke from deep inside me.  I could feel my husband’s meat slipping in it.  Breathless, we simply held on to each other, dazed from such a marvelous climax.  I thanked God silently that sex with my new husband was, so far, this wonderful.  I prayed it would only get better.Some noise close by brought us back to the present.  My husband swiveled, startled to find onlookers grouped around us.  But, to his surprise and mine, they began to congratulate us.  Some even clapped.  I pulled my coverup over my spent body.  My husband rolled over and sat up, locating his briefs and placing them strategically over his crotch.“Nice work, bro!”“Sexy!”“You got a hot woman there!”That type of comment was tossed good-naturedly at us as the group dispersed.  Only the guy and girl who had been masturbating remained.  He grabbed her hand and came up to us.“No need to feel awkward.  Nice to see a couple going at it with no holds barred.  You, uh, on your honeymoon?”“Yeah.  I guess we were pretty obvious,” my husband answered, a little shamefaced but laughing.“We figured you were newlyweds.  We honeymooned here five years ago.  Nice spot for some hot action.  Good luck on your future together!”The wife winked at me.  I couldn’t help smiling.Once they had walked off, my husband and I looked at each other. Both of us were still amazed at what had just happened, and also enjoying it.“Well!” my husband began, combing his fingers through his hair.“That was…interesting!” I noted.  “How did you feel knowing that strange men were watching you make love to me?”He took a breath, his eyes twinkling naughtily.  “I’d be lying if I didn’t admit that that’s always been a fantasy of mine,” he confessed.  “How didyoulike it?”I laughed, falling back onto the towel.  “Oh boy! I liked it, or at least, I was okay with it.  We weren’t trying to seduce anyone, just enjoy each other as a married couple should.  So, since it was accidental, I’ll file it away in my store of pleasurable memories.”“Then I’ll do the same,” my man agreed, stretching out beside me.  “I prefer knowing that all this loveliness is only for me to look at and enjoy.”Answering a little more softly, I said “I want it that way, too. I have lots more things I want to do with you, but I’d rather go back to our bungalow.  It’s more private.”  I traced my fingertips over his lips.A heated look lit his eye.  “Yes ma’am!”