Author’s note:As you all probably have gathered by now, I’m extremely old-school.  Many of my stories are set during WWII.  I love everything classic: the fashion, the cars, the music, and just the general decorum that ruled those bygone years.  One of my prayers is to marry a man who shares my passion for great jazz music.  The crooners of olden days make me melt when I listen to them, so naturally I’d love to have my very own personal crooner.  The following fantasy is built around this particular dream of mine.I sat alone at a table, dressed in a flowing pink gown and white heels.  I felt beautiful and very classy in this high-end supper club.  Couples seated at surrounding tables chatted quietly or listened to the jazz ensemble providing entertainment.  Some got up to dance.  One gentleman approached and invited me onto the dance floor.  I courteously refused.  I was waiting for something special.The club emcee stepped up to the microphone and announced the evening’s main event: an old-style crooner.  Everyone applauded as a man in a tailored tuxedo walked lithely out onto the stage.  I clapped, but I also felt myself getting choked up.  My eyes were glued to this handsome man with the Italian features, deep dark eyes, and warm, brilliant smile.  That was my man.  My husband.  How proud I was of him! He had worked hard to be here tonight.The crowd settled down, the band began a snappy intro, and then the charmer on stage let out the richest, smoothest voice ever heard from a man’s throat.  It was an indescribable combination of sweetness and strength, of velvet and masculinity, and I kept very still in order not to miss a note.  His opening number was upbeat, a ‘30s song called “When Lights Are Low”.  Then followed waltzes, Broadway staples, and well-known love songs.  His persona on stage was wonderful; he moved, he expressed every line, he made eye contact with the audience, and he showed joy in his music.  I felt myself loving him more and more.  Not only was his talent so attractive, but his innate sexiness seemed to be enhanced; maybe it was his formal wear, or the ease with which he delivered the rich lyrics of each song.  I started the concert with admiration and delight; in minutes I found my temperature rising and my thoughts going in a decidedly steamy direction.  Particular gestures of his turned me on more than usual.  How could simple things like a tilted head or extended hand be so tantalizing?When I found myself imagining going up and tearing his clothes off in order to kiss all over his body, I knew I was losing my self-control.  Boy, I wanted him.  I felt like I was literally back in the 1950s, attending an elegant club where big-name musicians performed and couples in stylish attire danced amidst little lamplit tables, and the man of my dreams stood at the mic.  I wondered how many women had sat in such a setting, simmering with desire for their man, eager to leave and go somewhere private where they could let every inhibition go and ravish and be ravished.  It sounded so racy for that outwardly proper era, but I knew people had experienced desire and need all through history.I received a surprise near the end of the show when my husband did “The Most Beautiful Girl in the World” by Rodgers and Hart, singing directly to me.  I didn’t know he was planning on performing that one and it moved me as he serenaded me, oblivious to the people around us.  I’m sure my eyes glowed with love and promise, and I could see the same emotions in his.  We knew where things would be going later.As soon as he finished to an appreciative round of applause and vanished behind the curtain, I slipped away to find my way backstage.  I caught sight of him in a dimly-lit hallway.“Baby, you were magnificent!” I praised, rushing into his arms.“Oh darling, thank you!” he responded, hugging me tightly.  I lifted my head and kissed him hotly, surprising him a little.  “You were giving me quite the eye, you know that?” he joked.“I couldn’t help it,” I admitted archly, my eyes feasting on his face.  “You just made me swoon.  I can’t tell you how much I love listening to you sing.”“And I love having you as my biggest fan,” he said a little more softly, kissing my neck.“Mmm,” I sighed in enjoyment, “all those other women gushing over you out there don’t get to be this close to you.”He moved the strap of my dress to the side and nuzzled my shoulder.  My eyelids fluttered in delight.  I loved his warm mouth on my skin.  It relit the fire I’d been stoking for the past hour.“They don’t get to do this either,” and I pushed him towards a nearby door.“What…” he started.It was a dressing room.  I saw my husband’s regular clothes hanging up nearby and guessed that this was where he’d prepared for the concert.  The door had no lock, but I didn’t care.  I nipped at his bottom lip as I reached for the waist of his dress pants and found the button.“Baby, someone might…” but he didn’t finish arguing, just caught my mouth in a deep kiss.  I wrestled with his trousers and pulled them, with his boxers, down his thighs.  His hardening dick flopped out.Keeping eye contact with him, I cupped him with one hand and knelt down in front of him.  One look at his veiny cock and I was salivating.  I took a big lick of the tip and he shivered, his hands anchoring themselves unconsciously into my hair.  I’m can’t deepthroat him, but I’m learning to utilize my hands while my mouth works on him so I can pleasure his balls and crack.  I kneaded his butt cheeks and even teased his rear hole a little.  A gasp would break from his lips, or a breathy, “Oh yeah…that feels so good!” I suckled and tongued him, enjoying the clear pre-cum drooling from his cockhead.  I wanted to somehow express my desire for him and this seemed the best way.  It was raw and forthright and just what he was always wanting.  He told me often that he felt so loved and lusted after when I took command and did this to him.His groans became more frequent.  At times he was actually crying out.  I knew anyone out in the hall could hear him.  The husky male exclamations excited me.  The voice that had just minutes ago been singing to a respectable crowd was now cursing and gasping in heated pleasure, and it made my pussy throb.  I vaguely felt that my panties were moist.  Perfect for later when we got home and I could enjoy him to the hilt, literally.I massaged his balls and hummed while he was in my mouth.  That did it.  He gripped my hair and burst out, “Oh yeah…oh yeah…oh baby, you’re so good at this…oh yeah…yeah…damn it…damn…oh…my…God…” and began spurting creamy cum.  I closed my throat so it wouldn’t shoot back and make me choke, but I welcomed his seed into my mouth.  He always tasted good.  As he shook and pulsed and tried to keep his knees from buckling, I swallowed.  He got his breath after a long minute of gasping.I stood up and grinned while meeting his lips with mine.  “Taste yourself?” I asked coyly.“You little vixen…how are you so sexy? You’re wild!” he observed, smiling back and leaning against the wall while he wrapped me in his arms.“Only because I’ve got a guy that makes me wild,” I answered.I helped him get his pants buttoned and smoothed his shirt and coat.  “Good.  You look decent.  Now let’s get home so I can make you indecent.”“On the contrary, my lady,” he objected.  “It’ll be me makingyouindecent.”I chuckled.  “As if I’d say no.”