It’s move-in week and we are so excited, it’s finally here. We have been so busy packing boxes to move into our first marital home. We didn’t realize what it was going to mean for us. The entire week was full of reminiscing about times we spent fucking each other’s brains out in our original place. There were so many places in that house we spoke about. But the excitement of so many more to come in our new place had our desire peaked to the maximum.Every inch of that place had us in it. If only those walls could talk or secretly video us. We had dinner on one of our last nights sitting in our almost empty place. It was Mr. Ridley’s house he lived in and had before we were married. We only had bare essentials and a box of kinky things hidden in the garage during sale-related open houses. In that box was the first sexy outfit I used to walk around the house in before we were married.The sight of me in it back then had him tantalized and almost paralyzed from the waist down. We were sitting in the garage, talking about our sexual encounters. The box was hidden in a secret place. I put all my favorites in there. We relived all the fucking hot sessions we had in that home in such a short time. Then I realized the only possible place we haven’t fucked. We got close on many occasions before “taking it up stairs.” The last “target” was on the bench in the garage.I slipped into the tiny storage room at the back of the garage and looked for the box. Fumbling in the dark,I wastrying hard not to draw Mr. Ridleys attention to what I was doing. I was getting excited about what else could be in the box of pleasure. What would he think of me in what I was about to find, now that we were married?Mr. Ridley yelled “Are you ok back there? Need a hand?”I replied “I do need a hand but not just yet.”He giggled and said “I can more than give you my hand.”I continued on my search. We had candles burning in the garage, but it was not making it any easier to see. Then I located the box. I opened it and grabbed my strappy and very sheer lace body suit complete with crotch snaps. The entire bodice barely covered my body. It always made my tits sit up perky. My engorged nipples where on display at the highest levels of my arousal. I loved it, fitting as it did like a glove. It encapsulating all of the important and visually pleasing areas of my body.I stripped off my dress and slipped into this extremely sexy couture outfit, I walked towards the dim light flickering in the garage. Mr. Ridley had his back to me and as I entered he said swiveling his chair around slowly.“Did you find someth…” He didn’t even finish his sentence before he said “Holy fuck, babe. Look at how fucking hot you are. My God.”I walked over slowly to Mr. Ridley, I had one finger in my mouth and stood at arms length away from him to tease and make his eyes pop out of his head. And to make the eye of his cock wet with jealously of the snaps between my legs caressing and pressing firmly against my clit.Mr. Ridley said “Come here,” reaching out to me.I pulled back and said “You can’t touch yet, just look.”I walked around him seductively as my heels’ click clack echoed off the brick walls as they contacted the floor. Placing one hand on his shoulder, I walked around the back of his chair. There I dropped down, squatting, spreading my legs behind his chair as I groped his already erect and very excited cock. I spun his chair slowly as he came around to greet me. Placing my lips on him, I kissed him ever so tenderly on his cock through his shorts. Looking up, I made eye contact with him as he bit his lip and pressed his cock out towards me.I stood up, sucking on his neck, while slowly and seductively moving down his torso. Moving back down to caress his cock on the outside of his shorts, he grew bigger. I could see the tip of his cock peeping out of the waist band of his shorts. Mr. Ridley slouched in the chair, inching his cock towards me again, almost begging to be touched. He gazed up at me as I straddled him, standing over him. He thrust towards me in the chair spreading his legs as he pulled me in close, embracing me tight around my waist, trying to take control.I pushed his hands away, saying “Sorry.I’m going to have to ask you to show some respect and refrain from touching.Flicking my long blonde hair back, I stepped away to perform a much deserved lap dance. Turning away from Mr. Ridley, I exposed my ass to him, tucked tightly away under the g-string at the back. I spread my legs and rolled my body over, raising my ass and placing my arms on my knees. Then I flicked my hair to my back on my way back around, twirling my ass in a grinding movement.Mr. Ridley said “fuuuuck” as he reached between my legs. I grabbed another chair and put it in front of him. Raising my right leg and placing it on the chair, I spread my legs and ran my other hand slowly from my ankle to my snatch covered by the snaps of my body suit. I started to rub my hand on the outside of my pussy, and grabbed my tits with the other. My clit was greeted through the fabric before my fingers were saturated in my desire. I moaned in the excitement of the suspense.It was so hot to see him growing and poking out of the top of his shorts, exposing the very tip of his rockin’ hard cock.I pulled the crotch to my navy body suit to one side before slowly inserting my fingers inside of my body suit. Mr. Ridley said “fuck yeah” as he seen finger after finger disappearing inside of me. He grabbed his angry cock, he started caressing himself. I loved to watch him pleasure himself. It was HOT. What a view. Every stroke made me want to glide up and down on him.I spun the chair around and sat down spreading my legs towards him as I slouched forward in the chair bringing my face centermetres away from his hand rubbing his cock. He was rock fucking hard, he had leaked pre-cum into his shorts which made me wet, seeing the wet patch grow with every stroke made. I was slippery and so horny, my honey was leaking and my nipples were pouncing off my tits.I inched my chair closer before cupping my tits and grabbing a fist full of them, Mr. Ridley let out a quiet “ohh yeah” as I got closer I picked up the pace and started to finger fuck myself leaning back on my other arm on the chair, sticking my tits out and spreading my legs as far as I could giving him a tantalising view, he gazed upon my hand slipping in and out of me, unable to do anything but feast his eyes on me. “Keep going, I’m loving the show baby”The head of his cock still called out my name as it peeped out of the top of his shorts. He had me wanting him inside me. I rolled the chair over towards him, and slipped my other hand up the leg of his shorts to grope his sack. Pulling him in closer, I threw each of my legs over his. This left a safe but dangerous distance and almost perfect diamond shape between our legs.I pulled myself up to standing straddled over him and started to dance. Bringing his face inline with my navel, I ground myself up against him, leaving only a few centimetres between us. Rubbing his head and guiding it towards me, I lowered myself to his crotch almost touching the tip of his cock with my entrance. Then I rolled my body up against him, pressing his face into my double DD perky tits for him to take them in his lips through the material.He feasted on me giving them the attention they deserved, I turned away and sat on his lap wriggling my ass around on his hard dick. His hand crept around to my sweet spot and he whispered “oh fuck yeah” as he felt my saturated excitement whilst kissing my back and side of my neck before grabbing my tits and pushing me down towards his cock letting it pop out between my legs. I started to stroke his length making the excitement build. He was leaking almost as much as I was. I released his cock and, wow, it looked so hot. Especially when I looked down to see him tantalising my clit with every thrust. I took him in my hand and worked over his length. He slipped into my top, squeezing my nipples and caressing my tits.Mr. Ridley whispered “l want you…. fuck” I ignored him, he then slipped his hand under the snaps and felt my desire. He said “your more than ready” “let me” “come on I can’t take it” as he inserted his middle fingers deep within me… twisting and calling me with come here gestures deep in me. Meanwhile I was pumping him with my hand twisting my hand up and down before taking my other hand and rolling the palm around his sensitive head. This made him twitch, and moan thrusting towards my hand in ecstasy. He was slippery and enjoying my hand slipping all over his engorged cock, he was showing me how much by pushing himself against me as it twitched in my hand.My body suit did not leave much to the imagination. I turned back around to face him before lowering myself to my knees to finish releasing his shorts. He was worked up leaking with desire and ready, this made me hornier than ever seeing and feeling his excitement. I rose to my feet as he started to kiss my stomach and fondle my pussy through the fabric he started to feast on my tits, sucking and grabbing them as they glided in and out of his mouth,before letting them free by tucking the bodess under them, making my tanned peaks look irresistible as his fingers continued to dance across my engorged clit.Before long his face was between my legs, and his other hand cupped my ass. He poked his fingers under my g-string, teasing me through the mesh covering my vagina. His head was still buried between my legs, tasting my wetness. He stood up and faced me, holding my face with both hands, and kissed me harder, pressing his rod against me. As we kissed we were both starting to moan in between each breath. He lifted my leg and grabbed my ass as he embraced me around my waist.I started to strip him down, throwing his clothes on the floor of the garage. His biceps and pecks were sweaty and tasted ever so nice as I licked and sucked him wrapping my hand around his cock pumping him with my hand before popping him in my watering mouth.Mr. Ridley said “Ooooohhhh baby, ooh that’s my girl” as I licked his shaft. Cupping his balls, I sucked them before wrapping both hands on his rod. I twisted them in different directions to tantalize him. With my mouth slipping, I moed my hand to pump him in and out of my mouth. The blood ran to the head of his cock and pre-cum dribbled into my mouth. I love that sweet before taste.He lifted me into his arms with his bulging hard biceps, and laid me along his work bench ready for the walls of my pussy to cling around his tool. My legs were hanging off the end of the long bench, he lifted my ass cheeks and moved my g to the side and ploughed his fingers deep within me twisting them as he pulled them in and out whilst licking and sucking hard on my clit. I arched my back pressing myself into his face as he grabbed and squeezed my tits.Mr. Ridley lowered himself to go deeper with his hands, swirling his tongue around, and sucking harder and harder on me. I raised my legs, placed my feet on the bench, and let my legs fall to the side. This spread my legs further. There was moaning coming from within me, the sucking was intense and about to send a gush between my legs. Mr. Ridley was fumbling, feeling for the snaps as he licked me out.“POP, POP, POP” clicked the snaps as he broke their connection saying “ohhh yeah there you are.” He started to run his tongue along my inner lips and around my clit, slipping it in and out of me before entering his fingers, he spread my legs and started to caress my leaking pussy aching for him.The friction intensified as he was licking, sucking, and pumping his beautiful fingers in and out. He was twisting them, and making me pant.“Oh oh ohhh yeah oh fuck yeah baby, finger me, yes yes, oh I want you, don’t stop. I’m going to cum on you.”He said “Cum. I want you to, over and over, it’s hot.”I reached an intense orgasm lifting myself up on his fingers as I lost control, moaning “ohhhhh fuuuucck.”He stood up and hovered over me, not losing contact with me, as he started to withdraw his cock. I sat up on the bench, took him in both of my hands, and worked over his length. Twisting my hands firmly up and down his shaft,  I kissed him hard. Mr. Ridley was so turned on he began to finger me again.He was moaning through our kisses, “ohhhh that felt amazing.” He pulled me in closer to his body, guiding his rod to my entrance, where I begged him to be.“I want your cock deep in me, please fuck me!”As the words left my lips, I could feel his cock expand in my handHe mumbled, somewhat breathless, “You better…..oh…..stop…..if you want that, I’m close. Ohhh yeah fuck, ah ah ahhh awwww.”His cock began to twitch, and before it was too late, he quickly released himself from my grip. He pulled me closer and rubbed my clit with his fingers. The head of his cock rolled over my opening.He panted in my ear, “I want your tight little snatch.”He took his time, kissing and caressing me with his hands and inserting each inch of his massive cock slowly. I wanted to be rammed! The blood rushing to his cock made it even harder. He was on the edge of cumming, and so I had to be patient, but I couldn’t. We passionately kissed while his cock rested in the embrace of my tight snatch only for a few seconds. I couldn’t wait, I wanted it so much. Him telling me how close he was made me want to take the opportunity to make him cum.I started swirling my ass and grinding myself up and down on him. Iwanted us on our way to another passion filled and intense fuck.He said “I need a sec baby, I want to fuck more.”I reached between my legs, rubbing my clit, as I pumped up and down, humping him. That got him going. He started to finger fuck me again, pumping me hard. I threw my head back and worked over my clit as he started feasting on my perky titties. They were also fucking horny, sensitive he loooovvvveeed them bouncing in his face. He raised one of his legs onto the ledge, ready to insert his cock dripping, with wet desire. He ever so slowly entered his rod by sliding between my sweet lip to pound me deep.“Ohhh yeah eh eh ehhh ah, cum on me!!! I need to feel you cum.” he whispered.He grabbed my ass with both hands as we kissed and slowly entered his thick horny cock deep in me. Again the door bell rang. Everything come to a screaming halt. I asked if we should answer it, and he said NO. And then he started to fucking me harder. Our garage was underneath the house close to the front door. It was so hot knowing someone was there, potentially listening. We kept going as he rammed and fucked me harder. I was so wet.I wrapped my legs around his waist and squeezed him tight with my legs and muscles of my pussy. Sweating and breathless, the door bell rang again. This sent him driving deep in me. I was trying so hard not to cum, and to be quiet but I could not hold out. It was hot and intense I could feel it building and about to happen.I whispered to Mr. Ridley, “I’m going to cuuumm, don’t stop.”He increased his pace slightly. The words “Fuck yeah, that’s it, mmmmm” escaped my lips. The garage echoed “Oh god, I’m going to cum baby, slow down.”I could not remain quiet for long. Biting down on my lip. I looked deep into his eyes as he give me deep slow strokes. We both thrusted against one another, panting with desire to finish.The door bell rang again “Ignore it.” Mr. Ridley said “Keep going, it’s too good to stop.” I laid down on my back on the bench to catch my breath. He continued to devour my pussy groping my tits firmly and rubbing my clit hard and fast.I sat up and inched my ass to the edge of the table as he punished me for stopping.“Ooooohhh yeah, that’s it, let me fuck you” Mr. Ridley demanded.I grabbed him around his neck as he drove in me deeper and deeper, sending deep vibrations between my legs. I held on as he held my waist and rubbed his body firmly up mine. As I was on the edge of another orgasm, the door bell rang once more. Then footsteps came to the side door. I warned him someone was there.He said “Let them listen”. “Oh fuck” he said “I can feel you’re going to cum again.”I screamed as loud as I could “Oh yeahhhh….I’m going to cum.”He replied “ohhhhh fuck really.”I moaned “yes, yesss oh yeah.”“Cum baby” he said, as he kissed me passionately.We were sending wet kissing and fucking sounds to echo through the walls. I pulled away screaming as I gushed cum leaking my orgasm all over the bench.“Yesssssss that’s it oh fuck mmmmmm.”Mr. Ridley kept going pumping in and out fast, I was starting to slip in my love leaking from me. Mr. Ridley rose to the occasion. He loved seeing me so turned on that got him going when I begged him,“Fill me up, I want you, cum.”He said “I’m going to cum again really soon if you keep that up.” And then, “Don’t worry, I am going to fill you up.” His cock disappeared inside me.There was another noise outside, as someone tried to open the door.“Keep going,” he said, “let them come and enjoy our show.”I loved the view of his cock being eaten up by the walls of my vagina. Watchinghis shaft darting in and out in me, pumping faster and faster, really got me going. He grabbed my tits like handles and pumped his length in me hard.“Here it cums, get ready.” He said, as we entered another orgasm.I screamed “Cum, cum with me.”Mr. Ridley replied “Don’t stop, yeah ohhhh yeah fuck mmmmm eh eh ah ahhh ohhhhh” as he started to twitch. And so did I.“Oh God, deeper, that’s it… oh ohhhhh ooooohhhh yeah oh yesssss” as we both released cum everywhere.We caught our breath before he exited my dripping wet vagina. We kissed and slowly still fucked each other, letting everything ooze out of me. Another knock at the door, and a voice said “You there, mate?”. We ignored it, and continued to thrust slowly in and out, kissing and caressing for at least 5 minutes. Mr. Ridley then exited me, his cock still hard. He said he was ready to go again. I giggled and said ok!!We stood up and cuddled and chatted. I asked if he thought they heard us? Mr. Ridley wondered how could they not. It was so disrespectful, he noted, them trying to disrupt a clearly intense fuck session. He also said he would personally thank them for heating things up by persistently ringing the door bell and knocking.He said he would tell them “ I hoped you enjoyed our sex filled orchestra echoing,” while you stood and listened.We recovered and headed to the shower before we went about our day.  But the passion and connection lingered between us all day that day. And we enjoyed more moments alone in our house before moving out. It was hot making sure we covered every inch of that place. I wish I had more energy to write the other encounters we experienced next for you to enjoy.They should include “Our new year bang”, “Bang into the new year (sequel)”,  “Supercharged Cylinders”, “Cum Back to Bed”, “Desire Peaks Again”, “Sex Across the Threshold”, “Peaked Desire”, and  “Heat in the Hotel Room”. Can’t wait!