My wife, Lacy, and I went to a birthday party for my friend, Steve. Lacy was reluctant to go; she dreaded being around Steve’s wife (and my ex), Stacy. It also didn’t help that we would be sleeping at their house, as the celebration was expected to last late into the evening. But Steve is one of my best buds. I’d have hated to let him down.And while Stacy can be a pain, let me be clear that Lacy has NOTHING to be afraid of when it comes to her—I am with the wife of my dreams, as I believe was God’s plan for us, and I tell her so frequently. But Stacy knows she can get to Lacy with her “innocent” comments about our past, and she does flirt with me more than she should, even though I don’t respond in kind. I feel embarrassed for Steve sometimes when she acts like that, but I won’t let it come between my friend and me. And I ask Lacy not to let someone else’s behavior come between her and me, either.That night, Lacy’s response to Stacy’s remarks involved a few too many glasses of wine. The evening wore on until it was very late and only we and one other couple, Mike and Anna, remained at Steve and Stacy’s place. Stacy made a dig that proved to be the last straw for Lacy; they both started screaming at one another. Lacy soon stormed off toward the stairs in a very tipsy and emotional state, so of course, I followed her.As Lacy stomped up the stairs, she grumbled angrily. Apparently, she was mad at me, probably for asking her to come there in the first place. But when she stumbled to her hands and knees and her skirt rode up, I could only stare at the glimpse of her sexy bare ass it afforded me.Lacy looked back and saw me grinning at her predicament. She quickly tugged her hem over her ass, mumbling that I wasn’t getting it or anything else that night. She wobbled again when she reached the top of the stairs, and I nabbed her before she could tumble back down them.“Oh, my hero!” Lacy said in her best sarcastic, Stacy-mocking voice.I lifted her into my arms and carried her into our bedroom. Lacy was more of a firecracker that night than I’d never seen her before. She pummeled my shoulders the whole way until I put her down in the guest bedroom. Then, when I turned to leave, she snapped, “What, you’re just going to leave me here and go find that whore again?”At that, I knew she was way beyond reasoning. So rather than argue in our hosts’ home, I opened the door and stepped out to let her cool down or maybe sleep it off. When I got downstairs, Stacy apologized (under duress, I suspect), then went off with Anna while the guys and I had another beer.After about thirty minutes, I went back to check on Lacy. She rose from the bed when I entered, seemingly calmer and steadier—and somewhat embarrassed.“I’m sorry for letting her get to me,” she said. “If you want to stay, I’ll be a good girl now.” Then Lacy gave me a bashful little smile as she dropped her skirt to show me her shaven pussy with a heart-shaped landing strip on top. “You like my smooth pussy? I shaved it just for you, baby.”I was astonished! Lacy would never shave before; she thought it made her look too young. She was also against it because Stacy once told her that I made her shave smooth for me. (The woman really has no tact.) This surprise showed clearly that Lacy had planned for a better ending to our night than an argument.“Mmmm, youdolike it, don’t you, baby?” Lacy said, rubbing her mound. Her glistening lips peeked out as they swelled with hopeful excitement. She took a step or two backward and perched on the edge of a small writing desk, rubbing and fingering as I slowly moved to stand between her open legs and watch her work her hairless pussy over.When Lacy reached to grab at my cock, I pushed her hand aside and shook my head no. I didn’t want the distraction from the show in front of me: Lacy panted and moaned loudly, her hand slapping against her pussy.“Ooooh, I’m cumming…” she cried.Moments later, I took her slowing hand and sucked her cummy fingers, making her moan. Then she tried to press her pussy against my bulging cock, begging wordlessly—so dang hot and sexy!I collected Lacy’s other hand with the first in one of my palms, stretched them over her head, and pinned them to the wall. With my free hand, I then unfastened my pants and pulled out my aching cock. Lacy’s eyes fixed on it for a long moment before rising to mine, shimmering with wanton lust.Slowly, I lowered my mouth closer to hers. Just as our lips were about to meet, I thrust hard and fully into her soaked pussy, making her cry out. Then I began to pull out slowly and push back in hard. Lacy gasped against my open mouth in time with each bang of the desk against the wall, and a groan accompanied each withdrawal. Soon. Lacy’s body and pussy spasmed again, and hot juice gushed with each thrust.Letting go of Lacy’s hands, I scooped her legs up with my forearms, and Lacy’s hands against the desk as I lifted her ass off the surface and continued to drive hard and deep. Still shaking and squeezing my shaft inside her, she begged me to cum.But I was nowhere near orgasm yet, so I turned to the bed and dropped Lacy onto the mattress. My body followed hers forward, and my arms, still under her knees, braced against the bedspread so I didn’t crush her beneath me. They forced her legs back, and as I resumed the pounding strokes, I watched her tits bounce between her thighs.Lacy moaned, her eyes glassing over in ecstasy. As her pussy spasmed again, I pulled out and felt her fluids fountain against my belly. I smiled down at her, then rolled her face down, running my fingers through her wild tresses and down her back before pulling her hips upward to set her on her knees. As I plunged into her again, she reached back with both hands, and I grasped them with my own to pull her upper body off the bed. Now the underside of my cock ran firmly along her pubic ridge, and I felt my orgasm build. Moaning and thrusting full force, I let my cock powerfully release into my gorgeous, sexy, perfect-for-me lover.As weakness flooded over me, I let go of Lacy’s arms. She fell forward to the bed, trembling as my cum dripped from her well-used pussy. When I climbed on the bed and lay on my back beside her, she rose to her elbows and rubbed my cummy cock with her lips, looking up at me with that finally-I’m-satisfied smile. Then she opened her mouth, took my soft member in her mouth, and cleaned it with her tongue and a suction just gentle enough for my over-sensitive cock. I stroked her hair as she ministered to me, hoping it conveyed to her how very much I love and appreciate all she does for—and with—me.