I’d like to start off by saying that, as you’ve probably noted from various comments of mine, open exhibitionism or voyeurism without explicit consent from all parties is not a turn-on for me. I’ve worked in the mental healthcare sector, as well as security, and I’ve dealt with flashers and exhibitionist masturbators in both of those lines of work. Those experiences annoyed me more than aroused me.With that preface out of the way, I’ve always found auditory exhibitionism and voyeurism arousing. Hearing others make love in an adjacent hotel room, or being aware that others can hear me and Vanessa, is a major turn-on, and doesn’t strike me as deviant or wrong or sinful. Throughout most of history, humans lived in very close quarters and likely overheard each other’s sexual pleasure on a daily basis.The most extreme fantasy of mine, though, takes things a step beyond that. I would love to passionately take my wife in a private setting, in front of consenting adults. I would want them to be vetted people I can feel comfortable with. I’d also want them to honor and respect my wife.She is beautiful, but is a heavy girl. She was somewhat leaner when we met, but she currently has a very similar body type to the late Worship singer Mandisa, who was beautiful as well, but had struggles with her weight and health. I love my wife very much, and would want to know that those watching would appreciate her beauty for what it is, and not be inclined to mock or look down on her for her size as they see her body without any clothing.I would love to express our love mutually in the most intimate ways as others watched. It would only add to the fire if those watching began masturbating and having their own orgasms, or else having sex with their own spouses. I would not want any “swinging” or orgies to occur. Just enjoying the effects of the erotic sights, sounds, and sexual energy on our bodies and appreciating the results.I’ve shared this fantasy with Vanessa once, and told her I sometimes imagine it while we are making love, and it makes the sex feel even more intense for me. She said, “I don’t see anything wrong with that.” I told her I wish there was a way to fulfill it someday—not that I necessarily ever will—and in response, she gave me a naughty smile.Another similar fantasy I’ve had since my youth was to be consensually watched by others as I treasured, touched, explored, and brought my own body to a slow, building, edging orgasm. To see and hear their arousal in response to mine, and to watch them begin to enjoy themselves as well. I have never acted on this fantasy, but still occasionally imagine it when I masturbate alone, such as when my wife and I are temporarily apart.Once again, I am not talking here about online porn, or public exhibitionism either. And I’m definitely not talking about orgies or “swinging”. I’m merely fantasizing about highly erotic, but very controlled and vetted settings where people touch themselves or stimulate their partners in a private setting, together, and enjoy all the sights and sounds as it mutually increases the arousal in the room.Have any of you ever fantasized in similar ways? Have any of you ever experienced something like this? I admit, rather shyly, that it is something on my bucket list, even though I may not ever truly experience it.