It was a Friday night when I picked up my wife. I hadn’t seen her for a week and a half.Whenever she is gone like this, I try to hold off masturbating until I can’t stand it anymore. I’ll text her and tell her how I am feeling. I’ll tell her how hard my dick is for her. What she has done to me. I’ll describe it and tell her how engorged it is. Plump and purple head, full veins highlighting a muscled up shaftthat is always proud to know her.She likes watching guys jack off. Not guys now that we are married, of course. It gets her going seeing me pump my cock, wrapped in my fingers. I’ll tell her it hurts, it aches, how hard it is for her. She will text back, “I’m trying to concentrate here! You’re distracting me!” One time, she reminded me she was at her women’s Bible study. That was funny.Driving home, we were flirting. I played with her jean covered knee and thigh, off and on. Occasionally, I’d slide all the way up. I love that her jeans are thinner than mine. I can clearly feel her lips. It gets frustrating having to be responsible and drive safely at 60+ mph while wanting to undress your wife at the same time.The drive is mostly interstate highway driving. Driving around big cities instead of through them.The last half of the drive was more relaxed as the driving got more familiar and less hectic. The 9:30 pm darkness and our sexual banter had been heating up the car. I had her pants unbuttoned, unzipped, and down a few inches on her hips. She was telling me I didn’t realize how horny I got her while she was away. She just kept watching me masturbate, in her mind.About 25 minutes from home I told her I could take her right now, in jest. She said, “Let’s do it.” I made sure she knew what she was saying. Pulling over right here, on a state highway? She said yes.It was a main state highway everyone knew, and used. Two lanes going north and two going south. Separated by a pretty big, grassy median.I eyeballed the landscape as best I could in the night. That’s what I was looking for, night, no lights. We just passed a row of houses, set off the road, and came into a spot of just black. Traffic was not thick, but it was there. I started to shake with nerves and arousal as I slowed the car and pulled over on the shoulder. Yes, traffic just feet away from us. That shoulder.As we slowed, my wife began removing her jeans and panties. I came to a stop, turned the car off, and the lights followed. The car shook as traffic zipped past. I put the seat back down as far as I could. My wife was getting shoes off and pulling her pants and undies off as I unbuttoned and unzipped. I got my pants and briefs down to my thighs. We sat there looking at each other for just a split second, it felt like we had all the time in the world. I was hard. She was bottomless, in socks.She carefully slipped over to me. Maneuvering the console, placing her left knee on my right, then her right knee on my left. Our faces met with open mouths. Her hands grasped my ears as mine spread her open. Tongues licked and lapped as she feistily would come in for a sloppy kiss then back up to look me in the eyes, then hungrily coming back for more, again, then again. She was in heat. She lowered herself and I guided. My plump bulbed out mushroom head dipped into the spot, slipping in just the head then pulling back out. I held her lips open as I dipped in a little deeper, then out, again. Then again, until I coated my cock with her slick liquid.Cars whipped by. Our vehicle shook and shimmied every time. She sat down on me as I slipped all the way into her. She gasped, unlocking our mouths, and slid back resting on my balls. Mashing down on me as she slid, up then back, sliding and rocking. She let out another gasp. She ran her clit down on me as she slid. Her eyes were closed. With every change in direction, she savored my dick up in her  She didn’t hop or come up off me. She was just squeezing and sliding up, then back. Her eyes came back to me. Her grinding quickened, shifting into another gear. She caught her breath with a startled jolt and leaned down where her nose just touched mine. A semi went by shaking us in its wind. She ground down harder with another jolt in her breath. Another gear faster.She was boss now.Her rhythm kept at this speed as she ached in her voice! Bucking and grinding simultaneously. Her breath became choppy with every thrust. My rod was snapping and slapping inside her as she hit in one direction then in the other. It was all I could do to hold on. I felt my orgasm start pounding on the door to be let out. Her head tucked into her hair as she rode with vigor. Tension was visibly mounting in her. She panted and panted until silence. She held her breath tight. Keeping up her time. All I heard was the night air, our muffled friction, and a car speeding by.She started to quiver, shaking the car as she rode! As her face snapped back into view, she came. She opened her mouth as if suffocating, and then pressed her breath back when she came hard. Quivers turned to shakes. Shakes turned to quakes. I came, erupting deep inside her. I felt her juices coat my cock just before I shot my hot load, splashing into her. She clamped her hands onto my chest and locked her elbows pushing herself up. A great gasping oooh let loose the breath she was holding! All that was moving was her hips sloshing our genitals back and forth!I humped and stiffened up into her as gush after gush spit out of me. We both rode the razor scraping tingles and tickles of our cum mingling dance as her pussy slopped me up, swallowing my rock hard dick. Violently exchanging fluids for just a few seconds, we exhausted our energy into each other. We collapsed, and shivered as orgasmic shudders came and went. Traffic passed and made the car wobble.My cock started to soften. She rolled off, dripping on the console. I had a cum glazed dick. We gathered our selves. Turned on the car, then the defrost. Rolled down the window to see.I zipped and buttoned as she stepped into her panties. I was pulling away as she was getting feet into jeans. Now, every time we drive by that spot. We look at each other. I’ll sometimes say, “It was right about here, in this spot.” We always smile.