This post contains strong language (L).Some of my (Elizabeth’s) favorite sexual memories come from the times we’ve gotten pregnant.When we first got pregnant, we had been trying for a while and enjoyed that process very much. The Wednesday before Thanksgiving, my husband had to help set up for our church’s get-togetherandparticipate in choir practice. Timothy was there all day while I stayed home.I had felt very horny all day.When I woke up, my pussy was already soaked, and I had left a damp spot on our bed. (Timothy and I had recently started sleeping naked and loved it.) Though he had to leave early to attend to responsibilities, I had slept in and couldn’t help but start masturbating. I was desperate for my husband but knew he wouldn’t be home till late, so I gave myself an orgasm and finally got up. I had a lot of laundry to do anyway and also decided to clean the house. I wanted to surprise my husband when he got home. We hadn’t had sex for about a week, and I expected I wasn’t the only one feeling it.As dinner time approached, I took a shower. I shaved my legs and all the hair above my mound; I’d treat Timothy to a completely smooth pussy tonight. The water hitting my naked body turned me on and had me craving my husband even more. I took the showerhead down and put it right up to my throbbing clit, masturbating in the shower.After I came again, I got out of the shower and dried off. No sweats pants and top tonight! I entered my closet and grabbed one of my husband’s favorite lingerie sets:a black corset and matching lace-up panties.*Just then, my husband called.“Hey, baby, I’m leaving church. You wanna get takeout for dinner?”“Yeah, sure. That sounds good.” I said, admiring the outfit in the bathroom mirror. He was sure to love it.“How about Chinese?” he asked.“Perfect.”“Okay, I’ll be home in a few with dinner. I love you.”“Love you too,”I said as casually as I could.While I waited for him to get home, I applied a little lipstick. Then I sat on the bed and waited for him to arrive. One eternity later, he opened the door. I quickly lay onmy stomach and looked out the bedroom door.“Hey, babe, I’m home.” He walked in and set the food on the kitchen table. “Honey? Where are you?”“I’m in here,” I said in a seductive voice.Timothy walked in and saw his sexy wife perched up on our bed in his favorite lingerie set. He hadn’t seen me in this set for a while.“Wow.”“Welcome home, honey.” I smiled.“What brought this on?” He walked closer to me.“Well, baby…” He got close enough that I could touch his penis inside his jeans. “I’ve been so horny today. I’ve missed you,” I said while I rubbed his growing dick.“I’ve missed you, too.” He said, simultaneously palming my asscheek.“Well, get up here and fuck your horny wife, baby.”Timothy didn’t need to be told twice. He jumped on the king-size bed, got on top of me, and began kissing like horny teens.“Oh, I’ve missed this,” Timothy said as he pulled my corset off and began to suck on her nipples. I moaned like crazy. Timothy loves playing with my boobs, and I love it, too.Timothy put his hand down in between my legs and felt her wetness. “Oh, God, you’re so wet, baby.”“Mm-hmmm. I’m wet for you, baby. I need you.”Timothy turned over, and I pulled off my panties and got on top of him, facing his feet. I sat right on his face, and he began eating me out. Moaning, I bent forward, pulled his boxers off, and started sucking his erection. We continued to sixty-nine like this for a while until I had a body-shaking orgasm.“Oh, fuck… baby, I want you in me.” I stopped sucking Timothy’s dick and got on top of him. Then I guided his dick into my pussy, moaning as it expanded my walls.“Oh, damn, girl. Your pussy feels amazing.”We began to kiss as I started bouncing on his dick, faster and faster with each passing minute.“Oh, god! Baby, I love your dick. You fuck me so well.” I started to squeal as we continued to slam together. A few minutes later, I paused and asked, “You want doggy, baby?”“Absolutely.” Instantly, Timothy turned me over as I laughed and moaned.“Oh, baby, that was sexy,” I said with a smirk.“Oh, yeah?” He smacked my ass.Timothy found his rhythm and started pounding me from behind. We were both so close to orgasm.“Oh god, baby, I’m cumming….. OH, FUUUUUCK, I’M CUMMING!” I had another orgasm, my body asking while Timothy continued to fuck me.“I’m getting close.” He moaned as he continued to thrust.“Oh yeah, baby. That’s it. Fuck me, baby. I want your cum in me.”“Yeah? You want my cum, baby?” He smacked my ass again.“Yes! Please, give me all your cum.”“AHGHHH. Ohhhh, fuck…” Timothy stopped thrusting as he came deep in my pussy.As we cuddled afterward, Timothy softened and fell asleep. The Chinese food would have to wait.A few weeks later, I found out we were finally pregnant!We hope you enjoyed this story. God Bless, and Stay Horny.* This is an affiliate link.Full affiliate disclosure here.