Lacy and I areout to dinner with a few other young married couples, something we do once a month or so. It’s always awkward when Steve and his wife Stacy are there because  Stacy and I dated in high school. We began to get serious in 7th grade, started dating the summer heading into 9th grade, and were having sex by the start of school. We were the stereotypical “most popular” kids: I was the football and wrestling star, and Stacy was the head cheerleader and star of all the school plays. We were also Prom King and Queen our senior year. All the while, Lacy was also a good friend who wanted more from me but knew she wouldn’t give me everything Stacy was.Senior year after our football championship loss, I lost my parents in a car accident. I took it hard, and my anger affected every relationship I had. I was drinking and partying hard, not doing well in school or in general.  Stacy and I broke up around Easter that year, mainly because I got too aggressive and demanding sexually with her and was not at all respectful.Lacy was there for me. She got me to start attending church with her and encouraged me to seek Christian counseling to deal with the grief. Eventually, we enrolled in a community college together. I’d lost my scholarship to a state college, but Lacy encouraged me to enroll in our community college with her, and I made their football team as a walk-on. Through my involvement in church, Lacy and I became close and started seriously dating as a couple after a year. We married two years later, right at the start of covid and quarantine. I’m not complaining, though; it made for a prolonged and amazing honeymoon.Stacy married Steve this past Christmas, and they have become good friends with us. But Lacy still gets a little jealous when we are around them, and Stacey makes me feel awkward with her occasional remarks about our past. I don’t think she means to; she’s just gregarious to a fault and holds nothing back, which can lead to being untactful and oblivious to others’ boundaries.That brings me to our couples’ night out, where Stacy is wearing a tight dress that leaves little to the imagination. I’d be lying if I said I didn’t get a flashback of having her body to myself.On the upside, Lacy is hanging all over me, which I don’t mind one bit. She’s usually reserved in public—maybe a little more so than I’d like. But tonight, she whispers sexual things in my ear as we sit at the bar, waiting for our table, and I get very aroused. Lacy notices and steps in front of me to bump and rub her ass against my hard-on. It’s very much outside her nature, but I greatly enjoy it.Finally, the hostess leads the group to our table, and Steve and Stacy sit across from us. Stacy’s low-cut dress offers a big eyeful of her ample cleavage. But Lacy squeezes and rubs my hard-on under the table and whispers, “Remember, I gave you this, not her.” I reach to place my hand on her thigh, but she pushes it away with a grin and kisses my cheek. Under the table, though, Lacy continues to rub me till I’m straining the seam of my jeans.I choke on my drink when I feel Lacy adeptly unbutton my jeans and pull my zipper down under the tablecloth. Then she reaches in and pulls out my cock.Her soft, warm hand feels terrific as she slides it up and down my hard-on. We all laugh and joke while Lacy strokes me off with a deliberate rhythm.Meanwhile, my breathing quickens, and I start to throb; it’s difficult not to lose my cool in front of everyone. I place a hand over Lacy’s and give her “the look.” But she just grins and slides her napkin off the table. It lands in my lap just in time to catch the cum jetting out while I chug my beer to disguise the convulsions.Once I’m done cumming, Lacy pulls the napkin up and brings it to her mouth as if to wipe her lips. But as I watch, she winks and takes a lick of my cum from between the folds. Then she excuses herself to the bathroom and, when she returns, leans toward my ear and surreptitiously tucks her damp panties into my hand.“You made me cum without even touching me!” she whispers.Our orders arrive, and Lacy proceeds to play gently with my cock all through dinner. By the time the checks come, I have another hard-on. We pay our share; then Lacy asks if I’m about ready to leave—she’s suddenly “not feeling her best.” I quickly refasten my pants, and we excuse ourselves.Once outside, Lacy and I are all over each other, making out like teenagers all the way to the car. I open her door and help her to sit, but she doesn’t put her legs in the car. Instead, she pulls me between her knees to quickly undo my pants and shove my semi-hard cock into her mouth. Lacy sucks me harder and faster than she has ever done, and she’s moaning and enjoying it, something she’s never really done before. But she is very eager tonight.My hard-on is raging again when we hear voices in the parking lot. So Lacy quickly gets in the car, lays the seat back, and lifts her dress. Then she pulls me in on top of her and promptly grabs my hard-on to line me up, andI slide into her hot, slippery pussy. Her hands grab my ass, pulling as she begs me to fuck her hard and fast.I do as she asks without hesitation, making her yelp with each pounding thrust. It doesn’t take long for Lacy’s pussy to begin pulsing around my cock. Her body trembles as an orgasm washes through her body, and her cream flows out around my cock while I continue fucking her hard!After several more thrusts, I bury myself deep inside her and deposit another load, this time filling her pussy rather than her napkin.As I collapse on top of Lacy, Steve and Stacy walk by. Steve thumps the hood with a loud laugh, startling me, and Lacy stares daggers. Once they leave, I climb off my sexy wife and go around to the driver’s seat.“Take me home, please,” Lacy says with a sexy smile. “And please don’t think less of me, but I like how I behaved!”I squeeze her leg and tell her that  I LOVE how she behaved!