For Valentines Day this year, my wife bought us a couple’s book with several sexy activities to do together.  The activities are hidden with just their titles showing and you have to scratch them off to see what it is.The book came a few days early, but that night as we were playing a card game and watching a show, Deb asked me if I wanted to try one of the things in the book.  That was a no brainer for me!  She grabbed the book and we started flipping through and reading the titles.  Some seemed obvious as to what they might entail, but others had us puzzled.Deb settled on one titled, “Hold This.”  I pointed out that that one was on a “For Her Eyes Only” page, which meant it was something that she would just perform for me, but she said she didn’t have a problem with that.  I told her if she didn’t want to do it after she read it, then we could pick a different one.She scratched it off and said, “Okay, I’ll do this one.”  She hopped up from the couch and told me to stand up and take my shirt off.  Then she went into the kitchen.I heard a cupboard open and then the sink running.  She came back in holding two mugs, and she had a sexy smile on her face.  She was wearing just a sports bra and exercise shorts because she had done a workout video earlier.“You’re going to love this,” she said.  “Here, hold one of these in each hand.”  She handed me the mugs, which were each pretty full of water.  She told me to hold them out to the side, and I wasn’t allowed to put them down.Then Deb stood in front of me and put both of her hands inside my athletic shorts and boxers.  She squeezed my semi-hard penis tightly, then started pumping it with one hand.  With her other hand, she massaged my balls and rolled them around with her fingers.  She continued this for about a minute, and then she lowered the waistbands of my shorts and underwear so that my now-hard penis jumped out.  She pumped it hard a couple more times before she pulled my shorts and underwear all the way down to my ankles.  I was having a very difficult time not spilling the water!Deb then got down on her knees.  She lifted her bra over her breasts and threw it on the floor.  Then, grabbing hold of the base of my penis, she kissed the tip before slowly sliding it into her mouth.  She sucked it in, pulled out to just the head, and the sucked it in again.  After she did this a few times, she started swirling her tongue around it.I started shaking, and some water spilled out and splashed her arm.  She pulled my dick out of her mouth and laughed.“You better focus!” she said.“I’m trying, but this is hard!” I responded.“No,thisis hard,” she said as she licked the tip of my penis.  Then she sat up tall on her knees and wrapped her very large breasts around my  cock.  She pumped it up and down and licked the tip every time it came up to her mouth.  Then she sucked on the head again with her breasts squeezed tightly around the shaft. Afterward, she lowered back down and began sucking hard again.After a couple more minutes, she pulled back and started jerking me off.  “I hope you’re getting close.  My mouth is getting tired,” she said.  “Your penis is so big.”“Oh, stop,” I said.“You know it’s big,” she said.  “You just like hearing it.”“You’re right, I do,” I said with a smile.“It’s huge, and my jaw is hurting, so you need to decide how you want to finish.  We can go in the bedroom, or I can finish you off here.  I’m good either way,” she said.She had been stroking me fast during this conversation, and I knew I wouldn’t last much longer.  I told her I didn’t think I could make it to the bedroom.“Okay,” she said, “you can put the cups down now so you don’t dump water all over me while you cum.”I put the mugs down, and after a couple more strokes with her hand she slipped my penis back in her mouth. She grabbed the backs of my thighs with both hands and swirled her tongue around the head of cock again.“Oh, God, I’m close,” I said.“Cum in my mouth,” she said quickly before continuing to suck and bob her head back and forth.  “Cum,” she said again, looking into my eyes.I reached out and put my hands on her shoulders as I unloaded rope after rope of my semen in her mouth.  It started trickling out of her mouth as I finally finished.  Then I collapsed onto the chair behind me as she went to clean up.When Deb came back out, I still had my shorts around my ankles.  “Good thing you put those cups down, or I’d be soaked,” she said.  “I hope you still have enough energy to help me out later.”