(L) – This story contains strong language.The pull toward Alec was magnetic, a gravitational force that I couldn’t resist. But I knew I had to hold back, his family wasn’t big on public displays of affection.Yet, as I sit and talk with my sister-in-law, my eyes keep being drawn to him like a moth to a flame. When I catch his dark green gaze locked onto me from across the living room, a shiver runs down my spine. He has a power over me that I can’t deny, one that ignites a fire within me.My breath catches in my throat and I cross my legs, feeling a growing wetness between them. We’ve only been married for three weeks and all I can think about is wanting him to ravish me and fulfill my desires. And he knows it too. He knows that I’m wearing a skirt with no panties, hoping he’ll take the hint and unleash his pent-up desire upon me. What has happened to me?As his sister continues talking, I try to focus on the conversation at hand, but then I see Alec walking towards us. He places a hand on mine and asks his sister if he can borrow me for a minute.“Of course,” she says with a knowing smile.Alec leads me down into the basement where we can have some privacy. His father is sitting at his computer, seemingly unaware of our presence. Alec guides me towards the back storage room and closes the door behind us. As soon as we’re alone, his hand falls onto my backside in a possessive hold. “You look like you need to be fucked,” he growls lowly, lifting up my skirt to caress my soaking wet pussy with his fingers.I moan softly in response, unable to contain the desire coursing through my body.“Do you want to get fucked now?” he whispers against my ear.“Yes,” I breathe out desperately.With a smirk, he pulls me in closer and claims my lips in a passionate, urgent kiss. Our bodies press together, igniting a primal hunger within us. And as his hands roam over my body, I know that I am his and he is mine. In this moment, nothing else matters but the intense desire between us.Crawling on all fours on the floor, I beckoned him towards me with a burning desire. My body was ablaze, consumed by the need for his touch. In a soft whisper, I pleaded, “Fuck me. Fuck me.”Just then, a knock tears through the air as the storage room door rattles.His sister calls out, interrupting the moment: “Hey Alec and Ashley, we’re going out for ice cream. Dad’s treating.”With a resigned sigh, Alec responded, “Okay.”Our chance at passion was lost in an instant. I remained on all fours, my emotions in turmoil, trying desperately to hold back tears. What had become of me?But then, to my surprise, Alec mounts me. I am pinned down like a wild animal in heat, my body yearning for his oneness. I am consumed by primal lust and unable to resist his advances.An orgasm builds, and I cannot stop it as Alec fucks his young wife. My climax grips his manhood and I feel the injection of his mating seed.As he dismounts, I am left panting and craving more, my body already yearning to be mounted again. Do other women ever feel this overwhelming desire?I can feel his mating seed dripping down my upper thighs as we exit the storage room. My mind is a whirlwind of carnal thoughts as I sneak away to the bathroom to clean up.As I sit on the toilet, I slide my fingers between my legs and revel in our combined wetness. The lingering desire for more overwhelms me, and I start to caress myself right there, imagining being mounted once again in this very spot. And just like that, less than a minute later, I am climaxing again. Is this what it means to be a married slut? But in this moment, I don’t care about labels or expectations—all that matters is the pleasurable oneness we share.But as I try to compose myself and leave the bathroom, I realize that everyone is waiting for me. Alec’s eyes are filled with lust as he looks at me, knowing what we have just done.His mother smiled at me in approval, as if she knew I was freshly fucked by her son. Sort of weird. Sort of cool.Turns out she had lots to smile about. We announced 6 weeks later, I was pregnant and she would become a grandma!