I’ve always had an erotic connection with the outdoors, no doubt stemming from my single days when I would often enjoy the freedom of wearing nothing but the sun and indulge in naughty self-pleasure to my heart’s content. I had a favorite place to enjoy this, and reminiscing this particular morning in the shower put my wife into that picture.Hmmm… time to make an erotic dream come true. My cock squirted a hefty load of approval down the drain, and a salacious plan began to form.My wife found me humming in the kitchen after her workout. “What’s with you, my happy husband? Have fun in the shower?”“I did, as a matter of fact.”“That’s hot! Were you thinking about me?”“Mm-hmm.”She hugged me from behind, pressed her tits into my back, and whispered, “How did you have me?”Spinning to face her, I grabbed both tits and captured her mouth in a steamy kiss. Then I moved my lips to the juncture of her neck and shoulder and trailed a damp path to her ear, “I won’t tell you, but I’ll show you.”The feminine moan that escaped her lips challenged my resolve, and I almost took her right there. My cock reminded me of the mental picture in the shower though, so I reluctantly pushed her back.I breathlessly mumbled, “Get changed for a hike and a picnic.” After another moan and a pout, she headed off to the bedroom. While she was changing, I packed the basket and loaded the truck.When I stepped back through the door, my cock and I had our resolve stretched to the limit. She was posed against the kitchen counter wearing what sort of passed for shorts, a white crop top that didn’t quite cover all of her tits, and a seductive smirk that tried to lay claim on victory. Vixen! I had to close my eyes and think of dead puppies to get us out of there.Finally in the truck, she cuddled into me and mostly behaved. Mostly. It was about a thirty minute drive to where we were headed; then a short hike would close the remaining distance. Once we parked, I told her to sit still while I gathered our things.After I opened her door and her feet hit the ground, I said, “Alright, little Miss Temptress, strip.” Her sexy self-assuredness faltered slightly, and it was my turn to smirk.Ever the trooper, though, she shortly stood wearing only a smile and her shoes. I picked up the little pile and locked it in the truck with mine. I then pointed in the direction I wanted her to go and watched her ass in voyeuristic awe. Our destination was only ten minutes away, but between the making out, playful fondling, and short games of cat and mouse, it took closer to thirty.Finally arriving at my secret spot was worth the wait. It was just as beautiful as it had always been, and my wife loved it too. “Why haven’t you ever brought me here?”“Well, it changed hands a time or two, and I lost permission.”“Wow. It’s just perfect!”While she took in the view of the crystal clear pond and it’s greenery soaked banks, I laid out the blanket and set up our picnic. Then taking her hand, I led her along the water’s edge, enjoying the quiet simple beauty of God’s creation. I couldn’t count the times I enjoyed the privacy here as a young man, often dreaming of sharing it with another one of His creations. And now, here I was, walking the same path with my beautiful wife.My original plan for bringing her here was to fulfill an old fantasy of raw sexual lust, but as I looked at the wonder in her eyes, her wind-kissed skin, and her fingers interlaced with mine, my mood shifted to something more romantic.Moving to face her, I looked into her eyes and hoped she saw in mine what I saw in hers. Our embrace was thoughtful and passionate and with the fire of love burning on our tongues, we began our lovers’ dance.With slow and careful hands we explored each other with the passion and emotions that can only be communicated through the touch of practiced mates. She lay in the grass with an invitation that required no words, and when her warmth enveloped me, we both cried out with the ancient voice of joined lovers.Our hips moved in unison to meet the other’s needs as well as our own. Our passion built with our pleasure, and we were soon overtaken by the amorous cries of erotic fulfillment. Hot tears flowed down her temples, and I kissed them away with the comfort only a treasured husband can give to his bride.In the afterglow of affectionate bliss, we reconnected in a way we didn’t even know we needed. Gratified and content, we made our way back to the blanket and covered basket. Before we dined, we paused to thank God for His love, our love, and my secret pond.