(L) – This story contains strong language.ReadPart 1,Part 2andPart 3of the story here.Le Calendrier de L’avent– The Advent CalendarPart 4: The Dinner23 Décembre15 Décembre: Bullet vibe16 Décembre: Shopping trip €25017 Décembre: Rosemary​ & thyme massage oil18 Décembre: Sex dice19 Décembre: Anal plug, 8cm​ x 3.4cm.20 Décembre: Little black dress21 Décembre: 6-inch black heels22 Décembre: Blue tooth enabled stimulator23 Décembre: DinnerQuelque Part,​ 1 Rue Ambroise Thomas, 75009 ParisGabriel gave her the 23rd Advent calendar gift over coffee that morning.“Supper​ at Quelque Part, ohh​ my Gabriel, I’ve wanted​ to try that restaurant for​ so long!” she said excitedly.I was lucky​ to find​ an opening, especially with the holiday.”“Merci beaucoup, mon amour!““De rien,​ ma chérie,“​ he smiled.​ “I will meet you there​ at​ 8 pm. Please wear the clothes you received​ in your calendar.”“Oui,Sir,” Andrea said, smiling​ at Gabriel before sipping her coffee.Andrea spent the rest​ of the day looking forward​ to the evening, trying​ on her new clothes and doing her hair and makeup. She couldn’t remember the last time she had been​ so excited for​ a date. She finished getting ready just​ in time and headed out the door, locking​ up before leaving.When she arrived​ at the restaurant, she found Gabriel waiting outside for her.“Mon dieu,“​ he said​ as she walked​ up​ to him. “Tu​ es sublime.“Andrea blushed. “Thank you,” she said, smiling shyly.“Come,”​ he said, slipping his arm through hers and caressing the small​ of her back.Andrea felt butterflies fluttering​ in her stomach. She couldn’t remember when​ a man made her feel this way.Gabriel opened the door for her, moving his hand over her bum​ as​ he directed her into the restaurant.Andrea and Gabriel entered Quelque Part, escaping the biting Parisian cold. The restaurant was hidden behind​ an unassuming façade, but inside,​ it felt like stepping into​ an intimate sanctuary. The dim lighting cast a warm glow over the plush velvet chairs​ in jewel tones, deep emerald, rich plum, and soft pink surrounding sleek black tables. Each table was set with minimalist decor and soft candlelight. Heavy teal drapes lined the walls, creating​ an opulent and cocoon-like atmosphere.In the centre​ of the room,​ a few scattered tables were occupied​ by quiet diners, each absorbed​ in the artistry​ of the dishes placed before them.​ A subtle aroma​ of miso and fresh herbs wafted from the open kitchen, blending with the faint scent​ of smoked wood. Andrea exchanged​ a look with Gabriel, both struck​ by the subtle luxury and intimacy​ of the space,​ a place crafted for secrets and quiet indulgences.They were led​ to​ a corner table. Gabriel offered Andrea the booth seat facing the room while​ he sat facing the wall. Their server brought menus and water and disappeared once again. After some time, Gabriel ordered​ a bottle​ of Champagne and the tasting menu and turned​ to look​ at Andrea​ as the waiter disappeared.“What day did​ I give you the lingerie?”​ he said, his expression changing.“You didn’t,​” she replied.“Then why are you wearing it?”​ he asked sternly.“I didn’t think;​ I must have picked​ it out​ as​ I was dressing​ at home today. I’m sorry, Gabriel,” she said, worried.“I selected your outfit for tonight, didn’t I?”“Yes,” she said, “but​ I didn’t know…”“I told you​ to put​ on the clothes you received​ in your advent calendar.”“I’m sorry, Gabriel,” she said, her voice trembling.“Take off your knickers.”“But Gabriel, I—”“Take off your kickers,”​ he repeated.She sat nervously, fidgeting with her hands.“Remove your knickers.”“Gabriel, we’re​ in public. I’m not comfortable with this.”“You will obey,”​ he said, his voice low and threatening.“Yes, Sir,” she replied.Andrea’s hands slid under the table, and she reached for her knickers. She slipped them off, scrunching them​ in her hand before handing them​ to Gabriel, who took them and placed them​ in his coat pocket.“Good girl.”“Yes, Sir,” she whispered, settling back into her seat.“Are you wearing​ a bra?”Andreas’ eyes widened​ as she looked​ at his face, desperately trying​ to read his mind.“Yes, Sir,” she answered, feeling her body flush with heat.Gabriel turned his attention​ to the room, watching the other patrons. Andrea could feel her heart beating​ in her chest.Gabriel poured them both another glass​ of Champagne.​ He toasted her​ as​ he raised his glass and took​ a sip, savouring the sweet, sparkling liquid. Andrea’s lips felt the rim​ of the glass, and she took​ a long, deep gulp​ of the Champagne, the bubbles rushing​ up her nose​ a little.“Hand​ me your bra,” Gabriel said sternly.“Excusez moi,Sir?” she said, not believing her ears.“Your bra,”​ he repeated.Andrea’s cheeks turned scarlet​ as she felt the blood rush​ to her face.“But Gabriel—”“Your bra.”Andrea shifted​ in her seat. Her heart was pounding, and she felt sweat forming under her arms. She swallowed hard, feeling her mouth​ go dry. She looked around the room, trying​ to see​ if anyone was looking.“I need​ to use the bathroom,” she said.“No,” Gabriel said.“But Gabriel…”“You will​ do​ as​ I say,”​ he said.Andrea looked​ at him. Her heart was racing, and she could feel herself starting​ to tremble.“Yes, Sir,” she said.Gabriel raised his glass and sipped his Champagne. Andrea’s hand was shaking​ as she picked​ up her  glass and took another drink. She felt the cool, refreshing liquid slide down her throat.“I need​ to​ go​ to the bathroom,” she said.“No,” Gabriel said.“Sir—”“You will not​ go​ to the bathroom.”“Sir, please,​ I need​ to go.”“You will not​ go​ to the toilet,”​ he said firmly.“Sir—”“You are disobeying me.”“Sir, please.”“You are being​ a naughty girl.”“But Gabriel.”“If you leave this table, our date will end.”“Gabriel.”“Do you understand?”“Yes, sir,” Andrea replied, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment.Andrea took another drink​ of her Champagne and looked around the room.She became increasingly uncomfortable​ as she slid along the booth into the corner. Pretending​ to scratch her back, she reached her hand behind her back and felt for the clasp through the material. With​ a twist and​ a flick, the clasp came undone, and she slowly pulled the straps over her shoulders and pulled her arms through the straps. Gabriel sat watching her, sipping his Champagne and observing her every move. She took another long drink​ of Champagne, her cheeks burning and her body flushed. She folded her bra neatly and handed​ it ​to Gabriel, who took​ it and put​ it​ in his coat pocket.“Good girl,”​ he said. “That’s how​ I imagined you would look when​ I chose your clothes tonight.”Andrea shifted​ in her seat and adjusted the way her dress sat.Gabriel’s hand found her hand across the table, and​ he squeezed it.“Thank you,” she whispered.The server brought the first dish,​ a delicate, light broth with floating vegetables. The conversation flowed easily​ as they began​ to eat, and the food was exquisite. Gabriel ordered​ a second bottle​ of Champagne, which helped Andrea feel less self-conscious and aided her unsettled nerves.As the waiter cleared the table, Gabriel took Andreas hand​ in his.“I also brought this tonight.”Andrea felt him slide something into the palm​ of her hand.​ As she looked down, she gasped, seeing the clitoris stimulator she had received yesterday.“Gabriel,” she whispered.“Put​ it in,”​ he instructed.“We are​ in​ a public place!”“You will​ do​ as​ I say.”“Yes, Sir,” she said.Andrea’s hand was shaking, and her heart was pounding. She put both hands under the table, and​ as she parted her legs, one hand slipped between her silky lips, making way for the other​ to place the stimulator onto her clitoris.“That’s it,”​ he said.She closed her legs around the toy, holding​ it​ in place​ as she reached out​ a hand and drank deeply from her champagne flute.The waiter returned with the next dish and began explaining it​ to them. Gabriel turned​ on the toy​ as​ he talked, and Andrea felt the slight electric current buzzing through her body.“Oh, God,” she moaned.“Are you all right?” Gabriel asked.“Yes,​ it sounds delicious,” she replied, breathing a little too heavily, and looking away from the waiter.“Merci Madame,“​ the waiter said​ as​ he continued his overview of the dish.Andrea squirmed​ in her seat.“Is something wrong?” Gabriel asked.“No, no,​ I​ am just ravenous,” she replied.Gabriel chuckled.“It will​ be good,”​ he said.“Oh, yes,” she purred.As the waiter finished and left, Andrea gasped and bit her lip.“Gabriel…”“Are you okay?”“Yes.”“How does​ it taste?”“Delicious.”“I​ am glad you enjoy it.”Andrea shifted​ in her seat. Her body was warm, and the sensations increased with​ a warming glow that seeped​ up her spine and buried itself​ in the nape​ of her neck. She took another bite, trying​ to ignore the sensation.She groaned​ as the stimulator moved​ up​ two, three and four levels. She heard the audible buzz​ of the toy​ as her hands grasped the table’s edge. Her eyes closed​ as she felt the wave​ of pleasure spiraling over her body.“What​ is wrong?” Gabriel asked.“Nothing,” she moaned.“Good girl,”​ he purred.Andrea’s knuckles whitened​ as she gripped the table’s edge, trying​ to stifle the noises from her mouth. She bit her bottom lip, squeezed her eyes shut​ as the sensations rippled over her skin, tensed her legs, and curled her toes.“Oh, God, Gabriel,” she moaned.“Shh.”She could hear the vibrator growing louder​ as the pulsing grew more intense.“Oh, fuck,” she moaned.“You have​ to​ be quiet,​ or you will embarrass yourself,” Gabriel said sternly.“But Gabriel—”“You have been​ a bad girl.”“Yes, Sir,” she whimpered.“You are being punished,”​ he said.“Oh, God.”“Are you going​ to cum?”“Yes, yes, oh, fuck, I’m going​ to cum,” she moaned.Gabriel turned the setting up, and the buzzing was audible​ to Andrea, who desperately tried not​ to draw attention​ to their table.“Oh, God, yes,” she groaned, biting her lip and arching her back.“Are you going​ to cum?”“Yes. Yes. I’m going​ to cum!”“Stare into​ my eyes​ as you orgasm,” Gabriel commanded​ in​ a hushed tone.Andrea opened her eyes, looked​ at him, and gasped. She felt her muscles tightening, and the warmth and pressure grew. She held his gaze, looking into his dark, penetrating eyes​ as the sensation intensified.“Oh, fuck,” she whispered, gripping the table tighter.“You’re​ a dirty, naughty little whore.”“I’m your dirty little whore,” she whispered.“Cum,”​ he commanded.Her orgasm hit​ in​ a ferocious wave​ of ecstasy. The warmth washed over her, and her body convulsed. Her toes curled​ in her shoes, and her back arched.“Oh, fuck,” she gasped.“Yes, you are​ a dirty little whore.”“Yes, yes,” she moaned.“What​ a dirty, naughty, little whore you are.”“Yes, yes,​ I am.”“Good girl,”​ he praised.The waves subsided, and Andrea gasped and trembled, still holding Gabriel’s gaze.“Good girl,” Gabriel said​ as​ he turned the toy off.“Thank you.”“Did you enjoy that?”“Yes, thank you, Sir.”“You’re​ a dirty, filthy little slut.”“I​ am your dirty little slut.”“Wipe yourself off for me,” Gabriel said, handing her his napkin.Andrea exhaled, releasing her grip​ on the table and taking his napkin. She then leaned back​ in her seat and spread her legs, using the napkin​ to wipe her sopping mound.Gabriel held out his hand, and Andrea returned the napkin​ to him. Folding​ it neatly,​ he pressed​ it​ to his face and sniffed.​ He closed his eyes​ as​ he enjoyed the fragrance​ of her sex. When​ he opened them, the waiter returned and cleared the plates.“WouldMadameandMonsieurlike some dessert?” he asked.“Non, juste​ la facture s’il vous plaît,” Gabriel answered, turning his attention back​ to Andrea as the waiter left to bring the bill.“Oui, merci,” she said.Gabriel smiled and reached for her hand.“Was that fun?”​ he asked.“Oui,but now​ I have​ to return the favour,” she replied, blushing.Gabriel smiled.24 Décembre​24 Décembre:​ A large bunch​ of flowers.Andrea sat drinking her morning coffee​ as Gabriel walked into the kitchen with​ a large bouquet.“For me,mon amour!?” she squealed. “Thank you, Gabriel!”“You are very welcome,”​ he said​ as​ he placed the flowers​ on the kitchen counter.“How did​ I get​ so lucky, Gabriel?​ I don’t think any woman could ask for​ a better lover.”“It’s​ my pleasure​ to share this advent with you. It’s been​ so much fun.”“For​ me, too,” she said, smiling.“Only one more task​ to complete,”​ he said.“Quoi?” she said quizzically.“I need you​ to write​ up this adventure for​ us while it’s still fresh​ in your mind.”“Oui,Gabriel,” she said with​ a smile.We wish you​ a wonderful Christmas.​(Note From MH: This story was intended for Christmas time, but due to an abundance of submissions—pun intended—it was unable to be published until now, in February. However, we trust you all found this spicy series thoroughly enjoyable regardless of the time of year!)