Happy to share my first MH story entry with everyone.  This event happened a while back and is vividly and delightfully seared into my memory.  I think it managed to awaken something in both of us and has been a game changer ever since.My wife Kate is the absolute love of my life, and sharing my life with her is an absolute joy.  Kate grew up on a rural coconut farm in the Philippines, which is a more conservative society about sexuality.  Yes, sailors that frequented certain clubs near the base in decades past might have other perspectives. But, generally outside of red-light areas, what I said is true.Kate has been pretty innocent and naïve in a sweet way. She has also been very open to exploring new things in our sex life.  She is 14 years my junior and, in contrast to my pale 5’9”, 275 lb., less-than-ideal physique, she is a very petite 4’8” and 100 lbs. with fairly dark skin and beautiful brown nipples and pussy that find their way to my mouth routinely.I never get less than her best effort when Kate and I make love.  Her oral fixations extend beyond my genitals, and we have always enjoyed eating ass, but I just felt an urge to take it to another level this night, and I knew her passion would be up for the task.  She does have a weird hang up about being grossed out by her own saliva, which made this night more special after she ignored her inhibition.I withdrew my tongue from deep within her mouth. Things had just begun to heat up, and I told her to drop to her knees.  She surely expected to take my cock into her mouth. I turned 180 degrees and thrust my rump into my beautiful wife’s face. I instantly spread my cheeks and barked a “LICK MY ASSHOLE!!!” directive to my wife.The words weren’t out of my mouth before she was locked on and feverishly swabbing my anus with her tongue.  I could feel the warmth of her saliva and hear the sounds of her intense tongue movements. As I lightly bobbed my ass up and down, we built a beautiful rhythm of her persistent, wet tongue strokes to my asshole.At this point, it was time to take it from the floor to the bed.  We have a sizeable bedroom with a massive TV on the far wall, so we made the atypical decision to put a loveseat at the bottom of our bed for when we opt to catch a movie right before retiring for the night.  The loveseat is a few inches higher than the bed, so I bent my body over the loveseat and gave Kate a full view and control of my ass.“Babe, I want to feel your tongue deep inside my asshole. I want to feel it like it’s never been before,”  I said.“Mmmmm. Yes, love!!!” Kate’s soft cooing voice said, conveying her excitement.However, her next immediate move was an amazing tease to warm me up.  She playfully licked and lightly sucked my scrotum, softly rubbing my balls and slowly stroking my cock.  Her amazing ability to hit just the right spots and pressure had me so aroused and filled with pleasure.She refocused her attention to my asshole, and our four hands helped spread me open as much as possible.“Babe, relax your ass so I can get as much of you as possible,” she told me.I focused on breathing and relaxing, while trying to contain my excitement from the rush I was feeling.  Kate’s wet tongue pressed its way inside my asshole.  I closed my eyes and savored the sensation of her reaching beyond anything she had achieved before.  My moans of pure joy provided her with all the encouragement she needs to continue her persistent probing.“Deeper, deeper, DEEPER!!!” I howled and she pressed hard into my rectum, sending me over the moon.“Hold your ass wide open for me, babe,” she said after she had pulled backed for a brief second.I spread my asshole as much as I could, and she reached around and grabbed my hips.  With primal grunting and groaning, she pulled my ass to her and drove her tongue in with incredible fury.  I could feel her teeth pressed into the area below my tailbone.  She was salivating heavily, and I could feel her sweet slobber begin to coat my balls.  She took a momentary breather, and I was ready for a new motion from her.“Swirl your tongue all around my pipe, baby.  I want you to taste every bit of hubby’s rectum you can reach.” And I was immediately treated to the sensation of her tongue swirling around and around the outer portion of my rectum.  Obviously, anatomy limits how deep one can really reach in rimming a partner, but I’m sure Kate managed to get in excess of a full inch into me.  It was exceptional and incredible in all ways.“Does my rectum taste good, baby?” I teased.I received a flurry of probing and swirling, accompanied by her heavy moaning and salivating as her confirmation.  Her saliva had begun to slide down the length of my cock.After a few minutes of Kate’s deep, passionate French kissing my rectum, we tired of that position.  Kate lay back against the loveseat and took my cock into her mouth.After what she later admitted was an initially adverse reaction to the taste early in our marriage, Kate says that she loves to taste and swallow my semen.  As she worked her mouth up and down my cock, I knew I was close to coming.  I noticed the sensation of her saliva that had drenched all around my asshole beginning to get cold, and I smiled with appreciation at the wonderful pleasure she had provided me.  The most taboo and dirtiest, some would say, of areas was nothing but insatiable desire to my beloved wife.I released a wonderful climax into her mouth, and she milked me so as to not cheat herself out of any remaining semen she could salvage.  Her neck muscles moved, confirming her swallowing of my love yogurt.I was happy she got the reward she worked so hard for.  I looked down at Kate and her warm face, smiling ear to ear, then softly ran my hand down her cheek, telling her how much I love her.Rimming has never been the same for us.  That night began what has been taking it to a whole new level.  When we eat ass, we don’t mess around, start slow, etc.  We delight in probing and licking everything we can get from each other.  “Let’s take a shower” is code for one of us to suggest epic ass eating.  The event above recalls a lovely memory that began taking it to a next level, but it has become the norm since then, and I match every bit of the intensity when I devour her sweet asshole.Every minute on this earth with Kate is a true blessing! We have no hesitation or limits in physically expressing that love for each other.  I love her more than I could ever begin to say.