This true story happened years ago, when my sexy and kind wife, Melody, and I usually had sex every other day.  On off days, in the morning, she’d manually play with and orally stimulate my nipples as she or I pumped my rod to an orgasm.  Often she did this as part of an early morning erotic massage.  We call this “FMP” for “Fix My Problem.”  At times I stood at the sink.  Sometimes she helped me climax on the bed or in a tandem shower.  Back then, she often also would FMP at night before we went to sleep.  This is not intercourse, but it IS still “Lovemaking!”  Sometimes she’d give me an oral orgasm instead of FMP.By the way, sometimes FMP turns into what we call “Full Lovemaking!”  So keep reading:As I stood nude at the bathroom sink one morning, finishing up my shaving, my nude sexy wife moved in behind me and pressed her full boobs with their hard perky nipples into my back.  That felt wonderful!  And even better, she reached around to rubmynipples.  I quickly wiped off my face and began to pump my quickly hardening rod.  Usually, we did something like this until I climaxed and sprayed the sink and bathroom mirror with my thick cum.But on this Saturday morning, Melody moved around to suck and lick my nipples.  I love her beautiful breasts and teats, but SHE also adores my man-nips.  And sucking on them set her off that morning!!!She paused in her sucking and looked up at me with a “hungry wild animal” look and said,  “Don’t expect this every time, but I want you inside me!” —code for her wanting to be fully fucked or have a Full Lovemaking session.She bent over the sink with her smooth sexy legs spread apart and her beautiful buns giving a view of her full moon.  I stroked her glistening pussy only to find that her cunt was already coated with self-made lubricant.“Go in me now!” she demanded.And who am I to deny THAT request?  I plunged my cock into her, and we immediately began to fuck each other with abandon.  She rocked onto my very hard dick as I thrust into her deep, wet, and throbbing pussy.“Oh! Oooooo!  That – feels – so – good!” she gasped out between our mutual thrusts.  “Don’t stop!  Come – in – my – puuuussssy!”Of course, I did cum in her pulsating pussy, but not right away.  We continued to fuck (make love) for several minutes. (We were healthier back then.  Doing this now would probably kill us.)I loved the reflected view of her beautiful eyes and face as arousal made her even MORE beautiful to me.  I also enjoyed seeing her boobies bouncing with each thrust I made.  Her pussy pulsations increased and she began to demand, “Harder!  Do it harder!”  Of course, I did!  So her tits bounced even more!By the way, she later told me that she also liked watching me in the mirror—especially my facial expression of erotic ecstasy as I was pounding her pussy!She had wanted it harder, so I had certainly complied willingly. The hard fucking did it for her; she came with a series of audible sighs, which triggered me to cum as well.  With a series of grunts, I drained my balls, exploding my cum deep into her pussy!“I’m cumming, too!” I said between grunts as I filled her pussy with “her present!” (She named my semen “my present” on our honeymoon when she gifted me her virginity.)Melody is usually rather quiet during sex, but not this time.  “Thank you!” she cried out.  “That feels so good to feel my present in my pussy!”I slid out, but she was not done, so naturally neither was I.  She surprised me by climbing into the tub and standing there with one leg up on the side of the tub.  “Hurry!” she again demanded.  “Put your tongue inside me!”(That is her code for, “Tommy, I want oral sex NOW!”)Melody kept one leg on the edge of the tub and spread her pussy-lips open with her hands.  “Our” cum-mix was leaking out but had not yet fallen off of her sexy vulva.  “Hurry!” she said again.  “It’s leaking out!”So I quickly straddled the edge of our tub, sat down, and leaned my face up to her leaking love tunnel.  I caught the first thick tear-shaped glob of creamy cum with my tongue before it fell.“Mmmmmm!” Melody said.  “Do it some more!  But I want your tongue deeper inside my pussy!”I discovered early on in our marriage that Melody is not always in the mood for cunnilingus, but when she is, she REALLY needs me to tongue-fuck her pussy opening!  So I thrust my tongue in and lapped up more of our mellow-tasting creamy cum.  It wasn’t just MY cum because she had made plenty of juices too.  And the scientific fact is that pussy juice is acidic and semen has the pH of a base.  Mixed together they taste more “mellow” or neutral to this now-retired scientist.Melody couldn’t resist moving her hips in such a way that when I extended my tongue out and held it stationary, her movements made me lick her pussy and clitoris stern to stem.  She was writhing in pleasure, but that position eventually became too much to maintain.However, we weren’t done yet.  I stood up and turned the water on, then turned around to face my sexy bride of 22 years.  Melody leaned down and forward with her mouth open and said, “Ahh! Ahhh! Ahh!”  Then she gave me one of her mischievous smiles.   I understood what she wanted… my erection in her hungry mouth!I stood up on the interior side shelves of our jacuzzi tub, facing my nude and sex-crazed wife.  “Oops,” I said.  “Do you want me to wash off first?”“It’s okay,” said Melody, surprising me because usually she likes a freshly washed dick for fellatio.  Melody then leaned over just a little to take my hard-again cock into her sexy mouth.  She pumped my base as she sucked my cum-coated cock!  It was truly amazing!  She usually did this until I gave her an oral “present” by cumming in her mouth.This time was no exception.  I blew my load in spasms of unbelievable pleasure!Melody stood up and asked, “Did that feel good, Tommy?”I hopped down and gave her a deep kiss, tasting some of my semen on her lips and a little in her mouth.  “Did you swallow?” I asked, again surprised. (She didn’t usually swallow, although she almost always took some of my cum in her mouth when she gave me oral.)“A girl has gotta have some secrets!” she said coyly.  Then she added, “My first orgasm was not very strong.  Can we move to the bed?”In that condo, we had our massage table out that morning.  As I followed her into the bedroom, she surprised me once more by bending over the massage table for me to take her in standing doggy-style again.“I couldn’t wait until we got to the bed. You like the view?” she asked rhetorically as she wiggled her buns at me.  Her swollen vulva peeked out as if to ask for more!“Do I ever!” I said, and I again plunged into her sweet Nordic cunt. Once again, I began to fuck her with renewed enthusiasm!“Ahhhh, yes!  Like that!” she cried out.  We were empty-nesters, so no one was home to hear her cries nor the sound of my balls slapping her cute butt as I made violent (and consensual) love to my uber-aroused wife.“Okay, let’s go to the bed,” she said after a few minutes.  “But you stay here for a minute.”  Then she lay down on our queen bed and began to alternately cup the sides of her big tits.  She writhed on the bed from side to side and asked me, “How about this?  Do you like my boobies?”  (We had recently returned from the Galápagos Islands, where we had seen Red-Footed Boobies and Blue-Footed Boobies, and we had started using that word—but not always referring to birds.)“Those are, by far, my favorite boobies!” I exclaimed as I lay down beside Melody and began orally loving her right booby while manually and digitally (with fingers) loving her left boobie.  I then reached down to stroke her pussy, drawing out some of her juices and my cum to rub on her clit.  Then I massaged that clitoris as my Melody sighed and cooed with pleasure.“Thank you! Thank you!” she said in a deeper tone than normal.  This was her uber-aroused sex voice, and back then and even now, it drives me wild.  She knew this and still does.  Plus, I just was and am continually ecstatic about getting to play with and love on those boobies!I kneeled up and handed Melody her bullet vibrator.  This was battery-operated because we had not yet cum across a rechargeable vibe.Then I scooped deeply into Melody’s very wet pussy and retrieved some of ourmixed juices.  I rubbed it on her tits/nips and began to pump my hard penis as I rubbed my glans (penis head) on her nearest nipple.  More of my pre-cum leaked out and added to the lube “cum-coction.”“That feels nice,” Melody purred as she looked at the action of my dick stimulating her tits. She had begun to buzz her cute clitty with her vibe.  She came FAST, but I held off my orgasm.  She arched her back off the bed and said rather loudly in that sexy sex voice, “I’m cumming! I’m cumming!!”I could tell this had been a good orgasm.  But I knew how to top it.  I knew that she’d often have another orgasm right after a very good orgasm.  But the following one often was spectacular if I was fucking her at the time.So I slid down into our go-to cuissade sex position with her on her back and me at a right angle on my side.  (Kind of like an upside-down t.)This all had me crazy aroused, too! I slammed into her pulsating pussy.  Melody gasped, then smiled at me.  “You know me well,” she said.  And she gave me that sexy mischievous look again.“I done good, huh?” I asked her.“Mmm-hmmm!” she whispered. “Why’d ya stop?”I didn’t reply because I knew it was pointless.  But making love this much in one sex session was anything but pointless.  I knew time was of the essence if Melody was going to climax quickly again.  So I reached up to play with and pinch both titties. (I was more flexible back then.)Melody moaned as I resumed the pussy pounding.  She was still vibe-buzzing her clit.  She began sighing loudly, and as I expected, in less than a minute she came like a train.  “I’m cumming again!” that sexy voice now gasped out.  Her back arched so far off the bed I could’ve sworn she was levitating!Melody was giving me the ultimate marital hug with her Kegal muscles!  The sensations of her internal pussy massaging and clamping down on my shaft during her epic orgasm sent me over the edge one more time, too.  I’m sure I pumped less cum into her love tunnel this go-round, but amazingly it was my most powerful orgasm of this lovemaking session—even the best orgasm of the past two months of lovemaking sessions!“I love you, Tommy,” Melody said as she descended her orgasmic peak.  “Thank you!  That was my best orgasm in a while!”“My best, too!” I said with a few final thrusts into her pussy.  “And thank YOU!  And I love you, too!”Before my happy hard-on slid out, her still slightly pulsating pussy gave me another ultimate hug.  I felt soooo loved.  And I know that Melody felt the same way!We lay there, nude and sex-messy, for a while and basked in the new wonderful sex memory.  Eventually, I slid my penis out, and Melody complained, “Awe!  I liked ‘Fred’ inside my pussy!”  (Fred is her main name for my penis.)“Fred will be back later at your beck and call,” I reassured her.  Then we shared one more long kiss before we spoon-cuddled.  We were naked and rather exhausted, but we were supremely happy.“We each had three orgasms,” whispered Melody in a worn-out sleepy voice this time.“I guess we’re not unequally yoked,” I replied.“It was nice… and fun,” my wonderful wife said softly as she drifted off to sleep.Our latest epic/marathon sex session had worn us both out, but I agreed with my now sleeping beauty of a wife, so I whispered into her ear, “Yes, it was nice and fun getting worn out that way together.”  I then fell asleep with my right hand cupping one of those beautiful boobies.When we had our morning prayer together (after we woke up an hour later), we thanked Heavenly Father for each other and that great blessing of marital sexual intimacy.Below is the link to Hotventures’ story called “Morning Wood.”  That excellent story reminded me of this experience from Melody’s and my past, so thank you Hotventures for reminding me of this sexy memory with your story.Morning Wood