My day started off at 2 a.m. with me checking the offshore weather report and radar. My buddies and I had plans to go fishing 50 miles out in the Gulf of Mexico. But the radar showed heavy thunderstorms, and the report had rough sea conditions; I was bummed out but had to cancel the fishing trip.I went back to bed to get more sleep, then got up at 6 a.m. I was so disappointed because I’d looked forward to fishing with the guys. All day, I was thinking,I own this boat and can’t use it when I want to because of the weather. Then I got an idea: My wife and I could “take a ride.”So I told my little love muffin, “Let’s have sex on the boat.”“The neighbors will see us,” she said.“Nah, they won’t.” You see, I park the boat in the yard under a shed that’s walled on three sides; only the bow is open to a public road.After some prompting, my muffin came around to the idea. So we readied for our “fishing trip,” the excitement building just like the weather. As a good captain, I made the deck area safe for rough conditions by stowing away fishing rods, removing hooks, etc.My love muffin, a.k.a. the boat crew, grabbed the swim ladder and asked for help to climb aboard. Standing behind her, I gave her tush a push as she climbed up and found, to my pleasant surprise, she wasn’t wearing any panties.We sat down at the helm and started with some kissing, caressing, and teasing. As things heated up, my fingers made their way to her love garden, and she began moaning loudly and shifting around. My love muffin was rubbing and sucking my nipples, which turned me on incredibly. She propped her feet against the T-top frame to give better access to her garden, and I continued to tease her clit to a very swollen state.“I WANT YOUR DICK IN MY PUSSY NOW!” she said, and I about exploded my load at those words.My wife told me her legs were getting tired and that she needed some help holding them up. So I did what any good captain would: I put my knot skills to good use and tied them up. As my magic fingers returned to massaging her pussy, the wave action was building on the boat. My wife began moaning louder than ever before. Then my muffin started to orgasm a flood, again, again and again. There was so much that I began to think I had broken something!I couldn’t wait any longer. As captain of her garden, I used my rod to push her over the next wave… and the next… and another. The ecstasy of that moment was among the best we’ve ever had.P.S. It’s a good thing the scuppers [drains, for you non-sailers] weren’t clogged. I think we could have sunk the boat on dry land!