(A) – This story briefly mentions analingus.(L) – This story contains strong language.Cindy here. On comments from my first post, I hinted at writing a JOI (or “Jerk-Off Instructions”).Cal and I decided it was best for us to take a break from this site for personal reasons. But he’s been out of town for a few weeks and I’ve been incredibly horny. We talked about it and I decided to come on here and play solo. I’ve created some fun naughty videos for him and whatnot. I even read him a story while he was driving (Better Dayby AlwaysNeedingHim). Phone sex with him is incredible!Anyway, last night we FaceTimed and I set my laptop on the end of the bed and I gave him jerk off instructions as I played with myself for him.I encourage you to maybe have your wife reenact this with you. And if you’re a woman, do this for your husband next time you’re apart. He’ll enjoy it! (Heck, you can do it in the same room, if you can control the urge to jump each other! lol)Here’s what you’ll need to follow along.Your cockYour own spitLotion or lubeYour wife’s panties (your favorite naughty ones)A toy (Cal uses an egg. You can use an egg, a fleshlight, or if you don’t have toys, your hands)*****I set up my laptop and got to the head of my bed. I was in completely naked and playing with dildo, rubbing my wet pussy, running it around my breasts, sucking on it, just waiting for him to call.Then the computer rang and I hit the answer FaceTime icon.“Oh you’ve already started,” you say.“I couldn’t help myself,” I say, running the dildo up my cleavage and along the side of my neck. “Let’s pretend we’re in the same room baby. Why don’t you stand at the foot of the bed.”You do as I say while we make eye contact and I slowly lick around the head of the dildo and then stroke its length. I say, “Do you wish this was your cock?”You answer with a wicked grin and go to slide your hand into your waistband.“No, no,” I say. “I’ll tell you when to touch it. Take off your shirt, let me see my man.”You pull your shirt off and I bite my lower lip at the site. “Fuck, daddy,” I say as I take the dildo to my pussy and slip the tip in. “Are you jealous of my toy.”You just nod your head, feeling that cock swell in your restrictive jeans.“You look so hot with your shirt off. I wish you could press that chest against my tits,” I say as I kneel over the dildo to keep it barely in me as both my hands cup my breasts.“Before I let you pull out your cock, order me to do something,” I say. (I might be in charge tonight, but I’m still a submissive little slut!)“Slowly lower yourself,” you order in a controlled tone.Slowly I spread my legs to the sides. I catch myself several times so not to descend too fast. I watch your eyes as they watch the dildo slowly disappear inside of me, until I’m basically doing the splits. I reach down and grab the silicone balls on the end of the toy. Then I pull it out and lick it.“I didn’t say you could do that,” you say.“And you’re not the one in charge right now,” I retort playfully. I lick the dildo again and wink at you, reasserting my temporarily-assumed dominance.“Slowly unzip your pants,” I order.Your hands come to your hem and you pop the button and slowly—veryslowly. (Fuck, I want to see it already! But I can’t let you know)“Slower daddy,” I order. “Tease me.”You disobedient man! You finish unzipping and drop your jeans to the floor, leaving you in only those boxer briefs I love so much. (Cal wears Pair of Thieves.)“You’re not hard, that’s surprising. But I love that bulge I see. It’s pulsing for me. Pull it through the hole in your—” You don’t let me finish before your cock is hanging out of your boxers. “Pull your balls out too.”You reach into your boxers and let your full balls hang from your boxers.“I’m the luckiest wife in the world,” I say as I admire your cock as it pulses and solidifies.“Grab your cock for me,” I say. “Don’t stroke it. Just hold that magnificent fucking beauty. Appreciate your cock like I do. It’s large. It’s more than satisfying. I crave it.”I put the dildo between my breasts. “I want to feel its heart pressed against my skin, before you slip it into my throat.” Just after I say that, I slide the dildo into my mouth and slowly take it to where only the tip is against my lips. I spit, then drool, letting my watering mouth coat the dildo in saliva.“Get your mouth full of spit for me,” I say. “Yeah that’s it. Now let go of that beautiful, thick cock.” I rub my pussy as I see its hardness, erect because of your beautiful, naked wife. (Readers: imagine your wife, not me.)“Drool onto your cock for me,” I tell you. I watch as saliva falls from your mouth onto your cock, some of it missing. “Keep spitting on it. Imagine me on my knees, inches from your cock, just letting all my saliva coat it. That’s it, so fucking hot. Look at it, dripping wet.”I forget to even touch myself, just admiring your wet, hard cock.I stroke the dildo. “Start at your tip. Get your pointer finger and your thumb into the perfect ring for your cock. Hold the tip and press it against your stomach. Mmm, I love seeing the bottom of your dick. I wish I could lick it. Now take your other hand, take two fingers, push from the underside of your tip along that thick cum vein, and down to your balls. Once your second hand reaches your balls, get that spit all over your full sack. Now take that ring you made with finger and thumb and stroke.”I show you how with the dildo. “That’s it, nice and slow, I want you to last. Don’t add more spit. Do this until it dries up. Fuck, I want that cock. Imagine that’s my mouth around your shaft and my hand caressing those balls.”As the saliva dries up on you while you stroke, I suck the shaft of the dildo and rub the balls of my silicone toy.“Tell me how your cock feels in your hand.” I say, then I listen as you answer.You express how much you like your own hardness. (No really, I want you to do this! Say out loud how you appreciate your own cock. Your wife is totally in love with it, and with what it can do! Love that fact!)“Oh, daddy, it looks like all that saliva has dried up. That’s too bad. Actually, you know what? Grab your lube. We’re going to usewaytoo much. But we’ll start with a little. Grab those panties too.”You return to the foot of the bed with lube in hand.“Why don’t you get comfortable. Remove those boxers completely.” I watch your manhood bounce as it’s completely freed. “Join me on the bed baby. No touching me though.”You get comfortable at the foot of the bed as I continue kneeling at the head. (Now Cal is positioned on the hotel bed, where my laptop is positioned on our bed).“I love you,” I say as I admire your manly body.“I love you too,” you reply and I bite my lip and smile bashfully.I grab my lube to prepare for the next step. (The lube is “Fuck Sauce Cum Scented Lubricant” from AdamAndEve.com, if you’re interested in lube that thinks it’s real cum.)“Follow my lead,” I say as I put a small but efficient amount of lube onto my dildo. You follow suit, lubing up your cock.I hold the dildo against my pubic region with one hand and start stroking it with the other.“Yes, daddy. Stroke that fucking cock for your naughty, slutty, wife. Faster baby. Yes, that’s it. Add some spit to your lube,” I say as I spit down onto the dildo. Most of it misses and I scoop some off my thigh and continue stroking until my arm gets a bit tired.I slide my dildo into my pussy. “Keep fucking stroking.” I pull it out and add more lube.I see that look on your face. “Don’t cum. Not yet. Slow down.”I reach onto my nightstand and grab a pair of silk panties. You know, that black silk thong you love seeing me in so much. The last time I wore it, you bent me over, pulled the thong to the side, and ate my ass until I came. Yeah, that one.I drape them over the dildo.“Do the same, daddy,” I say. “Grab those panties and wrap them around your shaft.”I bite my lip as I watch you obey me. “Stroke your cock. Mmmh, you’re so hot!” I slip the dildo into my pussy and wrap the base with my thong. “You like the feeling of panties on that dick. Feels like my pussy, doesn’t it baby?”You grunt.“Time to make a mess,” I say as I pour lube onto my tits. “Drench those panties with lubricant. Use my panties. Make them sopping wet. Fuck that’s so hot. Oh yes,” I moan as I bounce on the dildo and watch you use my panties and lube to please yourself.I slow down, sure I was about to fucking cum on my toy while I have you edge.“You look so hot right now. Which hole of mine are you thinking about?” I ask as I slide the dildo out.“Your tight throat,” you say. “Why don’t you deepthroat that dildo?”I happily oblige. I pour my fake cum lube straight onto my tongue and slip the dildo into my mouth. It’s not long before the dildo is bulging my throat and the balls are resting against my chin.I pull it out and drool follows.“Back and forth, slow down. Back and forth,” I say. “Stroke it for your slut!Are you close daddy?” I ask in a slutty voice I know drives you crazy.“I am,” you say.I take my lube and cover the dildo in it before I also open my pussy for your viewing pleasure. “Pour lube into your toy for me,” I say.I watch as you grab your egg, the one we got for free when we bought that rabbit I enjoy sometimes. As you pour lube directly into your toy, I decide to do the same. I grab my “Fuck Sauce” and pour it into my pussy.“Wrap my panties around your base and your balls. Now take that toy and dip your thick man meat into it,” I moan as I tell you this, my dildo pushing into my own pussy.“Cum for me!” I blurt out. I know edging is part of this, but fuck that, I want your cum now!I pound myself as I watch you fuck that toy into submission. “Hell yes, daddy! Fuck your slutty wife!Cum in me. Yeah. Use me for your own pleasure,” I say.“Cum with me,” you say.I shake my head from side to side. I’m close but this is for you. “I know you like taking care of me, this isn’t one of those times. Just flood my cunt with your fucking cum!”I can tell you’re starting to cum. “Yes, yes, yes!” I scream as I watch you flood your toy with hot semen.“Let me see,” I beg.You show me the mess you made.“Fuck yes,” I bite my lip and blow you a kiss.“We got messy,” I say as I pull the dildo out and use it to rub lube all over my tits.“You’re beautiful,” you tell me.“Thank you love. I can’t wait to see you again.” I set the dildo down and put my face closer to the laptop. “You should go clean up.”“You too,” you say. “But take pictures first and send them to me.”“Yes, sir. Anything else?” I ask.“Make sure you cum tonight,” you suggest.“Yes, daddy,” I grab the dildo. “Goodnight, love.”“Goodnight, love,” you say as your thick cock gets closer to the camera on your screen and you end the call.*****Hope you enjoyed that. I sure know Cal and I did. And seriously, do this with your spouse.