This post contains strong language (L).My wife had never spoken well of masturbation. Despite my many requests, she had always denied me the pleasure of watching her bring herself to orgasm. She didn’t own any toys, and as far as I knew, she never enjoyed self-pleasure. My job is stressful (because, you know, Adam sinned in the garden), and today had been especially rough. My wife and I had shared some texts, but my responses were slow due to the day I was having. She was sympathetic and promised to have my favorite meal ready when I got home.My other phone dinged with a text from my boss. Balls. I was going to be late. She promised to keep the meal hot, and I muttered expletives as I went to solve yet another problem.I finally arrived home at 7:00, famished and irritable. I walked through the door expecting to be hit with a delicious wave of culinary aroma. Nothing.But she said… I don’t understand.Frustrated, I walked down the hall trying to find her. Our bedroom door was slightly open; when I peeked in, my frustration disappeared, and I forgot I was hungry.There on the bed was my wife. But it wasn’t my wife as I had ever seen her before. One tit was in her mouth, being fondled and squeezed, and she noisily sucked on her nipple. Her left hand…ho-ly shit… was between her widely spread legs, slowly thrusting apurple phallusin and out of her sweet hole. My mouth went dry, and I closed my eyes wondering who this was and what she had done with my wife. My cock was as bewildered as I was, but recovered faster than my brain, and urged us through the door.I numbly moved to the foot of the bed. Her eyes were closed. The tit that wasn’t in her mouth looked wet, and her creamy thighs were opening and closing around that phallus. I swallowed hard as my cock was trying to force its way through my pants. Her eyes opened, her nipple slipped out of her mouth with a little pop, her legs dropped to their widest limit, and her left hand kept thrusting slowly.“Hey, baby. I was just keeping your meal hot for you. I hope you don’t mind.”My words wouldn’t form, but my cock had convinced my hands to free it from its cotton prison. I jolted from the contact of my fingers around my wet tip.She giggled. “I think I have my answer.” She lifted her tit back to her mouth and made a show of running her tongue around her puffy nipple, humming as she teased her rosy tip.I tried to look everywhere at once. Seeing my prim and proper wife engage in wanton self-pleasure for the first time overloaded my brain and left my cock firmly in charge. He wanted us naked, so I stripped and joined her on the bed. My lips closed around the nipple that wasn’t in her mouth, and my left hand momentarily joined hers thrusting the phallus. She left me with that and moved her hand to my dripping cock. Her tit popped out of her mouth, and for several minutes we kissed while our hands were busy stroking. Breathless, she pulled back from the kiss.“I want to do this for you,” she said and re-took possession of the phallus. “Just watch.” And with that, she moved her rosy bud back to her mouth and began sucking in earnest.The stimulation was getting to her, and the purple mini-me started moving faster. Her tit fell out of her mouth as she groaned and rolled her head from side to side. She was getting close. I was too, and just before she fell over the edge, she said, “Cum on me.”Mother-freaking…Expletive-laden squeals and cries left her mouth as the wave hit her.That did it. I pointed my cock at her tits and sprayed them with my creamy seed. I kept stroking and pointed the next blast at her juicy bush. What I had left dribbled on her belly as she rode out her final waves.My wife gave a short, happy laugh and brought the purple toy to her mouth. She seductively cleaned it, and I kissed her hard. Then we settled down into each other’s arms, and she nestled her head into my neck. A hundred questions were in my head, but she wasn’t done. She dragged her finger through a dollop of my cum on her tit and brought it to her mouth.“Aren’t you hungry?”I was. I slid between her legs, and to my delight, she moved both hands down and opened her pussy. Wow. I dove into her pink folds, entirely set on using everything I ever learned to bring her to another orgasm.She decided to help and began rubbing her clit. Her other hand moved, and I can only assume it went to her boob. The sounds she was making confirmed her finger and my tongue were born to work together. The hand on her boob dropped to the back of my head, and her hips began moving up and down in sync with her moans. She shifted her other hand to the back of my head and was now fucking my face. She’d hit primal mode.“Go, baby.”With a very shrill “Shiiiiiiiiiiit!” she came. I’m not gonna say she squirted, but girl-cum flooded my mouth, and I didn’t waste it.It took her a minute to relax, but I was in no hurry. I lazily licked until her legs opened; then I moved slowly up her body, planting kisses as I went. I reached her mouth and tasted myself there.Dropping to her side, I smiled, and she snuggled in.Oh. My. God.My look must have been one of happy bewilderment.She grinned that sheepish grin and said, “It was your turn.”