(Making love to your spouse is as close as you can get to another person and as much as you can do to love yourself. On earth, it’s the ultimate cure for loneliness. One day, God’s presence will fulfill our deep ache to be united with each other.)I want my body to be welcoming to you. My breasts filled with a sweetness that you’ve known from your youth. Soft and warm. Ready to open myself up to you… With wetness that allows you to slip easily into me, guiding you to the deepest part of me. Making you as close as one person can be to another, to be inside each other, probing deeper. Your manhood, thrusting into me with all your strength. Your tongue, sometimes your fingers, exploring my mouth, reminding me of your rod penetrating me, making me feel it all the more.As I suck on you, my entrance tightens around you. I feel you, your cock’s pressure on all the walls of my vagina, as it pushes past, deeper into me. I feel the head of your penis; at times, it kisses my womb, and at others, slips past it and rubs all over my inner mound. I make efforts to push my tongue into your mouth, to probe you and to make you feel what I feel. You probably think it’s cute. But you don’t share the same experience with me.Men and women were meant to experience this differently.For you, being the one to put yourself inside me, I imagine it’s a comforting, soft place to rest your head (and your other head) and to get into your emotions. You feel safe enough to be aggressive or vulnerable, to be comforted and warmed, and to have even the parts of you that seem unclean be welcomed. I hope you feel total acceptance and love when I willingly take your seed into my body. I’m saying yes, I’m still committed to you. Yes, I love to take your semen into me.Yes, if we get pregnant, it’s a blessing. Thank you for being vulnerable with me, for being willing to do the hardest job with me and commit to another 18 years, another lifetime with me at any time. Thank you for your willingness to say I trust God to provide for our family, trust Him with our lives and any new lives He may send our way. And I’m honored that He trusts us.