This is about my wife’s short fuse this morning. And I don’t mean her temper.  (She has a very mild temper.)It all started at 5:00 a.m. this morning. Our half-grown puppy woke us up to go outside. After I got back in we were both awake so I asked my beautiful but sleepy wife if she wanted to make love.“My back hurts too much for that,” she said. I just wanna go back to sleep.”It was 5:30 in the morning and so I said, “It’s ok. I also wanted more sleep too.” So we both fell back asleep (fortunately) and we woke up rather late at 8:30 a.m. with our grandson pounding on the door. Our dog barked at the knock, excited to see either our grandson or granddaughter. So now we were REALLY awake!I opened the door and our grandson played with the doggie for a few minutes with my supervision while my wife, Melodie, went to take a morning shower.Eventually, our young grandson wandered back to the other part of the house to watch cartoons.By then, Melodie was finishing her shower, so I quickly went into the bathroom and handed her a towel.But first I gazed on the beautiful sight of her voluptuous curves with water drops shining on her lovely Nordic skin! She sighed, rather frustrated at having to wait for the towel but she still likes how much I admire her—in every way!What’s not to admire in a kind and very intelligent woman who looks at least 10 years younger than her natural age and 40 years younger when we are making love? Plus she is beautiful to me, with her big Norwegian eyes, smooth porcelain skin, and lovely curves including two shapely full breasts that are perfect to me. So, of course, I was enjoying the view!“I was in an erotic dream when the puppy woke us up,” I told her. “I dreamed that we had decided to not make love but that I came into the kitchen and cupped your boobs from behind. Then you turned around and pulled up your shirt for me to suck your titties.”“Hmmmm,” she said.Since her back was bothering her, she dried off her beautiful body with my help and then stood by me at the vanity. She attacked my left nipple with her teasing tongue, and I began to pump my manparts. I was really enjoying watching the sexy view of her nude beautiful body from the side as I looked in the mirror at us. We call this “fixing my problem.” More often, we do this in bed, but we have also done it many times in our shower or at the vanity.I have a sky-high libido, and Melodie’s is normal to medium-high. So she helps me cum every morning either by sexual intercourse in a full lovemaking session or by licking, sucking, and nibbling my man nips as either she or I pump me to an orgasm. Sometimes she gives me fellatio, and that’s especially nice! Lately, Melodie has fed me her boobies as I pump myself, but we usually finish with me on my back and her lips on my left nip, her left hand fingering and stimming my right nip.Today, after a couple of minutes of this in front of the bathroom mirror, my heart announced that I couldn’t handle it standing up. So, we moved to the bed, both of us still naked.Once we were on the bed but before she could resume stimulation of my nipples, I went to town on HER nips as she cupped the side of each bodacious breast to offer her nipples to me. I was pumping myself as I lay on my side and sucked, licked, and tongue-flicked her titties (one of our words for nipples.)Then I suggested, “You should stroke your pussy with your fingers.”“We don’t have time for this!” she complained, “Why should I do that?“Because I love watching you do it,” I replied.“You do it better,” she whined, but she reached down and began stroking her clit in a two-fingers-walking motion she does, and I leaned over to watch for a moment. But her titties called me back to them. I soon was in awe as I enjoyed the close-up view of her beautiful breasts and the sensation of her right nipple touching my tongue and lips. She had “the look” and was clearly enjoying all this. “The look” is when she is very aroused and her face takes on an almost magically youthful appearance.’“I am so blessed!” I thought as I admired my gorgeous and aroused wife.I had surreptitiously gotten our bag of vibes and hidden them by my side of the bed. So I reached over and grabbed one, turned it on, and handed the vibrating toy to my Melodie.“I thought we weren’t doing this, this morning,” she said, worried that it was late and we were supposed to tend to grandkids at 9:00.“Just go ahead,” I gently suggested.She applied the bullet vibrator (her favorite one) to her clitoris, and I returned to her nipple. So it was stimulation of titty and clitty!Then she reached over to pump my rod with one hand.  She felt how hard I was and reminded me that our rule says, “If you can you should… do it immediately without hesitation.”“Does your pussy want my dick inside her?” I teased.“Yes it does!” she said in a breathy and aroused voice—her sex voice!So I slid down into our “go to” sex position that we call “X position.” This is where we lie at right angles with her on her back and me on my right side with my dick lined up with her pussy.I had applied coconut oil to her pussy before we started. So now I slid my dick deep into her pussy and began to thrust way in and almost out. She likes it hard and fast, but I was holding back a little because of her lower back pain. I could tell she was into the sex by her sighs and the expression on her face. We went at it for about a minute and a half and were both having a good time.But annoyingly, I had lain down on my oxygen tubing. It was so annoying and distracting, and it was making my erection wane some. I realized that I had to sit up and move the tubing.Then before I went back into her tunnel of love, I orally attacked my wife’s left nipple as I pumped my rod back to full power. Of course, she had never stopped buzzing her clit. In only 30 seconds or so, she was showing the signs of a coming peak.Then, in less than a minute, her back arched off of the bed as she shook like she was having a small internal earthquake! Her orgasm was a fast one and it was a doozy! And of course, her beautiful and voluptuous breasts swelled and flushed, and her face was more beautiful than ever!Her orgasms go on for a while, so for the past year, our version of simultaneous orgasms is that I slide back down into our X position as she is cumming down from her climax. Then, my cock pounding her pussy reignites her orgasmic flame. (More on this later.)So that happened this time too! I pounded into her oiled and now wet pussy! (I pounded, but I did so carefully.) Her internal pussy clasped at my rod and soon brought ME to an extremely pleasant peak as I shot a LOT of my man cream up into her caressing cunt that was absolutely milking my meat!Only a minute had passed since we had re-coupled. Remember that we had a very limited amount of time.We lay there briefly, and I thanked her for making my dreams cum true (pun intended.) But then we looked at the clock and realized we had to hurry and get cleaned up and dressed for babysitting/grandparents’ duty.Later (when we were alone) it was my sexy wife, Melodie, who pointed out to me that this way of climaxing IS simultaneous orgasms because she is still coming and starts to come even harder when I resume sexual intercourse after I’ve sucked her titties while she buzzes her pussy to orgasm.I think we take some pride in being able to overcome health obstacles and keep having very hot and fulfilling sex. Glory be to God for that because either of us could have died before now. His blessings and power have kept us alive and together in mortality.By the way, having this fast sex together and Melodie’s orgasm did not make her back hurt more. It actually distracted her from the pain.Also, cum to think of it, we both (of necessity) had a short fuse this morning!  This story was originally titled “Short Fuse,”  but before I submitted it I renamed it “Short Fuses.”