(L) – This story contains strong language.Using my dildo has become part of my routine almost every time I masturbate.  It’s amazed me that my pussy can accommodate a life-sized cock, when for a number of years my uninvaded vagina struggled to accept a small tampon or my finger.  Consistency has been the biggest key to unlocking pleasurable penetration and giving me great hope that PIV sex will be wonderful if I ever get married.  I’m still learning so much and have so far to go, but these last few months have been really encouraging.The dildo, as I’ve described in a previous post, is 6.5” in length, so just a tiny bit above average.  I forgot the girth, but it looks pretty average too.  I can’t remember why I settled on that size when making the purchase.  It may have been the cheapest but also most apparently quality dildo I saw on Amazon.  Plus, I wanted it to look realistic.  This particular dildo is a nice rubbery silicone with a helmeted tip, wrinkly balls, and fleshy pink-brown hue.  It also has a suction cup, so it’s usable in the shower. (I have a story about that which I’ll tell sometime.)Anyhow, on the day in question, I got exceedingly frisky while exercising, which is pretty common for me.  Since I exercise in the privacy of my room, I often undress partly or all the way down to my panties so I don’t sweat in my clothes.  And, well, it’s a nice view in the mirror too.  That, combined with finally being done with my period and having a sensitive and moist pussy, had me clenching my thighs and rubbing over my mound now and then.I finished my workout and stretching and spread a towel on the carpet, then laid on my back and rubbed myself over my thong for a few minutes.  That’s the best warmup for me, to get the blood moving in my vulva and my lower lips swelling and the flow of arousal increasing.I was lounging in the front of the mirror and the sight of my glistening folds had me hot and excited for more.  I hadn’t had a good session involving the mirror for a few weeks, and I was eager to see that very hot view of my pussy dripping cream, so I got my vibrator out and slid it all over my warm and wanting slit.  Wow, those sensations alone were delightful.  I pressed the vibe in easily.  Moving it slowly, just an inch or two in and out, and feeling the oval head stretching me deep inside was amazing.  I tried various angles, digging deep and touching different spots in my vagina, focusing on the sensations.All the while, I rubbed my clitoral hood.  That’s something else I’ve found out about my sexual pleasure: I need to rub the whole area on and around my clitoral hood, but rubbing the clit directly is WAY too stark and sensitive and unenjoyable.  There is something about the internal parts of the clitoris that I sense is what gives me pleasure.  I just have to keep working on deducing where exactly those feelings emanate from.It was time for the big show.  I pulled the vibe out and a beautiful long drip of cream oozed out.  Oh man, I love that view!  I slipped the vibe back in and enjoyed a little more probing while either sitting or reclining back on one elbow.  By now, my entire mound and crack were smeared with my juices.I was ready for more and grabbed my dildo, which I’d gotten out in preparation for this session of self-care.  So far, it’s easiest for me to get it inside me if I straddle it cowgirl-style.  I rubbed my wetness all over it, then pressed down slowly on the head.  It’s actually fairly heavy and stays in place if I just set it on the towel.  A little bit of working my pussy around it and slid right in.  Amazing.  I guess my vagina is learning to stretch.  Being aroused is so necessary too.I rode the cock for a few minutes, which feels so good, but my knees always start to really hurt.  So I have to switch to some other position.  I laid on my back and fucked myself both from the front, and then reached behind and did it from the rear, as if I was lying on my man’s chest and he was fucking up into me.  That feels incredible too since the cockhead is sliding along my G-spot (I think), but it kills my hand and arm.  (That’s one thing I am really looking forward to in marriage: I won’t have to do all the work all the time!)  I also propped myself up a bit so I could watch the fun in the mirror.  The sight of a cock thrusting into a wet, swollen pussy is so hot to me.I tried another position which was rather new for me: I got on my belly, facing away from the mirror, and looked back to see the very erotic view of my butt bouncing on the cock.  If I haven’t mentioned this before, one of my very favorite views is watching a guy from behind as he thrusts.  The next best thing is watching myself from behind! But it was hard to crane my neck that way and hold the dildo in place.  Thus that didn’t last long.Because I was so wet, I seemed to be losing some of the sensation of the cock sliding along my channel.  It called for experimenting.  I stood up and screwed myself from various angles, but that didn’t afford much enjoyment either.Back to the floor I went, my upper thighs wet and the dildo streaked with my cream.  I’ve been reaching orgasm a lot recently by basically spooning myself, lying partly on my side and reaching around to slide the cock in and out of my pussy from behind.  Again, that rubs up along the front of my vagina and seems to stimulate the internal part of the clitoris in tandem with my other hand rubbing the outer area.  The sensation renewed and became strong, warm, and overpowering.  I rubbed hard with one hand and worked the cock in short, deep-seated movements up into my pussy, and finally came hard, my insides convulsing.  It was a brief orgasm, but very fulfilling.I let the cock slip out, shiny with my juices and globs of my cum.  All I could do was lay there and get my breath.  Every time I have a session like this, I picture myself lying limp beside my future husband, him also spent from making love with me, and us just breathing and laughing together at how good it was.  And I always praise God for another experience that feels so good and gives me hope for future sex.