As I’ve posted stories, discussion questions, and comments here on MH over the past few years, I’ve voiced a fear of getting married and being deceived, cheated on, and hurt.  The reason for this fear has mainly come from situations I’ve observed or heard about where seemingly good Christian husbands were discovered to be unfaithful to their wives or engaging in perverted sexual activities, sometimes even with minors.  A few well-known pastors and ministry leaders have recently been exposed for this kind of sin.  Obviously, this is sinful and wrong and very damaging to the wives and children of these men, and certainly any victims.  I’ve heard of similar things happening to friends of mine or friends of friends.  It’s disturbing and has influenced my wary demeanor.However, over the last few months I’ve learned some other things which have helped me see more to the picture.  Let me stress that I am NOT excusing the sin of cheating or immoral husbands.  Not at all.  But I have discovered another dynamic which I did not really know about until recently.It started with the discovery (which I’ve shared here before) of trauma that my mom experienced some time in the past.  What or when it was, I don’t know.  Ensuing conversations with my dad have revealed that he and Mom are living in a basically sexless marriage as a result.  With their particular situation, this is not all her fault.  As far as we’re all aware, she does not remember this trauma.  She doesn’t know why she’s struggled with lack of sexual desire for years, though she and Dad tried to find the root cause.  They went to doctors and I believe some counseling years ago.  By God’s grace, they are now seeing a professional counselor who is also a Christian psychiatrist, so there is hope for them.But I wanted to learn more about this issue, so I began researching: reading articles, watching YouTube videos, and more.  I was stunned at what I found.  There is an entire demographic of couples where the wives refuse to give their husbands sex.  And it isn’t because they have a genuine problem like a traumatic past or a health issue.  They are just selfish, manipulative, and toxic.  There are several YouTube channels I watch on occasion which are kind of strong on the alpha male mindset (which isn’t always healthy) and they’ll show videos of women who are absolutely vicious towards their boyfriends/husbands.  Their words, their actions, the way they dress…it’s so sad and maddening.  It was very understandable that all the guys in the comments are encouraging each other to never get married so they won’t be trapped by these coldblooded women.When I first saw all this, I was horrified.  And yet, in a way I was kind of relieved.  Let me explain.The more I learned about the male brain and thought processes and needs and desires, the more I realized that I was unjustly demonizing men.  (Again, there are still immoral men out there who are sinning regardless of what their wives do, but I’m not talking about those here.)  There was more to the picture when it came to stories of infidelity on the man’s part.  Most of the time, they go to find sex, or some form of intimacy, outside the marriage because they’re being denied it at home.  Men NEED sex in marriage.  They need it like they need food.  It’s the way they feel love, respect, and fulfillment.  So when it is withheld or used as a bargaining chip, it damages the man in all those areas.  It even damages them physically.  My dad says that life is a daily struggle just to get past all the temptations.  This was eye-opening to me.And when I say I was relieved, I mean that I had found at least one of the keys to avoiding ever causing my future husband to cheat on me.  If I am meeting his needs with a welcoming, excited, loving spirit, he won’t WANT to stray.  I know this doesn’t mean he’ll never be tempted, but there is a lot that I can do to lessen that threat.  A man wants to be wanted.  Even those guys who aren’t super into physical touch still need that physical connection in order to feel masculine.Boy, learning this made me want to pour out all my love on some wonderful, lonely guy and assure him that I would always want and love him!All this to say that a rather painful fact of modern marriages turned out to play a role in freeing me from the anxiety I’ve suffered.  God literally does use all things for good to us who love Him! It really all goes back to Scripture and the plan God has for marriage.  If couples would just do it His way, there would not be any of this injury and heartbreak.I am stating here, as I have before, that I am going to strive with the help and power of God to be as different from those self-centered women as I possibly can be.  When (if) I get married, I am going to be one man’s hotwife, his Song of Solomon lover, his Proverbs 31 woman, his Queen Esther.  If my future husband could read my mind and see the imaginations on what I want to do with him physically, he would probably pass out.  I want to be completely uninhibited, free, passionate, sweet, tender, ravishing, and devoted.  I long to nourish him and cherish him with my words, my looks, my body, my actions, and my prayers.  All I could ask for is that he does the same for me.  Then we could live out the complete picture as God laid it out.  What a beautiful one it would be!Here are some of the YouTube channels I’ve found to be very enlightening are as follows:The Happy Wife School (I think someone else here on MH mentioned this lady.  She is epic and blunt and speaks truth)Melanie KingRebecca BarrettAlexey WelshThe Dr. John Delony ShowEmilywkingApplyGodsWord.com/Mark Ballenger