My husband and I went to a beautiful resort—adults only! Yay! Leading up to the vacation, we agreed to a two-week sex break because we knew we’d be going wild. So, for the fourteen days before we arrived at our resort, no sex. It didn’t prevent us from having urges, though. I would purposely tease him and vice versa, but we refrained from intercourse until our holiday commenced.Finally, the big day arrived, and we both knew what to expect. I packed the lube, massage oil, a blindfold, sexy swimsuits and dresses (including some see-through ones)—and high heels, which would serve more than one purpose. I had a plan.We could hardly wait to get to our room. The plane ride was tense, and landing even more s0. By the time we arrived at the resort, we were exhausted; only after we settled in and slept a bit did our sex drives go crazy. When I woke, my husband was still asleep, so I decided to put on my sexy swimsuit to surprise him. It didn’t cover much at all. Only a thin layer of silky fabric lay between us when I snuggled against him again.Sure enough, he was surprised. “Hello, beautiful,” my husband said as he woke. “How are you?”I kissed him with passion. “I can’t wait to fuck you, love. Take everything off,” I said.It didn’t take long for him to undress, and his erection sprung free, tipped with precum. Gosh, he was so hard that I immediately started getting wet.“Can’t wait until you’re inside me,” I moaned.“You’re so sexy,” he said.My husband pushed me back on the bed, and my pussy got wetter as our mouths explored inside each other. The thin fabric of my swimsuit didn’t prevent me from feeling his erection. My nipples got as hard as rocks, sensitive to the touch, and my heart started beating fast as my body flushed. I was lost in the moment.I felt his lips on my neck. By the time he made his way down to my breasts, I was ready to explode. He took each nipple in his mouth, one by one, and I couldn’t help but moan. Finally, he kissed down my stomach and planted kisses on each thigh.Then he went there—he kissed my clit through the lycra. I melted, and the quietest of moans escaped my lips.Next, my husband came back up and began to lick me all over, working his way down again. When he arrived this time, he licked my clit. I damn near lost it. He stopped and came back up to lick me again.“Baby, just fuck me,” I moaned. “Fuck me. I want to feel your dick inside me.”“I can’t do that yet,” my husband answered. “I have to check.” He took my swimsuit off, then stuck one finger inside me. I squealed!“Mmmmm,” he said, “you’re so wet, babe. You ready for my dick?”I nodded.“I’m almost ready to feel your pretty pussy on my dick. But not quite yet,” he said. Instead, he slipped two fingers inside me and fucking me with them, his mouth on my clit. I couldn’t help but scream out my moans. I put the pillow on my face, but it didn’t make any difference.“Fuck, baby,” I moaned. “Yes. Fuck! Feels so good.”“You like this, hun?” my husband asked.“Yes,” I moaned.My husband picked up the pace, and I was lost. I gave in to it all.“Fuuuuuuuck, baby. Right there. Yes,” I cried out. Sure enough, after some time, I felt it—gosh, I felt it! It was coming on hard. I couldn’t stay in place.“Omg, baby, I’m gonna cum. I’m gonna cum,” I moaned loudly. When I reached that point, I reached it hard. “Arggggggg!!! Omg!!! Baby, I’m cumming!!! I’m cumming!!! I’m cumming!!! I’m cumming on you!!!” My eyes rolled back, my body flexed, and I gripped the sheets like a lifeline. My release ripped through every bone in my body. As it took me over, I lost my breath for a few seconds. I was in my own world.“I love it when you cum,” my husband grinned as my release ended.“I want you inside me,” I moaned.“Not yet, baby,” my husband told me. “I need to make up for lost time.” He kissed my lips before eating my pretty pussy out, his mouth working wonders on me. Yet again, the pillow did nothing to cover my moans. I felt another release coming and couldn’t handle it. As I felt my build up, I wriggled all over the place, screaming at the top of my lungs. Thank goodness we were on an island, lol. Then I felt the orgasm coming and gave in yet again.“Baby, I’m gon’ cum.” I barely got the words out before the release arrived. My body shook, my eye rolled back, and I squeezed my husband with my legs as pleasure ripped through me again. I lost myself over and over.“Fuuuck!” I groaned. “I’m cumming, baby! I’m cumming on you! I’m cumming!”As my second orgasm finished, my husband grinned. “Damn, baby, you’re so sexy,” he said.“You made me cum twice; now I want you to fuck me. My pussy needs a good pounding.”“Really?” my husband asked.I nodded.“Guess I’ll have to pound you then,” my husband grinned.He took his hard erection and teased me all over, rubbing his penis over my clit and between my breasts before slowly entering me. But after he’d filled me, he pulled back out again.“Fuck me hard, baby,” I moaned.“I can’t fuck you just yet without you begging me,” he said.“I want you to fuck me hard,” I said.“Like this?” my husband asked, making very shallow thrusts before pulling out.“No. No. No,” I moaned. “Fuck me hard!”“Oh, You mean like this!” he thrust hard into me.“Yes,” I said, my eyes rolling back.My husband thrust in and out of me—sometimes shallow, sometimes deep—until we couldn’t take it anymore. He pounded my sweet, wet pussy as we both moaned. My vaginal walls craved his repeated ramming. Sweat poured from our bodies, and the sound of him pounding me echoed through the room.Pretty soon, he said the words that were sweet music to my ears. I knew it would happen.“I’m gonna cum,” he said.“Good. Inside me, baby,” I panted, wrapping my legs around him.He pounded my pussy until I knew.“Arggggggg! Fuck!” my husband grunted. “I’m cumming!”“Yes, baby. Cum in me, I urged.He thrust deep into me and released himself.“Yes, baby,” I moaned. “Fill my pretty pussy up. I’m happy when I feel your hard dick inside me,” I said.“I love feeling you on me,” my husband said, kissing me before pulling out.Of course, his hot cum leaked out of me. He grabbed some tissues before I leaked on the bed so we wouldn’t make a mess, lol. We knew this was just the start of our holy, sexy vacation.