This post contain strong language (L).They could’ve heard what was going on, but we didn’t care in that moment. My lovely husband was pounding my sweet pussy from behind. It was at our home, but my parents and family had come for a visit. Just a quickie, we thought. Our master bathroom was broken, so the main bathroom had to do. It was also early morning, and most of my family should’ve been asleep.His pants were around his feet, my pants around mine. It didn’t start this way.  Before we knew it, one thing led to another. Now we were in our bathroom, enjoying a quick moment. My eyes were rolling back at the sensations.“Right there,” I moaned slightly.Now, doggy is a good position for me. When my husband hits my G-spot, it hits strong. Here, he was hitting my special spot. I felt an orgasm building deep.“Fuckkkkk,” I moaned, eyelids fluttering. As my husband picked up his pace, making me weak, I growled, “Right there, baby.”My husband held my hips as he pounded me, his balls slapping against me.“Harder, baby. Harder,” I urged.So, my husband pounded my sweet pussy hard. I thought I was going to fall because it felt so good.“Yes, baby. I moaned. Keep going. Don’t stop.”Then, I felt it. Deep inside me.“You’re right on my spot,” I moaned. “Don’t stop. Right there! Right there!” Then….. “Fuckkkk.” I tried  to moan quietly. “Shitttttt.”My pussy walls were pulsing as my husband fucked me though my high. Tears were streaming down my face. I couldn’t hold back, couldn’t keep quiet. Everyone probably knew I was releasing. As I finished, I felt my high linger. My pussy was throbbing after what just happened.“I like it when you do that,” my husband said.Suddenly, we heard a knock on the door.“I need to use the bathroom,” a voice called.“You know we have two other ones,” I replied.“Someone’s in both,” the voice replied.Ugh,I said in my head. “I’ll be out in a moment.”My husband started pounding me again from behind while holding my hips.“I’m sorry  babe. Just cum in me,” I whispered.“I don’t want to yet,” he said.“Well, they’re gonna know what we’re doing in here if we don’t get out.”“Maybe they should,” he grinned, as he pounded my pussy harder.“Fuck, baby,” I moaned as quietly as I could. “Oh, gosh, baby. That feels so good.”My husband was slapping against me when …Knock, knock, knock.“Come on, I need to use the bathroom.”I sighed heavily.“I’m coming right out!” I said.However, my husband pounded my sweet pussy so that I lost myself again.“FUCK, right there,” I moaned slightly. “Ooooo…”“You like that?” my husband asked.I nodded.“Baby, we’re going to have to stop. Someone’s waiting.” I said.“Well, they can wait,” he said. “This is important!” as he pounded me deeper.“Fuckkkkk yeahhhhh,” I moaned. My eyes rolled back, not caring about anything. “Oh my gosh, you’re on my spot again.” I moaned.I heard another knock but didn’t care. When my husband is on my spot, I get lost. Nothing else matters.“Yes, right there,” I moaned quietly.My husband fucked me harder, to the point I felt as if my legs were going to give. I felt another climax building up.Another knock. “I need to do my hair.”I couldn’t even register the words before…“AHHHHH fuck, baby!” I tried to hold back, but it was impossible. “I’m cumming, baby. I’m cumming on you.” I whispered. My body shook, my eyes rolled, I looked a mess, but didn’t care. I smiled.“I came,” I smiled. “Twice.”“I know you did. I love it when when you make that face and your body can’t control any of it,” my husband said.“Now pound me and cum inside your pussy,” I begged.It didn’t take long for my husband to do just that. He pounded my sweet pussy until he gripped my hips tightly for that final push. Soon…“Ahhhh, shit,” my husband groaned as quietly as he could while releasing into me.“Yes,” I replied. “Baby, yes.”As my husband finished and pulled out of me, we had to clean up. We turned on the sink to pretend we were actually doing something in the bathroom. Then I opened the bathroom door and saw my Mom standing outside of it.I was assuming the knock came from one of my siblings or my nieces or nephew. Much easier to explain why you’re in the bathroom for so long with your spouse, especially to a kid, lol. But it was my mom. I was mortified. My mom looked back and forth at my husband and I and didn’t say a word. She simply closed the bathroom door behind her.I was hoping she didn’t hear any of what we were doing in that bathroom. But if she did, she would know her daughter and son in law love each other very much.