We have been married for over 33 years!  We are as hot for each other now as we were when we were in college, but the sex is better.  This is an account of a great night of sex and play that happened awhile back.One morning, I get a call from my wife at work.  She says “You have been a bad boy.  You have been having naughty thoughts about me.  Naughty boys have to take me on a date tonight.”I always love it when I get a call like this. It is my wife’s way of letting me know that she is horny and wants to be in charge in the bedroom tonight.  That does not happen very often, but when it does it is always a fun, hot, sexy night.After I hang up the phone, I make reservations at one of our favorite restaurants.  For the rest of the afternoon, I am preoccupied with thoughts of my wife.  I daydream about her being naked, about her breasts, about her pussy, and about the two of us passionately having hot sex.  I’m hard for the rest of the afternoon.  It is a good thing I don’t have any more meetings that day.When I arrive home, I am greeted with a long passionate kiss.  Then my wife whispers in my ear, “I have big plans for you later.”I am hard once again, and it is all I can do not to rip her clothes off and fuck her in the living room, but I know her plan is to make me wait.  We go to dinner, enjoying a nice bottle of wine and some great food.About halfway through dinner, my wife looks at me and says, “I don’t have any panties on, and I have shaved my pussy just for you.”The thought of my wife shaving her pussy just for me makes me all the more excited to get home and down to business.  She then looks at me and says, “You will have to wait until we get home to see and touch it.”She orders dessert so I have to wait even longer.  We finally leave the restaurant.  I try to reach over and feel her up on the way home, but she pushes my hand away.“You are going to have to wait till I say you can touch my pussy!”  She then gives me a wicked smile.When we get home I start kissing her neck, feeling her breasts, grabbing her ass, and pulling her close so she can feel my hard cock.“Let me go change, but you are not allowed to take anything off.  You sit on the couch and wait for me.”In about five minutes (although it seemed like hours), she returns dressed in a short black silk nightgown.  She lifts the nightgown to show me her ass and pussy, and motions me to follow her into the bedroom.Once in the bedroom, she looks at me and says, “Take off your clothes slowly.  I want to watch my man undress.”I do as I am told, and am now completely naked. My cock is as hard a rock.She then says to me “Were you a bad boy today?  Did you have naughty thoughts about fucking me at work? Bad boys need to be spanked on their bare bottom.  Get over my knee!”I get over her knee, and she begins spanking my bare bottom first with her hand, and then with a leather paddle.   She knows that I love for her to spank me. It always gets me so hot.  When she is finished, my ass is red and stinging good.  She then rubs my ass and reaches down to play with my balls and cock.Then she says “I need you to take care of my pussy now.  First, I want you to lick me out, but do not make me cum.”I happily roll off her lap onto the side of the bed.  I lift up her nightgown, place my face between her legs.  Her pussy is already wet, and licking out her bald pussy is amazing.  She moans in ecstasy as I use my tongue to lick out her bald pussy.  I take my hands and rub her breasts, and pinch her nipples.   When I finish licking her out, I pull off her nightgown and gaze at my hot naked wife.  Then then start passionately kissing.  Kissing her whole body, I suck on her breasts and rub my hands all over her.  I badly want to put my cock inside her, but I know it is not time.My wife then says, “I want you to make me cum first with a toy, and make me cum again by fucking me from behind.”I go to our nightstand and pull out the Enigma Wave by Lelo.  I cover the toy in lubricant and insert it into her already very wet pussy.  When I turn the toy on, she starts to moan and rub my cock.  As the toy does its magic, I put my fingers inside her and she moans louder.  I then move my finger and stick it in her ass and she starts to scream.  She cums hard.  I take the toy out.She grabs the lubricant, rubs it on my cock, and says “Fuck me so hard from behind.”I then roll her over, insert my cock into pussy, and begin pounding her hard from behind.  I smack her ass a couple of times.She screams “Harder, harder, make me so sore tomorrow!”  I continue to fuck her hard.She then says “I am going to cum, cum with me.”I moan, she screams, and we both cum together.  We collapse into each others arms.I then whisper into her ear “I love it when you take charge.”She then looks at me and says, “Me too, but in the morning I want you to take charge and wake me up for a morning fuck.”