After an exhausting leg day at the gym, I get home and hop in the shower. Washing away the sweat and grease accumulated from the intense session, my muscles finally relax under the warm water. As the water runs down my legs, my quads still have a massive pump from the heavy lifting. I flex them to show off my veiny muscular pump for my own enjoyment.Either due to the blood flow in my legs or the erotic nature of the moment, my other veiny member twitches as I flex—as if he is asking for a blood pump of his own. A tingle originating in my ball sack goes up through and to the tip of my soft cock. I let out a low and airy sigh in reaction as the steamy water continues to trickle down my body.After enjoying the hot shower a few minutes longer, I finish up, dry off, and crash on my bed. I never feel better and more relaxed than after a hard workout and a refreshing shower. Closing my eyes, I lie there for a few minutes in pure relaxation, my limp cock resting on my stomach, my short pubes drying off in the crisp air. My quad muscles are starting to relax their pump as the blood flow in my legs begins to return to normal. But all that extra blood has to go somewhere.As I lie there, I feel the blood flow slowly from my legs into my third leg. There’s nothing like the sensation of an unprovoked erection. It’s not orgasmic, but it feels electric. Still motionless, I soak in the sensations as my cock takes over and pumps blood to swell to full size. Throb after throb, I feel blood rush in as my sensitive cock skin stretches and moves to accommodate. The crisp air continues to tickle my now very sensitive and rock-hard cock.Eventually, my cock starts to ache for more attention than just the crisp air and blood flow. To continue this erotic sensitivity, I refrain from stroking my meat. Slowly, I press my thumb into the base of my cock until it’s standing straight and pointing toward the sky. I revel in the added sensation as my skin stretches further and the veins grow so large they look like they might burst. Holding this position, I moan as pleasure runs up and down my length from that one added point of pressure.I admire the length of my cock, standing tall and ready to be sat on by my future wife. It’s hot to imagine her feminine hand wrapped around the base of my cock, squeezing it, and guiding it into her pussy. This thought sends another rush of pleasure rippling through my engorged cock; I’m sure I would react the same to my wife lowering her wet folds over my raging manhood. To imagine her juices on my cock, I use my other hand to rub saliva under the swollen head of my cock.Because of this slow buildup, every small stroke sends a shockwave to my body. I continue this motion while daydreaming of the pure ecstasy that I’ll one day share with my wife. Eventually, I can take no more; my cock nears the point of no return. I need to end this with a bang. I spit all the saliva I can into my hand, slather it onto my cock, and stroke like a madman. My other hand continues to rub the base of my cock and tease my taint in the same movement.With this combination of sensations, it’s a matter of only seconds until my balls begin to ache. Just like I felt the blood flow through my cock moments before, I now feel the cum in my balls rise to and then shoot through the length of my shaft, erupting from my cock. Still standing straight, my convulsing cock launches rope after rope of cum into the air, landing all over my chest, legs, and cock.It feels like I’ve emptied my ball sack twice over. I finally slow my stroking intensity and begin to come back down to earth. My cock still tingles and gives me mini-convulsions, still trying to recover. My whole body breathes a sigh of relief as I relax again. Breathing as heavily as I did during my workout sets, I wonder if this should be my routine after every leg day.