What do you believe are the primary obstacles to deepening erotic love in your marriage? Pick top two.Lack of communication with my partner.External stresses (work, children, finances).Emotional or physical health challenges.Past experiences or unresolved issues.Differences in sexual desires or needs.Lack of quality time together.Trust issues or fears of vulnerability.Other - CommentView ResultsLoading ...It turns out that the name Marriage Heat is very connected to Song of Songs. Song of Songs 1:2 sets up the book, talking about erotic marriage love as “burning love.”  Before you study this passage, answer the following Marriage Heat Poll.Song of Songs 1:2Temporary Note: Pam and I are back from our Mediterranean cruise. We had an “ouh là là” time. I will post polls and a verse-by-verse study of the book of Song of Songs. (See Songs of Songs 1:1 –Click Here)Song of Songs 1:2: Beloved Speaking:“Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine.”Metaphors and InterpretationLet him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth:This line embodies a direct and passionate desire for physical intimacy and connection. Kissing, a universal sign of love and affection, is a metaphor for a deeper emotional and spiritual connection between lovers.“Your love is better than wine.”The term “love” stems from the root “dod,” which means “to boil.” This root appears 32 times in the Song of Songs, primarily denoting erotic love, lover, or beloved. In this poetic book, the “Lover” is the giver of erotic attention, while the “Beloved” is its receiver. The Song of Songs celebrates the erotic love between a husband and wife.Such fervent love is to be not only celebrated but also discussed, enjoyed, nurtured, and cherished. The term “dod” is versatile. It’s translated to mean “love”, the one who is loved (beloved), the one who loves (lover), and those sharing love (lovers). Notably, the word marks the beginning and end of the Song of Songs, appearing in 1:2 and 8:14, as well as multiple verses.The imagery of boiling or simmering can metaphorically refer to strong emotions or passions stirred up within a person. Just as a pot of water begins to move and bubble when heated, emotions like love can be seen as a powerful force that “heats up” within someone, leading to strong feelings and actions.Interestingly, the Beloved does not refer to “our love.” She speaks explicitly of “your love,” valuing his deep affection and desire for her. She doesn’t merely acknowledge his feelings but actively craves them, likening them to the allure of fine wine. Embracing her femininity, especially about his masculinity, she understands she was crafted especially for her lover. Within this dynamic, she is the Beloved, and he is the Lover. She remains wholly confident and at ease in her femininity.Sacred Text – 1 Corinthians 7:8-9:But I say to the unmarried and to widows, it is good for them if they remain even as I am. But if they don’t have self-control (the calling or gift of celibacy), let them marry, for it’s better to marry than to burn.Heat Conversations:Marriage Heat:The book begins by directing our attention to erotic love, describing it as a “boiling love” designed by God for marriage. Do you feel content with the heat in your marriage? To what extent are you willing to “turn up the heat?” What are the obstacles you face in surrendering to love?Desire for Connection:The beloved openly expresses her desire to become the object of his physical intimacy. How important is open communication about your desires?Joy and Pleasure:The comparison to wine suggests that their erotic love brings unparalleled joy and pleasure. How do you feel when you hear this?Better to Marry than to Burn:The Apostle Paul affirms that erotic love is normal and natural and that marriage is the place to explore that ‘heat.’ Have you ever reflected on how God has hardwired humans for erotic love?