(A) – This story contains anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.Part onehere.I woke up out of a fog, lying face down on the bed.  My hands were tied to the bed posts.I felt my virgin asshole being licked.  I tried to speak but I could only mumble and moan as I felt what I thought were my panties stuffed in my mouth and his tie wrapped around my head, holding them in place.  My mind reeled as I realized I was getting every desire I typically fight for with him. But maybe he just wasn’t ready for it before, I thought as he pushed his tongue into my asshole.My body shook as I cried out, my asshole clenching around his tongue.  I continued to shake and moan as he pressed the tip of his tongue in and out.  The sensation was pure pleasure as my scent filled the room and my juices flowed afresh.  He pulled away, and I felt him kneel between my spread legs.Twisting my head around, I saw him squirt a large amount of lube all over his hard cock and rub it all around.  Placing his big strong hand on the back of my neck, he leaned down and pressed his fat cockhead against my asshole.  I trembled as he whispered, “You ready to give yourself completely to me?”I mumbled a yes, and he yanked the gag out of my mouth, and I coughed and panted.“I can’t hear you.”“Yes, please, yes. Take me.”And I cried out as he slowly, carefully worked his cock, inch by inch, into my virgin ass.  The pain was intense yet bearable, and my pussy juices flowed copiously as I experienced the pleasure of complete surrender and of knowing he was doing this for me, not himself.With his cock buried completely in my ass, he held it there. My body tingled, and he slapped my ass with both hands, squeezing as he pulled out and pushed painstakingly back into me.“Take me. Yes, take me,” I mumbled over and over.The discomfort eventually dulled, then turned to ecstacy. The angle of his cock thrusting into me pushed him against a deep pleasure spot on the front wall of my pelvis. I started moving my ass around and pushing back to meet his thrusting cock.“Yes, that it, SLUT, ride my fucking cock.”I gasped at being called a slut. My husband’s slut. It was such a turn-on. I begged him, “Fuck me, fuck your li’l slut. I’m yours. Do with me as you wish.”He started slamming his cock into me harder, taking my breath away each time as he pounded me into the bed.  My pussy started to spasm, and I screamed out. My eyes fluttered, and my juices gushed again.  He groaned and collapsed on my back. His cock exploded, shooting his cum deep into my ass over and over.  A deep, overwhelming relaxation overcame me, and I lay peacefully until his hardness subsided and he slipped easily from my well-used ass hole.