My wife has always been big into nipple play but has never been patient enough to let nipple play bring her to orgasm. Whenever she starts getting horny, she wants me to either go down on her, to finger her, or go inside of her in order for her to cum, but the other night was different.Due to life circumstances, it had been a while since we came together, so we were both really charged up. After making out and kissing her body all over, I zeroed in on her glorious nipples. This made her arch her back more than normal and let out a louder than normal moan. Taking the non-verbal cue, I flicked her right nipple harder than normal and alternated swirling my tongue on her left areola and then very firm direct pressure on her nipple. I was also flicking it with my tongue up and down, then back and forth, then swirling and sucking while pulling, pinching and twisting her left nipple. After several minutes, I then used my mouth on her left nipple, while I pulled, pinched, and twisted her right nipple.While this was happening, her moans goy more intense, her gasps deeper, and her pussy wetter and wetter. Her hips moved up and down more rapidly, and at that point, she lost all ability to speak. Only moans, gasps and pleasure sounds came out, but I knew that what I was doing was working for her!Then came the point when her quick, rapid gasps turned into shorter but more intense gasps with more time in between. I knew she was getting VERY close! The last couple of gasps turned into loud whimpers. I continued to stimulate her sensitive nipples, and finally one long scream came out as she started to cum.Her hand immediately went to her pussy where she started stroking herself. That and my nipple stimulation caused her to have about eight hard and intense orgasmic jerks. Her orgasm didn’t end for at least 30 seconds, and she rode that wave for about 90 seconds.I then entered her and made her cum a few more times before she grabbed my nipples for a few minutes and gave me my own insanely intense orgasm.We will be trying this again many more times in the future!