This post contains strong language (L).My husband and I felt the pull, felt God  tell us, “It’s time.” After much prayer, we were ready to start having children. We can’t wait to be parents. The sweet thought that making love will result in our beautiful child excites us. Sex is so powerful!We wanted to start trying on the first day of the new year. I even calculated our due date if I  got pregnant on New Year’s Day. But our excitement got the best of us; we couldn’t wait. We tried, but the pull was so strong. So a few months early, I flushed my birth control down the toilet. We began fucking seconds after.My husband lifted me, took me to our bed, and undressed us both. My mind had my pussy wet already, so we skipped touching, kissing—any foreplay at all. I wanted him to enter me immediately. There was something so hot about fucking without any protection for the first time. My husband was dripping pre-cum as we tongue-kissed. His body burned under my fingers as his hard cock entered me.“Shit!” I yelled as his hard cock separated my walls. Maybe some foreplay would have been better, but I couldn’t care less at the moment. “Pound me, baby,” I commanded.My husband thrust hard, his stiff cock pounding my sweet, wet pussy. Our bed creaked and rocked with his rhythmic hips, bouncing my breasts.“Oh, yes, baby,” I moaned.“Rub your pussy for me,” my husband said.I started fingering my clit as my husband continued thrusting.“That’s it,” my husband said, “cum on this cock.”Sweet moans filled the room as we fucked. We had not a care in the world for who might hear us. I felt my orgasm build and kept up the steady pace of my finger, anticipating the waves that would soon wash over me.“I’m almost there,” I moaned.“Cum on my cock, baby,” my husband said. “Cum for me.”I felt it. I felt it coming. It was time. My body started to shake as I squeezed my eyes tight and gave myself entirely to my release.“Oh, shiiiiiit!” I moaned loudly.“That’s right, baby, cum! This is your cock to cum on.”“I’m cumming, baby,” I moaned. My pussy tightened around my husband’s sweet cock. Jolts of electric pleasure spread over me. “Fuuuuck!” I screamed.“Mmmm, that’s right, baby,” my husband growled. “I like seeing you cum.”It’s usually hard for me to cum, but this first unprotected sex resulted in my most intense orgasm ever. It was deep in my soul, and I shed a few tears at the sheer power of it. As my released finished, my husband stopped. He looked deep into my eyes, his gaze touching my innermost being.“I can’t wait to get you pregnant, my love,” he said.Well, fuck me, baby. Get me pregnant now.”My husband didn’t resist; he pounded my sweet wet pussy. The sounds of the bed rocking and our bodies slapping together melded with our moans like music.A few minutes later… “I’m gonna cum in you!” my husband moaned.I wrapped myself tightly around him. “Cum, baby,” I whispered. “I want you to cum. Get me pregnant with our baby.”One more deep thrust did it. “Arghhh!” my husband grunted as he released himself into me.I echoed his words: “That’s it, baby, cum in this pussy. This is your pussy to come in.”After he released inside me, we stayed put and kissed for a while before my husband pulled out of me. Some of his cum spilled out on the sheets, but I didn’t care.I knew it might take some time for my body to clear the birth-control hormones, but making love without a care in the world was incredible. Trying to get pregnant brought out a different side of us, knowing each time could be it—we could get pregnant! The thought of my husband’s cum embedding in my egg and creating our baby was so sweet. There’s no pressure, of course, but trying for a baby is so hot.My husband and I made love eight times that week. We did it almost everywhere; nothing was off-limits, lol. Maybe the birth control side effects are wearing off, or it’s just the added excitement, but my drive is through the roof, and I came especially hard a few times. Sex is now so fun and relaxing.We can’t wait to announce our pregnancy when the time comes. But, for now, we’ll enjoy fucking each other as we try to grow our family and have fun. Stay tuned!