When my husband and I are home, we both are barely dressed. This particular Saturday, I was wearing a short t-shirt and nothing else. My husband, Rick, was only in his boxers. We live in a country club on the golf course, with the back of our house 30 feet from the course. Our sofa faces the big window. So with the curtains open, anyone can see in. That’s why my husband likes me barely dressed. He loves it when others might accidentally see me, and quite frankly, I do now as well.So I walk into the room and Rick is sitting on the sofa.He says “Hey sexy, come over here. Turn around, and let me see that ass.”I spin around and show him my ass.He says, “Let’s have some fun,” which means I am about to get fucked.He says, “You just might give a show. Golfers might see if you took your shirt off and bared your big tits.I take my shirt off, and I’m completely naked in the window, I can’t tell if they are looking at me or not. But my big tits are are hard to miss, lol. My husband has his big cock out, stroking it as the window frames me. I told Rick I knew he liked the risk.He says, “Come sit on my cock, I want you to fuck me.”Making my way to the sofa, I face my husband and slide my pussy down on his big cock. He kisses me as I move my hips. I sit up with my tits in his face. He grabbed my hips and started to slam me down on his cock. All the way to his balls, and back up to the head of his cock. I could feel every vein in his big cock as I fucked him. I threw my head back and started moaning and screaming.“Yeah baby, you like this pussy. It’s your pussy.”My husband says, “Yes baby, oh God yes, give me my pussy,” as he squeezed my big tits. “Put those big tits in my face.”At this point, I get into the squat position and slam my pussy down on that big cock. My husband moaned.“Fuck me, baby, make me cum. Fuck me hard.”As I slam my pussy down, his entire length is buried inside of me.I scream, “Oh God, baby, I am going to cum,” and my pussy explodes, squirting all over my hubby and our sofa.“Oh God, Paula,” he moans “fuck me hard, ride my cock. Give me your pussy, baby. Fuck me.”As my pussy slams down on his cock, he screams out, “Oh God, Paula, I am going to cum in your pussy.” I continue to slam my pussy all the way down to his balls.He floods my pussy with spurt after spurt of hot cum as I kiss him. I can literally feel his cum hitting my pussy walls as he unloads in me. We kiss while I’m still sitting on his cock.He says, “Get up slowly, baby. I want to see my cum running out of you.”I slowly slide his cock out of my pussy, and his cum pours out of me like a fountain. I fall beside him on the sofa with my legs open. He can see my freshly fucked, cum filled pussy as I spread my pussy lips open.  I love that feeling of being full of cum. It makes me feel like a woman.My husband wound up fucking me all over our house that day, giving me more cum every time. My pussy was so sore the next day I could barely walk straight. But I loved it and wondered how many people caught our surprise “show.” My pussy is wet now just thinking about it as I write this.