The Sunday evening trip to the Emergency Room was not fun. Waiting in the ER – not fun, either. But finding out that I needed surgery right away wasreallynot fun. Having to wait an extra day (all of Monday) for the surgery on Tuesday was not fun either.But we still found a way to have “fun!”So, I had to stay in the hospital. They also set up a convertible bed in my hospital room for my Melody.I required supplemental oxygen to breathe adequately on Monday morning, But I also needed some type of wife-lovin’. So we figured something out.We have dealt with this before at a big (out-of-state) hospital many years ago. So we had an inkling of what to do now. In that Boston hospital, the bathroom of each patient room had a lock on the door, so no one could just walk into the bathroom. But I was on a constant heart monitor and video feed to the nurses’ station when in the hospital bed.Let me tell you about how we worked out the Boston hospital fun first:I had had major chest surgery just a couple of weeks before. My wife had stayed with me in Boston the whole time, but her boss would not give her any more time off from work. So she was leaving early to fly home the next day. We decided to give each other a sexy goodbye send-off.The nurse agreed to let Melody help me with my “shower.” This was the only time I wasn’t on camera and all wired up with EKG cords. Melody and I knew this, so she “helped me” take a shower.But what a shower!We kissed a few times as she helped get me out of the hospital gown. There was not much to the gown, so she did a little easy-access fondling of my man parts, and we kissed some more. I was quickly naked, and my wife pulled all the EKG stickers off. Then she stripped and joined me in the walk-in shower. She gently helped wash and rinse my incision.I was grateful, but I’m telling you, the full sight of her curvy beauty was working its magic. In spite of the pain meds I’d been on, I got super hard. (It HAD been two weeks since we’d had sex on the morning before my surgery.) Soon my fingers were playing a rhythm stroking on her clit and vulva. I slid one then two fingers into her pussy a few times too.Melody was saying, “Ooooo! That feels so good!” Soon she detached herself from me and, without drying off, walked over to the sink. Her buns were waving and wagging an invitation!Of course, I quickly realized that she was ready and horny. “I know what you’ve got in mind!” I said. But I didn’t say it too loudly. A CNA or nurse might be outside.In fact, a nurse knocked on the door just then and asked if everything was going well with my shower.“Doing fine!” an embarrassed Melody replied. We continued on when we were sure the nurse had left.I was surprised that Melody was now turning around. She bent over to tongue-titilate my left nipple. I began pumping my rod, but she insisted that I needed to not overdo things. She then bent over, took my hard erection into her mouth, and gave me a minute-long fellatio session. Then we continued our sex session with her bending over the sink and me sinking my drill into her mine of love.I can still remember the slapping sound echoing off the walls as we did it in a sort of standing doggy-style! I think we both marveled that I could do any of this. Truth be told, we were just desperate to share our sexual love before we were apart!Also to our surprise, my pain was clearly overwhelmed by the sexual marital pleasure, and I was eventually able to cum deep inside my Melody’s pussy.“I love my present!” she exclaimed in a whisper. (“Her present” is my semen in her pussy.)I had been able to watch my dick’s shaft plunge in and out of her wet pussy! Believe it or not, I felt intense love and gratitude to her and to God for giving us to each other! I was also very thankful that we were still together in mortality. She let me know that she felt the same way. She had cum too!Back then, 20 or so years ago, we’d usually have more fun, up to 3-5 orgasms each. But I HAD just had thoracic surgery, and once was enough this time. We washed up again in the shower and helped dry each other off, although Melody did more cleaning and washing and drying of me than I did for her.Her after-sex glow on her skin and face and in her beautiful Nordic eyes is just an amazing sight for me. It was a beautiful sight 22 years ago, and it is now too!YESTERDAY in the hospital bathroom, we were waiting for my turn in the operating room (OR). With no lock on the bathroom door, Melody wasn’t comfortable stripping and doggy-styling it like we’d done in Boston. So my wife played with my man-nips and orally loved on them as well as I stood partly in the warm shower. But my breathing was terrible, even though I wore supplemental oxygen in the shower.“Can I see some boobie?” I asked.Melody sat down on the closed toilet seat and bared one breast at a time, using her fingers to play with the bare nipple. Watching her titillate her tits always gets me going! I sat there on the shower bench and pumped my rod as I watched my wife’s boobie play.I was climbing up to the summit when a relative called to see how I was doing. Melody took the call but put her boobies away first. After the short call ended, Melody played with my nips some more. Then I sat back down on the shower bench as she resumed titty play on her own nipples. I had the warm shower water soaking my cock as I pumped away. But then she brought one nipple in for “Tommy lovin’!” My mouth engulfed it, areola and all. I licked and sucked, all while I kept pumping my erection. Sucking her titties made me even harder!I paused the oral ministrations to her tit. “We don’t want your tits to be unequally yoked,” I quipped. Melodie quietly laughed, then uncovered her other beautiful and sexy tit for me. I feasted on more raspberry-shaped hard nipple!She eventually returned to the closed toilet seat and continued on with her nipple self-play. I leaned back while on the shower bench. Warm water was still showering down on my groin, and it felt great to stroke my shaft in the moist air and warm water. I was loving her tittie show!Eventually, my orgasm exploded all over my somewhat hairy tummy. It took 15 more minutes in the shower to get all the semen washed off my torso and tummy hair.Melody thought it was pretty funny how long it took. But she was jealous of my tummy because she likes the cum deep inside her swollen pussy.I should add that we did this same thing the day before my surgery too. We did it in pretty much the same way, but without the phone call interruption.So although it was probably foolish to do these things given my life-threatening situation, our love and God’s assistance pulled us through in a big way!!!This local hospital’s patient bathrooms had no lock, but we found a way! Now that we’re back home and I’m doing rather better, we plan on a major romp… with Melody having some Big Os of her own! When we are sexual and she doesn’t cum, she is wired and on fire the next time we make love! I’m sure that will be tomorrow because we usually have full sex every third day, and it will be six days since my “Fred” went pussy exploring in her cave of wonders!Keep on lovin’. We do, no matter the circumstances!