(F) – This story contains a roleplay fantasy of extra-marital sex.(L) – This story contains strong language.It had been a difficult few years with COVID and my business not going well. My wife and I had drifted a part. So much so she suggested seeing other people. I couldn’t believe it when she told me. I didn’t see it coming.I found myself walking towards a restaurant to meet a woman I’ve never met. We connected via one of those apps. Goodness, I never thought I’d be going on blind dates with ladies I met on the internet, but things had changed, and I needed to move on.I found the restaurant. Before entering I took a deep breath. I was nervous.The restaurant was busy. There were people at the bar, and most of the tables looked full. I was a little early, so I went to the bar and ordered a beer.I found a table down the back, took my beer and checked my phone. No messages. I then started people-watching. It seemed everyone was having a great time. It was loud and buzzing. Then I noticed her. She was sitting across the bar. She was incredible. She wore a black skirt that ended just below her knees. Her hair was up. She was stunning. I tried to be subtle, but I think she noticed me looking at her. I felt a bit awkward, but I was mesmerized. I couldn’t stop looking at her.She got up and started walking towards me. I was nervous! Was she coming to me? She kept coming and yes, she was coming to me.She came to the table and asked bluntly, “Why are you staring at me?”I couldn’t lie. “You’re very beautiful! I didn’t mean to stare, but I couldn’t help myself.”She smiled. That smile killed me. At least she wasn’t angry. Still, I knew I was in trouble.“Would you… like to take a seat?” I asked hesitantly.After a brief pause, she accepted.After that, parts of the night were a blur. I introduced myself, and she told me her name. I ordered her a drink. I didn’t know what to say; I hadn’t picked up a girl for many years.She sensed my nervous and said, “It’s okay, we’re just talking.” She patted my hand reassuringly. Her touch was electric.We talked for a good hour about all kinds of things—it was brilliant. Eventually, she excused herself to the ladies room. I somehow remembered my blind date, and, still not seeing her anywhere, I sent a text saying I couldn’t make it. I’m sure that came across as rude, because I didn’t get a response.The amazing woman I’d met came back to the table. She sat across from me and… to my shock, opened her legs slightly. Her skirt fell across her legs in a way that I caught a glimpse of her panties. That got me excited. I’m sure she did it on purpose.Her phone buzzed, and she read a text. Rather unexpectedly, she said, “I’m sorry I have to go.”“Why?” I asked.“My husband just returned from a trip early.”I sighed and offered to walk her to her car, and she accepted.I paid the check, and we headed out. We stepped into the night, which was hot and humid. She led me down a couple of lanes. It was dark, with almost no lighting around, and it seemed completely deserted. I’m glad I offered to walk her, because it didn’t seem safe with the area so dark. We got to her car.“I’m sorry I have to leave,” she said. She really did seem to be reluctant to leave.So I took a risk. I couldn’t help myself. I stepped in and kissed her gently.She kissed me back.The kiss continued, growing more passionate. Our tongues intertwined. My hands started moving down her body to her bum. She had a sexy, tight backside—she was hot. She began running her hands through my hair. My hands moved up her body and cupped her tits. The were firm and a lovely size. Her hands moved down and rubbed my crotch.It was quiet and dark in the lane, but I wanted more privacy. I stopped kissing her, took her hand, and lead her around the other side of the car, away from the road.I kissed her again and our hands continued exploring. I moved to kissing and sucking her neck. I then moved my hand under her skirt and touched her pussy. She wassowet, which made me even more excited.I fell to my knees, moved her panties to one side, and starting licking and sucking her clit. I devoured her abundant juices. She was moaning and running her hands through my hair. I moved my finger and entered her pussy. I fucked her with my finger while licking and sucking her clit. She moaned and involuntarily stretched up on her toes as she came.When she regained control after her orgasm, she pulled me up and turned me so my back was against the nearby wall. She kissed me and tasted her own juices on my lips. She unzipped my pants and dropped them. Quickly, she sank to her knees and started kissing my rock-hard cock. She licked up my pre-cum and circled her lounge around my head. Then she took my cock deep into her mouth. She sucked and licked.I moaned, “I’m about to cum.”She stopped. Had she continued a second more, I would have cum all over her face.She turned around and said, “Fuck me, I want your cock in me!”Without arguing, I lifted her skirt, moved her panties to the side, and rubbed the head of my cock against her pussy.She assertively demanded again, “Fuck me! I want it now!”I pressed my cock inside her. She was warm and tight. She felt amazing! I was hot with arousal, as was she, and I started pounding her.It didn’t take long before I said, “I’m going to cum!”She responded, “Yes, give me your cum, fill me up, fuck me!”With that I shot my hot load of cum deep inside her. After pumping ever drop inside her, I pulled my cock out.She turned around, grabbed my cock and said, “I love it when you fuck me, Tony. That was hot.” With a playful wink, she said, “Can I give you a lift home?”I responded, “That would be great, my beautiful, sexy wife.”We agreed that role play was sexy and we’d do more in the future.