(Mary Beth’s POV)Tonight we had our pastor and his new wife, who had just returned from their honeymoon, over for dinner. During the meal, an unexpected snowstorm with blizzard conditions let loose. The pastor wanted to leave quickly, but Benjamin would not hear of that and convinced them to stay the night.We all sat up late, sharing some wine, talking, and laughing.  Abigail said that she and her husband were turning in, but Benjamin and I stayed up to let the fire burn down.  Benjamin stood to stir the fire and asked if he should put another log on or let it burn out. When didn’t answer, he looked back over his shoulder to see I’d removed my dress. I lay back on the couch with my legs open, showing him my very wet pussy and thighs and rubbing my breasts and my hard dime size nipples.  Smiling, Benjamin turned to face me and quickly undressed. (I am still amazed by how handsome he is at 55 and at that big, hard cock of his.)“Come here,” Benjamin says, but I playfully shook my head no. “NOW,” he says with authority. That’s the tone I wanted; it sent tingles through my body as I slid off the couch and crawled ever so slowly toward him, wiggling a lot.  As I did, I heard the bathroom door open. I peek up and see the light turn off but the door left open a crack. I made out Abigail’s face before it went dark.Grinning, I knelt before my husband and wrapped my hands around his cock. As his fingers interweaved in my hair and grabbed my head firmly, I opened my mouth wide and let him pull me to him.  His fat cock head pushed in, and we both moaned once my lips close around his shaft.Benjamin shook, his cock pulsing as he strained not to cum. I felt and tasted some of his fluid leaking into my mouth, and I moaned as I drank it down.  I loved the feel and taste of his thick, salty cum as it slid over my tongue and went down my throat.  I tried to take all of him in my mouth and down my throat, but his grip on my hair held me back as he moaned and shook again. I knew knowing he wouldn’t be able to hold it back.Suddenly, Benjamin groaned and yanked my head and mouth off him. He grabbed his cock in his other hand and squeezed it hard at the base. It throbbed and pulsed as his cum pushed hard for release, even leaking from the tip.“You drive me crazy, baby, like a teenager. You make me want to cum by just looking at or touching me.” Benjamin leaned back against the mantle, his legs wobbling and a huge grin on his face. “God, I love this woman,” he prayed. Then to me: “Turn around, my slutty girl.”His words made me tingle with excitement. I did as he said, glancing up toward where I’d seen Abigail’s face—but all was dark. Probably she’d headed to bed already.Benjamin knelt behind me, his hard cock lying against my back. He pushed me down until my face and tits met the carpet and my ass poked straight up. His big hands squeezed my asscheeks, and his thumbs rubbed down my crack and over my asshole, making me moan.  I gasped and scraped my nails down the carpet as he pressed his thumb into my asshole. Then, his fat cock pushed into my pussy, and I cried out as I stretched around him. He didn’t stop till he’d fed the whole thing into me. Next, he replaced his thumb with his middle finger in my asshole, running it along his cock through my inner wall.Meanwhile, my hand slid between my spread thighs and began to work. With the combination of the movement of his finger in my ass, the pressure of his cock deep inside me, and clitoral stimulation, it wasn’t long before I lost it. I started shaking, and my pussy spasmed, sending a flood of hot honey over his cock.Benjamin pulled back slowly and then shoved fully back in. I cried out again, and he grabbed my hair and pulled my head up and back. I could see that the guestroom door wasn’t quite closed. I hoped the sounds of our activity made our youthful friends feel comfortable enough to enjoy each other in our home—not that newlyweds typically needed much encouragement.“Fuck me, Benjamin. I love your cock.” I encouraged him to begin thrusting. “Mmmm, yes! Take me; love me.”“Yesss, take it, baby. Cum all over my cock again.” He started pounding, hard and deep, the slapping of our bodies as loud as our voices.“I’m cumming, baby! Ohhh, ye-e-esss!” I shook and spasmed, my juices gushing out of my pussy with each of his thrusts. Then I relaxed, just enjoying the feeling of him fucking me.Benjamin lowered my limp body to the floor, then pulled out and rolled me to my back. He pushed my legs open wide, and I thought,he’s going to pound me more and plant his seed deep again.Instead, he grabbed his cock and stroked it, looking down at me.“I LOVE YOU,” Benjamin groaned and started pumping ropes of cum all over me, covering my body in his essence. Once he finished, I lay there, rubbing it all over my body and dipping my cummy fingers in my pussy until Benjamin helped me up and took me to our bedroom.