Melody and I had married the previous day.  For no lack of trying, we had not been successful at her gifting me her virginity.We had done some great sexual things, but she was just too tired to get fully aroused, and her pussy was too tight for us to succeed at having intercourse.It was five in the morning when Melody gently shook me awake, and I opened my eyes to a beautiful sight; it is burned into my mind as one of my favorite memories of my life.  (Another favorite memory was our marriage the day before. But now it was the next day in our luxury hotel room.)  My beautiful bride was lying on one side, facing me.  She was beautifully nude and leaning up on one elbow, looking me in the eye.  I was gazing at a gorgeous voluptuous babe who was also my best friend.She said one line. “ Let’s DO this!”I was completely awake at once!  Come to think of it, the sight of her curvy, athletic, porcelain-skinned, lovely body and gorgeous, deep-set eyes had me fully awake immediately.I practically tore off my PJs, crawled over, and went to work.  We kissed, and soon I was sucking on each nipple as she cupped her boobs and offered them to me in turn.“Yes!” Melody whispered, writhing in pleasure as I loved on her mounds.  Then I reached down to her pussy and began stroking her.  It was very obvious that she was FAR more aroused and ready for lovemaking than she had been the night before.As I was orally loving on her nipples, I experimented with different ways to stroke her pussy, and soon her writhing became way more intense.  I think I found the “key to her door.”  (See Song Of Solomon 5:4)It was amazing and surprising to me.  I had been married before, but I learned that my new wife needed to be touched and her pussy/clitoris stroked in a completely different way!Then, to my renewed surprise, her pussy began to flow.  I gently put my pinky into her pussy.  Then I used just my ring finger and pushed it up and in further.  Next, I slid only my index finger in deeper and used her natural juices to moisten and then stroke her clit.  I was hopeful that the finger penetration would help stretch her hymen.“Mmmmm, yes.  Keep doing that,” she said in a husky sexy voice.  I had not ever heard that amazing, aroused tone from her before, not even the night before – our wedding night.Finally, I slid my middle finger up inside her wetness.  She squirmed her pussy against my finger, opening her legs wider as we went on.  As my fingers did all this, I kept sucking and tongue flicking Melody’s nips.  Her boobs seemed to flush and swell even bigger.  She was soooo beautiful and sexy.I could not wait any longer.  I climbed on top of Melody’s lovely body, and she gently took hold of my shaft to help align my VERY hard “Fred” with her tight pussy.  (She had named my cock “Fred” when she saw it for the first time on our wedding night.)Now, Melody had never had anything in her pussy bigger than the smallest-sized tampon.  And not to brag, but I’m well above average size down there.  But my tip is nicely tapered as well, which I think helped with what came next.My glans could feel how wet she was.  I slowly pushed in.  She winced in pain.“OWEE! OWEE!” she cried out.  So I stopped moving.“Don’t stop!” she immediately demanded.So I pushed my cock in again.  This time she cried out louder, OWEE! OWEE! DON’T STOP!”I did not want to hurt my bride, but I knew I had to push in again.  And again she cried out even louder, “OWEE! OWEE! DON’T STOP!!!I realized that my beautiful Melody wanted us to consummate our marriage.  She REALLY wanted me in her pussy, so I had to truly go for it.  I did a very hard thrust up into her beautiful pussy and felt her hymen rip open to let my hungry cock in!  As my shaft slid into her, I could the torn, sharp edges of her popped cherry felt like they were almost cutting my shaft.I had thrust in deep, and I stopped to look down into those beautiful eyes, watery with unshed tears.  Gently, I brushed a hair away from her face.“It’s okay now,” I said. “I love you.”“I love you too,” she replied, and her big, expressive eyes told me that her love for me was absolute.  I kissed her long and deeply with my tongue deep inside her small mouth like my dick was deep in her wet pussy.  She kissed me back in spite of the pain of her torn hymen.  But She told me later she LOVED the feeling of me inside her for the first time.I began to thrust in and out very slowly.  My shaft could feel her hymen tearing more, and I saw her wince a few times before her tight vagina loosened up just a bit.I felt the instinct to go faster, deeper, and harder, so I gradually sped up.  I had previously asked her to keep her beautiful eyes open as much as possible, so my eyes enjoyed her facial beauty as my penis was entranced by the caresses of her pussy!  Plus, there was still occasional biting pain on my shaft to remind me that I was the man who had the honor of receiving her virginity.Her face, which already looked 10-15 years younger than her real age, began to glow.  Though 11 years older than me, she really did look like a horny 19-year-old bride becoming a woman.  She had no makeup on, so this was her raw and aroused beauty.  Based on the ecstatic look on her face, it was clear that she was REALLY enjoying our lovemaking and the feel of an erection deep inside her willing vagina.  And I learned then that the more aroused she is, the more beautiful and sexy she looks to me. AsI progressed into an absolute pounding of Melody’s pussy, I watched her face, and all the signs said she was enjoying it more and more.  She was clearly in deep sexual arousal!Melody’s boobs seemed to swell, and her nipples looked for all the world like ripe, red raspberries.  I couldn’t resist leaning in—without slacking my pounding pace—to suck on one nipple, and just then, she hit the peak!It was a gift from God for me to see such aroused beauty in my lovely, no-longer-a-virgin wife.  She strived to keep her eyes open (mostly successfully) as the caressing contractions of her still-tight pussy immediately sent ME to MY orgasmic peak!  We’re talking “Olympus Mons” heights.  Come to think of it, my ejaculation was like Olympus Mons erupting!  (That’s a volcano on Mars that is 2½ times taller than Mount Everest.  Sorry about the science analogy, but my bride likes it!  We are both happy to be science geeks.  It’s probably because we live in a mountainous area that my brain associates sex and orgasms with climbing to a high mountain peak.)Sharing love in this passionate sexual way with my beautiful new bride was truly one of my life’s greatest blessings.  I felt then and still feel so grateful to God for giving her to me and me to her.I kissed her again as my erection refused to soften.  But I was prepared for this wonderful experience of being given the honor of receiving her virginity.  You may have noticed that I do not say “taking her virginity.”  It was a wonderful gift to me, one freely given, not taken.I enacted my plan, sliding out of her pussy and off the bed to go into the bathroom.  I had brought a small basin to fill with warm water, and with a soft washcloth, I gently cleaned up my wife’s leaking pussy.  There was a mixture of mostly thick white man-cream and some streaks of bright red blood.  Even though I was very gentle, Melody still winced a few times.Afterward, I sat up and leaned against the king-size bed’s padded headboard as Melody sat between my open legs.  She was facing away from me, and my hands were wrapped around her waist as she lay against my muscular chest.  We talked and just enjoyed the moment.  Then she turned her head to kiss me.  And to add icing to the cake, my sexy new bride shyly averted her eyes, and said, “THAT was my first orgasm ever!”I guess that many people masturbate to orgasm, but some don’t.  Melody had never had an orgasm before that morning, and to top it off, our first lovemaking experience together had included simultaneous orgasms.After that surprising and sexy announcement, I was surprised again when she looked back around at me and said shyly with the sexiest look of all time, “I could do it again!”And we did.  We did missionary position again, and I still felt some of her tough hymen hanging on and kind of scratching my shaft. It was still an amazing feeling as her popped cherry testified of her virginity newly gifted to her husband. We made love with full sexual intercourse seven times that day and seven times the next.  Then we made love six times a day for the rest of our week away.  We did cowgirl and doggy style; we even made love under the stars on the second-floor balcony of the isolated mountain cabin where we spent days three through five.  It was an indescribably wonderful honeymoon with the kindest and most beautiful wife!No one can tell us that waiting until marriage for sex with each other wasn’t worth it.  And it wasn’t easy waiting.Next to God’s gift of love, our lives on this perfect planet for life, and of course, His Son, Melody giving her virginity and her sexual love to me is my greatest joy, greatest blessing, and greatest gift.  It is so like the gift that she still gives me nearly every day;  often I get to love on her boobies as part of the fun.After thirty years or so of marriage, we both are experts at nipple play, pussy and penis play, oral sex, erotic massage, role-play sex, and overall sex play, including full sexual intercourse in multiple positions.  But it all REALLY started on the day AFTER our wedding night at 5 in the morning.It’s been 30 years of marriage and we can remember our honeymoon with fondness.  However, now we can say that in spite of aging and multiple health problems, our sex life has never been better!   To the best of my memory, this is how it happened.  This story is 100% true.Praise the Lord for his glorious gift of marital friendship, marital love, and marital sex!