(L) – This post contains strong language.Something I have completely forgotten to write about in my latest posts is the subject of Kegels.  On the advice of my women’s restorative health instructor about three years ago, I began incorporating Kegels into my daily workout.  I do them while I stretch.Some of my last few posts chronicle the strides I’ve made in enjoying penetration when I masturbate—see my postsIt’s Getting Better,Riding,Closer Than Ever, andAnother Spicy Session with the New Cock—and it hit me recently that maybe I can thank Kegels for that.  I’m not sure I’m even doing them right, but I have been consistent and perhaps that has helped me.Once upon a time, it hurt to put a finger in my vagina.  The first few times I tried tampons, it was quite an operation to force myself to insert one because of the pain, and because I was nervous. (I was ignorant and very new to doing anything with my fingers in the vicinity of the vagina, except wiping after using the bathroom.)Now, I’ve graduated from the Purple Gee vibe to a lifelike dildo, and over the past months since I bought it, I can work it inside my pussy in a minute.  The pain is almost nonexistent, besides a full, stretching sensation, and I’m blest to be VERY wet, so the lubrication makes it so smooth.  And I adjust quickly.  And it feels really good!  I’m getting to where I can orgasm while pumping the dildo in and out while I lay on my back, as if I was being fucked in the missionary position.  That really thrills me.I am still trying to figure out the workings of my clit, since I have to rub the entire clitoral hood and finding the right combination of that and penetration is tricky.  It’s as if there is this shadowy nebula of pleasure hiding deep in my clit and eluding my fingers.  There have been several occasions where I was positive I was going to squirt, but it didn’t happen, though it is very possible that I leaked a lot and just couldn’t tell because I was tensing up in climax!Anyhow, the point of this post was to remark on Kegels and the connection they might have to my increase in vaginal stretching and relaxation and pleasure.  Also, I’d like to ask if anyone here has experienced noticeable benefits from Kegels or other pelvic exercises.  Do you think it contributes to better masturbation and sex?