Dusk is settling in, and I glance at my phone to see if you’ve alerted me that your arrival is imminent. A blank screen reveals I’m left to my own devices and wondering a bit longer. My body aches for your touch, and I’m covered in a sheen of sweat from working myself up to be ready for you. I retreat to the shower and wonder how you will claim me tonight.Will you arrive home while I’m still in the shower? When you do that, the cool air ripples through the steam, announcing your presence as you open and close the door soundlessly. Knowing you want to be sneaky, I carry on under the water as if unaware. Clink, clink, clink—the clips on the shower curtain tinkle together as you gently ease it aside to admit yourself to the tub. I continue lathering my hair, facing away and pretending not to feel the heat of your undeniable presence.You close the gap between us, and in one motion, your hands clutch my breasts while your thick rod is snugly tucked parallel along my hot crease. My hands scramble for something to grip as you push my feet apart and pull me against you. At a loss, I reach a soapy hand between my legs and fondle your length.Startled at my acceptance of the predicament when you expected to catch me off guard, the vices that you call hands ease off my tits for a moment. Taking advantage, I pivot on the slick tile and drop to my knees. Then I dribble soap across my chest and lean forward to sandwich your girthy sausage between my breasts. Rocking back and forth, I press them together to envelope you. Your hips find a rhythm, and your growing cock bumps against my chin. My tongue laps down in time with your thrusts, attempting to taste the bead forming at the head before the shower whisks it away.Water splashes against the top of my head and travels in rivulets down your navel. I move my hands to your hips and open wide as I pull you towards my mouth. You push my hair back from my face, then hold a hand at the back of my head to anchor me to your rod. Hesitant at first, then increasing your rhythm at my enthusiastic reception, you plunge your cock into my mouth and throat. I choke between your girth and the streaming water, but I’m so, so hungry for you.You pull me to my feet, and your mouth captures mine. Your hand twists into my long hair and holds me fast against you. Then your grip suddenly spins me, and my face is pressed to the shower wall. I moan a complaint at the abandonment of your kisses, then purr as you pull the shower wand down. Pushing on my back, you encourage me to turn and grab my ankles.I test my flexibility and am rewarded by the alternating of your hot mouth and the shower head massaging my garden. I gasp and mewl at the pleasure. You selflessly devour me until my knees buckle in bliss. As I ride the waves of pleasure, you continue to lap and caress until I’m grounded again.You waste no time turning off the water and drawing the shower curtain aside. I need more, and you can sense it. With a towel thrown to the floor, I kneel and engulf your member again, but within seconds you take control. We’re long past the building and suspense. Our hunger is raw, and we both crave satisfaction.My hands are down on the towel, and you’re behind me. Your strong hands grip my hips, and your cock finds its target in an instant. You plunge deep, and I fall to my forearms at the delicious force of it. You pound relentlessly as I lose grip, and we slide across the tile until my head and shoulder are braced against the wall.“YES!” The mirror shakes on the wall as you hump with wild abandon. “MORE!” A crack echoes through the room as you spank me for my loud shouts that likely wake the neighbors. “Mmpft!” I grunt, biting down on the towel to contain my cries as you thrust. The world spins as you reach below to twiddle my clit and drive your seed home. We collapse in a wet heap, dripping from the steam and exhaustion, but thoroughly satiated.THAT is how you took me tonight.