Not long ago, my wife, Sarah, and I picked up tickets to a college basketball game. It was a weeknight, so we wrapped up work as early as possible and drove to the big city for an evening out. After a quick dinner at one of our favorite places, we headed to the arena, arriving just in time for the tip-off. We had seats just a few rows from the court for a pretty good ball game.Sarah was a cheerleader throughout high school, so we always enjoy watching the cheerleaders and dancers do their thing. We comment on the outfits the girls have on, my love reminding me that the uniforms in her day were not as small and revealing as they are now. We are also amazed at the strength of the guys in how they can toss the girls up high on their hands. The balance and agility of these athletes are remarkable.Meanwhile, I felt pretty confident Sarah had on a sexy bra and panty set, as she usually does for fun events like this. So when I got the chance, I snuck a feel around her back and, yeah, lace. My soft dick began to stiffen and get uncomfortable in my jeans, and I started looking forward to what might be a happy ending to the evening.The game ended, and we found our way back to the car for the hour-long drive home. It was dark, and there was little traffic this night on the highway. My wife took my hand and held it on her leg. I got the sense she was starting to get worked up just thinking about getting home. She was rubbing my hand and pulling it closer to her core, so I extended my fingers to give a little rub and was rewarded with a soft hum.My wife settled back in her seat and spread her legs to give me more access to rub her mound. I could feel the wetness in her panties as my fingers slid on her slacks more easily. My shaft was stretching out in my jeans, and I felt my boxers getting wet with my own love cream. We love these drives in the dark and often take advantage of the opportunity to get warmed up for fun later. Upon arriving home, we quickly let the dog out and prepped for bed.My lover was in bed first and under the covers when I walked in. I stripped down to my boxers and slid into bed to cuddle next to her. As I moved my hands around my bride, I found she’d kept on the sexy bra and panties. The covers came off; she was in a bright red lace bra and bikini panties set. Right away, I could smell her scent, letting me know we wouldn’t need a lot of foreplay tonight. Still, I took my hand from behind her head, trailed my fingertips to her tit, and massaged it gently, swirling around the nipple, then giving a little pinch and twist. More humming and a moan resulted. The feedback was all I needed to stay motivated to move on to the left tit for a squeeze and a lick of the nipple through the lace.Sarah said, “Oh, I love when you lick through the lace.”More encouragement! I took the nipple into my mouth and sucked through the silk as my hand glided slowly to her core. The red panties were wet, and I could massage her slit. Then my finger curled under the lace to find her clit before pushing down to her entrance and pulling the love cream back to the clit, over and over, slowly.“Lick me, baby,” she pleaded.More than happy to comply, I pulled off my boxers and positioned myself between her long legs. Slowly, I kissed from between her breasts down to her pussy. Through the lace, I ran my tongue from below her entrance to just above her clit with long flat strokes. Then, using the tip of my tongue, I went back down. Sarah moaned deeply and moved her hips to keep my tongue where she wanted it.I knew from her breathing that we needed to move along, so I slid her now very wet panties off and took one more long lick up her pussy.“Okay. Okay.” Her breathless words cued me that she’d had enough and was ready for me.As I pulled my body back up to kiss her lips, Sarah pushed on my shoulder to roll me over. Then she straddled me, and my hard dick entered deep into her pussy. More moaning confirmed that my shaft had filled her.“Oh baby, that feels good,” I whispered.She inquired, “Oh, yeah?”“I get to fuck the cheerleader tonight.”Sarah grinned big and ground hard on my shaft. She had already had several orgasms, starting in the car. This one built up quickly as she threw her head back. That pulled her core in and made her G-spot rub my shaft even more. A few more minutes, and I was going to cum. As I began to build, she did too, and, as we often do, we both exploded together. The all-evening buildup meant my release shot cum into the back of her pussy. She “oh” -ed with each pulse as she finished her own release, more of her love cream flowing down my balls.Sarah lay down on my chest for several minutes as we held each other and recovered from another great night together.