I was sitting on the sofa reading one of my spicy romance novels. My hand was between my legs as my fingers traced and teased my pussy lips and clit. I was wet and horny and hungered for a good cum.Ben had gone to a friend’s house, then planned to ride up and get a tune-up kit for his four-wheeler. Therefore I was left up to my own devices if I wanted to get off.I made my way to the bedroom. Going to the bathroom, I grabbed a towel and spread it out on the bed. I then got into bed, propping myself against the headboard and placing a pillow behind my back. Spreading my legs, I slowly ran my hand over my pussy. I wassowet.I moaned as I slipped one, two, then three fingers inside of me. My other hand toyed with my breasts and taut nipples. Slowly finger fucking myself, I moved them deliciously in and out of my cunt. It felt soooo good. My fingers caused squishy noises.I was lost in my horny pleasure as I frigged my clit furiously. My body tensed and my legs straightened and stiffened. I trembled and my breathing became shallow as I exploded in orgasm. My juices were seeping out of me, coating my fingers and running down onto the towel beneath me.It was then that I noticed Ben standing at the bedroom door with a mischievous grin. I guess I was so preoccupied with my naughtiness that I didn’t hear him come home.“Well, aren’t you a horny little vixen! Feel better?” he asked as he pulled off his t-shirt, exposing his muscular chest.I sat there and smiled as my breathing returned to normal. My legs were now spread and my hand still on my pussy. I noticed the distinctive bulge in his pants as he continued to undress. His eyes burned into me as I slowly began to rub myself again.He unfastened his belt and pants and pulled them down, then stepped out of them. He doesn’t like to wear underwear, so his semi-erect cock immediately came into view. I began to masturbate myself with a little more vigor.“Like what you see, my beautiful horny slut-wife? he asked as he stood before me completely nude except for his socks.“Yes!” I stammered as I continued to masturbate myself.He smiled as he walked over to the bed, his hand slowly pumping his dick, causing it to get harder. God! How I wanted him.“You know what I want you to do, slut,” he said as he stood by the side of the bed.You’re damn right I knew what to do and what he wanted. He wanted me to suck his dick, and I was only too happy to oblige him.As he jerked on his meat, I took the head into my mouth and started sucking. Occasionally I would swirl my tongue around its head and slit.“That’s it! Suck it! Suck my cock, my hot little cocksucker!” he growled. He put his hand behind my head and pushed some more of his cock into my mouth. A little more, and most of his cock was down my throat. I gagged, sucked, and gagged some more. Tears rolled down my cheeks as I deep-throated him the best I could before he finally pulled back.His saliva-coated dick slipped from my mouth, and I gasped for breath.I marveled at its hardness and longed to feel it inside me. I have seen it often over the years, both flaccid and erect, and still yearned for it, needing it, longing to give him the same pleasure that he gives me.“Lie back and spread your legs for me. Let me get a good look at your hot little cunt,” he said as he ran his fingers across my cheek. Then he kissed me on the lips, letting his tongue dart into my mouth for a moment.I did as he requested, smiling as I opened my pussy lips with my fingers, fully exposing my sensitive clit.He climbed into bed between my legs and put his mouth on my wet pussy. He kissed, then began to tongue and lap up my wetness. God, the pleasure was immense as he continued to eat me out, teasing my clit occasionally. My body shivered as he brought me closer and closer to orgasm.“Baby, that feels so good. You’re gonna make me cum! Ohhhhhh, baby! Yesssss! Ohhhhhhhh Fuck! I’m gonna cum—ohhhhhhhh fuuuuuuuck—yessssss!” I cried as I began to cum. My body trembled as I held his head to my cunt. My juices flooded his mouth and he eagerly lapped it up.He kissed his way up my body, lingering at my breasts. He then flicked his tongue over each of my erect nipples.“God, I love you!” I panted, and then we kissed passionately.As we kissed, I felt his dick nudge at my wet pussy lips, then enter me. I gasped and wrapped my legs around his waist, forcing more of his cock inside me.“Fuck me, baby! Fuck me!” I whispered into his ear as he filled me with his cock. Slowly, he thrust into me and pulled almost all the way out, before pushing deep inside me again.We continued to make love slowly, my hips working to meet his thrusting. It felt so good and I felt so loved and close to him. I wanted this to last forever.Gradually his thrusting picked up in intensity. He groaned deeply as he continued to pump his cock into me. Each thrust took my breath and caused me to cry out.“Mmmmmmpht, fuck! Fuck Mmmmmmpht! Harder mmmmmph fuuuuuuuck meeeeee!” I cried as I began to cum again.Ben got up on his knees and began to really pound my pussy. His hands were on my knees as he worked his cock in and out of me. His balls bounced on my ass.“Pussy feels so fucking good! My hot wife slut! I love you so fucking much! Gonna cum soon, where do you want it?” he growled.“Inside me! Mmmmmph cum inside me Mmmmmmph I need your cum inside me!” I panted.“Gonna cum! Fuck gonna fill your hot cunt with my cum! Ahhhhhrrrrgh FUCK! You beautiful bitch you!” Ben groaned as his dick throbbed inside me, releasing his cum deep inside me.“YESSSSS OHHHHHHHH FUUUUUUUCK YESSSSS! CUM BABY FUUUUUUUCK!” I cried as I too began to cum.He collapsed on top of me and I held him tightly, his dick still throbbing inside me. I love him so much. I felt satisfied and loved.Stay horny, y’all!