This post contains strong language (L).One hot day in mid-August, I was out cutting hay. I called Mary Beth on the cell and asked her to drive over another cooler of ice and water bottles.  An hour later, I noticed her in the upper cut of the field, spreading a picnic cloth over the stubble. I stopped the tractor and jumped out. As I approached, I saw my beautiful Mary Beth standing naked and pouring ice-cold water over her large firm breasts. Her huge nipples stood up long and hard.  Then she knelt and let the ice water trickle over her smooth pussy.  She shivered, then smiled as she told me to come take a drink.I grinned at her silliness and flopped down in front of her.  I thanked God for blessing me with a beautiful, loving wife with a sexual appetite that rivaled my own. She always tried to find new ways to surprise me and keep our sex life fun, even after all these years.  The cold water streaming over her swollen, excited pussy made me thirsty, alright. I shoved my mouth against her hard and found her clit.  Mary Beth moaned, but lost her balance and fell back, giggling. She unfolded her long legs on either side of me, and I lifted her knees and pushed them toward her chest, opening her pussy fully. Holding my tongue out long and hard, I bounced my face off her and tongue-fucked her sweet pussy.Mary Beth whimpered sexily and wiggled under my pounding tongue.  Within a short time, her body began to shake and I tasted her sweet orgasmic nectar.  Her thighs hold my head firmly against her, and I clamped my mouth around her pussy until I got every drop.“Fuck me now. Please, fuck me,” Mary Beth urged.I stood up and undressed, dripping sweat and pre-cum as my jeans hit the blanket. Wrapping my hand around my cock, I spread the liquid all over the head and shaft. I could see Mary Beth’s hunger rise.Kneeling again, I rolled Mary Beth onto her hands and knees, then pressed my cock against her inner lips. Slowly, I pushed into her hot pussy, and she shook as the head opened her up. I tried to go slowly, but she wouldn’t settle for that. With pouty little grunts, she pushed back harder and faster until I got her message. I grabbed a handful of her long, soft, blonde hair, and she fairly purred.“Yes, fuck me,” she murmured. “Do it.”That was my cue; I slammed into her pussy, giving her what she clearly needed.  She cried out again and again as I pounded, her tiny hand clutching at the cloth and ground. Her pussy was so hot and wet—but so was I. There was no way I could keep up that relentless pace in the heat. As I started to slow down, she begged me not to stop; I could tell she was on the edge, and I wished I could get her there. I needed something to distract her for a few minutes and cool things down a little. Cool… things…I reached into the cooler and grabbed a piece of ice. As if my only reason were to tease Mary Beth to a stronger release—and experience told me that the delay would have that effect—I ran the cube across her shoulders and down her spine to her hips. As it melted, I drew lazy circles on one ass cheek, then teased her rosebud with the cold wetness. The icy water dripped around our junction, and despite the heat between and around us, we both shivered.When the cube was gone, I grabbed one of the water bottles and took a long swig. Finally, I felt like I could continue, so I wrapped my arms around Mary Beth and rolled to my side, taking her with me. I lifted her upper leg over mine, then slid my chilled fingers over her pelvis and down to her clit. Mary Beth reached behind my head and pulled it to her neck, and I nibbled as I circled her hard little button and began to thrust into her hot wetness again, listening to her wanton groans. Gradually, I brought her back to the edge and pushed her over it.Mary Beth’s pussy clutched at me, and her juices gushed and flowed. As she went limp, I stilled and propped on my elbow, letting her upper body loll. I couldn’t help but smile; she looked so relaxed and satiated. Dropping a kiss on her cheek, I made to rise.Her eyes popped open. “More.”I shook my head, amazed at her. I knew she just wanted to make sure I came too, and I loved her all the more for it.Swinging around between her raised knees, I buried myself in her tightened pussy; it always felt incredible after an orgasm. She ran her nails over my chest, flicking my nipples now and then, which always sends tingles to my cock. The sun beat down on my back as I pushed her knees against her big breasts and fucked her for all I was worth.  My cock wanted to explode, but I couldn’t cum, though I was right on the brink.I straightened Mary Beth’s legs and crossed them in front of me, creating a gentle vise across her tender clit, in hope that the sounds of another orgasm for her would take me to the top. My pounding thrusts oscillated her thighs and outer lips, and the slippery movement did the job. She soon cried out in a strong, gushing orgasm.  But still I couldn’t cum. I was exhausted, though, so I pulled my swollen, throbbing cock out of my wonderful wife and stood up. I’d just have to tough it out until the hay was cut and I could go home.Mary Beth sat up on her knees and wrapped her soft hand around my cock.  Her sweet nectar coating the shaft allowed her to smoothly stroke up and down, and her touch felt amazing. She stared into my eyes.“You’re harder than ever, baby,” she said and licked the head. Keeping my gaze, she flattened her tongue, lay my cock on it, and started licking side-to-side across the sensitive underside. The visual and tactile stimulation had me shaking,  and without warning, my cum blasted from my cock. She jerked back in surprise and a jet caught her in the nose and eye. But she maintained her grip and let the rest coat her beautiful face until I fell to my knees.Mary Beth wiped her eye and smiled. “Nice shot,” she joked, and I couldn’t help but crack a worn-out smile. I didn’t know how I would force myself back into the cab of the tractor, but I wouldn’t have traded this experience for all the hay in the world.