(A) – This story contains anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.This is Part 4 of a 4-part series:The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 1(Introduction and Days 1-4)The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 2(Days 5-8)The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 3(Days 9-11)The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 4(Day 12 and Finale)On the Twelfth Day of ChristmasRepeating Day OneI wake Carol up by licking her pussy. I zero in on her clit and have her cumming in minutes. She knew today would be a day full of orgasms, and she was ready to get started!Repeating Day TwoAs soon as she comes, I throw her legs over my shoulders and shove my cock into her still-quivering cunt and thrust my cock over her G spot. She hadn’t stopped cumming from her first orgasm when the second one hit.“Aw fuck yeah,” she yelled as she reached her peak, and jumped off my cock as the sensation became too much.Repeating Day ThreeBut I don’t give her a chance to slow down. I slide two fingers into her now-dripping pussy and finger fuck her hard and fast.“Oh geez, oh God, oh my goodness, aw fuuuucccckkkk,” she moans as her third orgasm in five minutes hits her like a lightning bolt. Carol thrusts her hips into the air and holds them there, humping against my hand. I continue to jam my fingers into her as she grunts and moans. Just as suddenly as her orgasm hit her, she drops back onto the bed and pushes my hand away, squeezing her legs together to protect her hyper-sensitive pussy.Repeating Day FourI move up beside her on my knees and caress her back and nice, firm ass as she catches her breath. After a couple of minutes, she rolls towards me and I kiss her, and then move down to take a nipple into my mouth. I lick and suck the hard nub, run my hands over her tits, and glide them down to her juicy mound. I gently rub her tingling clit, but Carol pushes my hand away and uses her own fingers to rub up and down her slick lips. She knows the order of orgasms after eleven days, and she is ready to rock.At the same time, she takes my rock-hard cock into her mouth and sucks on the head as her other hand plays with my balls and rubs my asshole. Carol starts to moan from from the pleasure of her fingers working her sensitive clit. The sensation of her moaning with my throbbing cock in her mouth is exquisite.Her fingers pick up speed as they slide through her dripping pussy.“Ummmm,” she moans around my cock. With her fingers still working my asshole, I’m getting ready to blow a load when she comes with a loud “Yeaaaahhh,” and my cock slips out of her mouth.Carol rolls onto her back with an exhausted sigh as I flop onto the bed in frustration. I try to mount her and give my aching dick some relief, but she pushes me away and says, “That wasn’t part of the twelve days of Christmas, so back off.” Frustrated, I grab my dick and start pumping.Repeating Day FiveThis is when Carol notices her giant dick mounted on the footboard. I had put it in place after she was asleep last night. “Oh yeah,” she says as she crawls down to the foot of the bed, swings her leg over her giant dildo, and settles onto it. She wastes no time in riding the big cock as her hips drive down onto it aggressively. I turn the vibrator on high, and Carol’s eyes widen as her hips hump the cock even harder.“Ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh,” she grunts as she grabs her big, bouncing tits and rolls her nipples between her fingers. She really attacks that huge dildo, and builds toward another orgasm in a hurry. Her supercharged clit is on fire, and her juices are dripping onto the floor below her.Suddenly Carol threw her head back and tensed as her orgasm exploded over her.Aaaaaahhhh, fuck, yeahhhhhh,” she groans as she falls sideways onto the bed with her legs wide open and her red, swollen pussy still in spasm.“I need a break” she said, rolled over and pulled a cover over her.So did I at that point, so I closed the door, went in the bathroom and within a few strokes blew my load into the sink.Merry Christmas to me.Repeating Day SixCarol sleeps for an hour, and then wanders out to the kitchen in her housecoat, makes a coffee, and has some breakfast. She comes over and sits with me on the couch as she drinks her coffee.She lets out a deep sigh.“It’s been a busy morning. Not sure I can keep it going.”“Well you won’t get to see what the finale is if you don’t get through the first eleven orgasms,” I tease her.Carol rolls her eyes and drinks her coffee. She loves an orgasm challenge.When Carol finishes her coffee, I go to the bedroom and come back with her Womanizer.“Oh yeah, my favorite,” she says and grabs the toy. She immediately puts it on her clit and turns it up to full power.Her eyes immediately open wide and her mouth forms a perfect O as she humps at the buzzing toy.“Geeeez, that’s so fucking good,” Carol moans as her legs clamp together around the toy, her eyes squeeze shut, and her orgasm peaks. She pushes her hips into the air as she makes humping motions in time with the spasms of her climax.“Fuck, that was a good one,” she pants as she relaxes onto the couch. She drops her arms and legs open as the waves of orgasm slowly subside.Repeating Day SevenBut I had other ideas. I grab a pillow from the couch and push it between her open legs, against her dripping pussy. I pull her legs together around the pillow and sit back.“You don’t give a girl much time do you,” she asked rhetorically. But she starts slowly humping the pillow. Her orgasmic waves are still rolling through her as she rebuilds another orgasm against the rough material of the pillow. Carol pulls the pillow into her with both hands and rolls over onto her stomach. I can watch her tight ass clench and relax every time  she drove her hips down onto the pillow. What a sexy, erotic sight. My cock is as hard as steel and dripping pre cum as I watch her.“Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck,” she says in rhythm with the movement of her hips. She can feel the tingle in her clit as her orgasm starts to take over. Her pace increases, her tight ass moves frantically up and down, and then she tenses up and drives her hips into the couch one last time.“Aaaaahhhh,” Carol sighs as she relaxes onto the couch. I put a blanket over her, sit at the end of the couch, and play with my rock-hard dick as I watched her drift off into a light slumber.Repeating Day EightWhile Carol has a short nap, I set up her next orgasms. I stick her thrusting dildo to the patio door and set her rabbit vibrator on the chair beside the door. When she wakes up, I let her take a few minutes to get awake and get a drink, and then I tell her that she had a friend waiting at the patio door for her. Carol looks at the patio door, then rolls her eyes at me.“There had better not be anyone outside,” she warns me. We have a sheltered back yard, so there is no problem with peeping neighbors.Carol goes to the door, lubes up her dildo, then slides onto it, facing the door. In this position her big tits are pushed against the glass as her pussy glides back and forth along its length. I get to watch her smooth ass clench and release as she quickly builds to another orgasm. I should have gone outside so I could have watched her face as she pushed her tits against the door and drove her pussy back and forth on her long dildo. But instead, I stay inside and settle for using the remote to start the thrusting action of the dildo.“Fuck yeah,” Carol moans as she grabs the frame of the door for some extra grip, then really goes to town humping hard against the glass.In no time, she throws her head back and lets out a load “Aaaahhhhh!” After a moment, she slumps against the door for a short rest before pulling her slippery cunt off the dildo.Repeating Day NineShe flops into the chair near the door, and in doing so, she sits on her rabbit dildo. She immediately jumps back up to see what she sat on. When Carol sees her toy, she quickly grabs it and sits back down. Without hesitating, she slides it fully into her steaming pussy. She turns it on, and within thirty seconds, Carol is thrashing back and forth on the chair, her eyes squeezed shut and her head rocking back and forth as she bursts into her second orgasm in under a minute.“Oh goodness, oh God, oh God, oh oh oh oh,” she pants as she orgasms hard and fast.I sit on the couch, pulling on my cock as she finishes and her breathing returns to normal.Repeating Day TenI have some lube close by, and Carol watches as I spread some on my knee. She is still having mini spasms from her previous two orgasms, but she knows what is next, so she immediately comes over and straddles my leg, facing me on the couch. I grab her tits and start sucking on them as she settles onto my leg. She starts moving her hips back and forth over my knee, dragging her blood-engorged clit over my leg and mashing it into my knee on each stroke.Carol leans in and kisses me, slipping her tongue into my mouth and biting my lip as her breathing becomes more ragged with each stroke on my leg. I go back to her tits—she really gets turned on when I suck on her nipples—and I go at them with enthusiasm. I suck them into my mouth, dragging my teeth gently over her super sensitive and rock-hard nipples.“Yeah, yeah, fuck yeah, fuck fuck fuck,” Carol pants as she picks up the pace of her movements. Her dripping pussy leaves her juices covering my leg as she strokes her way to a fantastic orgasm. Carol’s head falls back, her mouth open and her eyes squeezed shut as her orgasm starts. Her hips go into overdrive, and I keep up my attack on her nipples as I grab her hips and help her hammer her way to orgasm.“Aaaaahhhh fuuucccckkkkk!” she screams as her orgasm overtakes her. Her orgasm hits her quick and hard, then she collapses against me and snuggles her face into my neck as her orgasm slowly fades.“Fuck, that was good,” she says as she rolls off of me and onto the couch.Repeating Day ElevenIn moments, I’m handing her dildo to her. This is the last orgasm before the finale.“Take your time,” I say. “Whenever you’re ready.”My beautiful wife’s breathing slowly returns to normal. Her swollen pussy is still leaking cum as she lay there with her legs splayed wide. Just watching her makes me want to cum. I move over to a chair, take my cock in my hand and stroke it.Carol takes a few minutes to catch her breath, then grabs the long dildo and slides it up and down her slit a few times to lube it up with her copious juices. She takes a sharp breath as she slides it into her pussy and slowly moves it in and out. She wants to find out what the last orgasm is going to be, and wants to keep the orgasmic waves rolling.“So, what’s my last task?” she asks as she continues to pump her dildo in and out of her dripping cunt.“You’ll have to wait and see,” I say as I watch her fuck herself faster and faster. Carol’s hips are starting to move in time with the big dildo sliding in and out. Her breathing quickens again as she works her way to another orgasm.“Fuck fuck fuck fuck!” she moans. Her cunt is really leaking now—there’s a wet spot forming on the couch. Her ass starts bouncing up and down to the deep thrusts as she pounds her pussy.This is too much for me! I groan loudly, tense up, and blow a load over my cock and hand. My orgasm sets Carol off, and she moans loudly and rams the cock full speed in and out of her cunt.“Fuck yeah,” she moans as she drives the dildo in one last time, then tenses up as orgasmic waves rush over her.Carol pulls the dildo out, drops it onto the floor, and collapses into the couch.“You’re going to have to give me some time to rest,” she pants.I put a blanket over her and go to clean up the cum I had covered myself in.The FinaleWe have dinner and relax for a while. Carol is anxious to find out what the last orgasm will be, but I want to keep her waiting.It’s close to ten o’clock when I tell her, “It’s time.”Carol is more than ready.For the final orgasm, I need something epic to finalize a wild twelve days of Christmas. Carol knows I had been planning something different, and she is amped up for it. But I’m sure she wasn’t expecting me to pull the vacuum cleaner out of the closet. Her eyes go big, but her rock-hard nipples tell me she’s ready for it. She always is.I have Carol lay on the bed, sitting up against some pillows so she can see what I’m doing. I spread her legs and grab the hose of the vacuum cleaner. I don’t put an end attachment on it, just the open hose end, which is about an inch wide. I turn the vacuum on and move it closer to Carol’s clit. She jumps as the suction reaches her clit and makes it start to vibrate.“Oh geez,” she pants as I hold it in place about an inch from her clit—just enough to make her clit vibrate, but not enough to really get her going. But I can see the slight movement in her hips and the tensing of her muscles in her legs as the suction starts to have an effect.As I move the hose end closer, the strong air current makes her clit start to vibrate harder, back and forth violently. Carol rolls her head back and closes her eyes. Her hands move to her tits to massage them, and her thumbs flick her nipples.“That’s fucking awesome,” she says as her hips pick up speed. I can feel her legs trying to squeeze together, but they’re blocked because I’m sitting between them.I move the hose end a little closer, and it sucks onto her clit. Carol’s eyes fly open, and she sits up straight as the intensity skyrockets and her orgasm starts to roll. I leave the vacuum sucked onto her clit for a few more seconds, and then pull it off.“What the fuck, put it back!” Carol pants as she glares at me. “I was starting to cum!”I move the suction back towards her pussy. Her clit starts to vibrate again, and Carol’s hands go back to her nipples.I move the hose back and forth, increasing and decreasing the intensity of suction on her swollen clit. Her pussy is running with fluid now, and her hips are trying to hump the elusive hose end.“Don’t tease me, damn you! Give it to me!” she begged. Her hands are grabbing at the sheets on each side of her, and her hips are rolling as her orgasm starts to peak.At that moment, I pull the hose completely away and put it on one of her rock-hard nipples.“Fuck you, you prick!” she moans in frustration. She grabs the hose off her nipple and tries to force it back to her red and swollen clit.“I need to cum—please put it back!” she pleads, desperate to finish her orgasm.I put the hose back on her nipple, and she slides her hands down to start furiously rub her clit, trying to finish her orgasm, but I pull her hand away.“That’s not part of the plan,” I say, putting her hand back on her tits and moving the hose back to her pussy. I move it close to her clit, and her swollen nub starts to vibrate again.Carol puts her head back and closes her eyes, once again getting ready to let her orgasm wash over her—but I had other ideas. I let the suction pull the hose tight onto her pussy again, and then pull it slowly away, pulling her clit with it, increasing the pressure on her throbbing nub, and then letting the hose suck back against her body, releasing the pressure of the pull, but maintaining the pressure of the suction.Carol squeezes her nipples hard, her leg muscles tensing and releasing in rhythm with the vacuum as I move the suction back and forth, increasing and decreasing the intensity on her clit.“Aaaahhhh GGGoooooddddd,” Carol moans as she starts to peak again. I’ve watched her cum thousands of times, so I know when she is going to cum. Just as she releases her tits and started to tense, I pull the suction hose away and put it back on her nipple. I put my hand over her mound so she can’t rub her clit to finish, then await her reaction.“You fucker, you fucking prick, give it to me!” Carol spits out. She tries to push my hand away and get at her painfully swollen clit. I slide two fingers into her drenched cunt and work them in and out slowly as she comes back down from her almost-explosion.“Fuck it, I’m done,” Carol swears as she tries to get off the bed. Her frustration is boiling over, dangerously close to going from fun to a real problem. Because I’m seated between her legs, she can’t move. I tickle her G spot with my fingers to keep her from fighting too hard.“You fucking finish me or you’ll never fuck me again,” she growls at me. Her eyes are like fire as her orgasm still bubbles near the surface.I pull my fingers out of her cunt and pull the suction off her nipple. The intensity is slowly waning, but her hips are still rolling. She tries to squeeze her legs together to put pressure on her clit and see if she could get off that way.“Are you sure?” I ask with a smile.“Yes please, do it, anddon’t fucking stopthis time!”With that, she grabs the end of the hose and jams it onto her clit, holding it there with both hands. This causes her big tits to be squeezed together with her nipples protruding out an inch. I think about grabbing the hose end back and playing some more, but think better of it.Instead, I lean forward and suck on her nipple, and Carol immediately rockets toward an epic explosion.“Fuck yeah, fuck yeah, geez, fuck yeah!” she moans as her orgasm gains momentum and rushes toward its peak. Carol’s eyes are tightly closed, her mouth open wide, her breath ragged.The vibration starts in her toes and slowly moves upward—through her thighs, across her abdomen, shaking her tits as her orgasm explodes over her. She shakes like an electrical current is running through her!Carol rips the suction hose away from her cunt, but doesn’t stop vibrating for a full thirty seconds.She finally, slowly starts to relax and settle back onto the bed. The scene had been so erotic and sexy that my rock-hard cock is leaking precum.I grab Carol’s hips and pull her down the bed, and in one motion, I slide my dick completely into her well-used and drenched cunt. Carol is still having mini orgasms when I drive my cock into her. Her eyes fly open as I grab her ass and pound my cock into her.“Yeah, yeah, yeah, fuck me!” Carol pants as we both rocket our way to orgasm. I last for less than a minute before I blow a forceful load into her steaming-hot pussy. Carol peaks again as I drive into her, and we hold onto each other as our orgasms fade.We finally roll away and collapse on the bed, panting from the excitement and intensity.As we finally catch our breath, Carol roll towards me, gives me a kiss and says, “Merry Fucking Christmas.”*****If you were keeping track, Carol came 78 times in 12 days. Some epic, some short but intense. You may think she is thirty or even forty years old, but she is well into her sixties and is sexier now than she has ever been. Our sex life is great, and we are still exploring new experiences. And we can’t wait for May! That’s masturbation month, and I have some  ideas…