(L) – This story contains strong language.AFTERWORDIf you read my last story, “Beach Babes Role-play Story,” then this post may interest you. The following explains that role-play and gives extensive background on it and similar role-plays. I am also recommending a particular sex toy.  If that interests you then read on!  However I DO recommend reading the Beach Babes Role-play Story first.I apologize if this roleplay offended some of you.“Who is this Julia?” you may ask.  She is the vibrating stroker my wife purchased for me last year.  In that sense, she is definitely my wife’s alter-ego.  Melody named the Hello Cake toy the first time I used it on my erection.  She had known that her surgery would make regular sex impossible for a while so she thought of the idea to buy me a vibrating stroker.  She named the toy Julia.The very first time we incorporated Julia into our love-play Melody started talking for her.  (I was shocked but pleased.)  We don’t now use Julia in every sex session but we DO use her frequently.For example, in a sex session after sexual intercourse and after Melody has had one, two, or sometimes three orgasms… in our lovemaking sessions… I often “fuck” Julia as Melody licks my man-nips and talks for Julia.  By “fuck” I mean masturbating with the vibrating stroker. This leads to my second or sometimes third orgasm of the sex session.  Sometimes after Julia gets me good and hard again Melody and I will end the lovemaking session by fucking each other again.We have a full lovemaking session every 3-4 days now.  (Pretty good for two seniors with life-threatening health problems!)  So, on nearly every in-between or off day Melody orally and manually loves on my nipples and often squeezes my balls as I “fuck” a coconut oil-coated Julia to orgasm. Sometimes we do this twice in the same morning. Melody often talks for Julia during these “fixing my problem” quick masturbation sessions.Some MH readers will probably not approve of this type of role-play but Melody and I truly are totally committed to each other so Julia is seen by me as Melody’s alternative self.  And this has led to some tremendous orgasms!  In fact sometimes I “fuck” my Julia first as part of the foreplay before fucking my Melody.  Again, Julia is still Melody.  When Julia is part of foreplay and I stop using her to go fuck Melody then Melody will talk for Julia by saying things like, “Awwwww, no fair!” or “I was just getting warmed up!” then “Julia” will also say, “Oh well, I’ll get another chance to make you cum after you do Melody!”I should add that occasionally I talk for Julia. Or I’ll talk to Melody about Julia while “Julia” is riding my cock.  Melody laughs but she will take the conversation hint and go from there!How I began to envision Julia as a beautiful 26-year-old Latina I don’t really know.  Maybe the name “Julia” just sounded so Hispanic.  And even though I picture Julia as very different in appearance than my porcelain-skinned curvy and busty Norwegian beauty… Julia is somehow still my Melody.  And you’ll notice that Julia is still a scientist—like Melody and I.  In fact, like Julia, when Melody and I go to the ocean shore we collect shells and explore tide pools if there are any tide pools nearby.Melody is completely confident that I adore her sweet voluptuous body, so my description of the fictional Julia does not threaten her.When the sex role-play is describing sex acts by “Julia” that is when Julia is doing the act in my mind with me stroking my cock with “Julia” the vibrating stroker.By the way, I really recommend this male sex toy.  Looking at it end-on it is horseshoe-shaped and pliable so it is one size fits all.  It is called the Hello Cake Vibrating Male Stroker.” I find it far superior to any of the tubular strokers I have tried.  I used to dislike the feel of a vibrator on my erect penis but the little imbedded and removable vibrator in this sex toy changed my mind!  When the vibrator is inside the toy the vibrations feel a lot like the vibrations I feel in my Melody’s pussy when I’m fucking her as she uses a vibrator on her clitoris.  Melody and I are big believers in the value of quality sex toys.  With our health worsening sex toys have helped keep the passion fire hot in our marriage!Please understand that Melody and I would never go outside our marriage for sex.  But we feel that this type of role-play just enhances our “in-marriage” intimacy.  We even feel that our lovemaking is blessed by God.  I know some of my fellow MH readers will disagree with this.Did we act out today’s role-play on a beach?  No, our health will not allow that right now.  But we DID turn our big-screen bedroom TV onto a YouTube video of a beautiful tropical beach with waves rolling in.  We talked as if we were on the edge of a beach and imagined ourselves there.Maybe someday we will get to make love on a tropical beach.  But for now, this type of role-play works nicely.Like I said at the beginning of the story, this story was written out AFTER the role-play sex this morning.  Some of the dialog and background were added to make the story flow and one brief item was something we did a different morning.  However, most of it IS what we said and what we did as we role-played this morning in our lovemaking session.  By doing the role-play before writing the story I did not have to delete things.  Usually, I write up the role-play before the game is played then I alter the story to better match what actually ended up happening.  But today the journal write-up followed the excellent role-play sex session.Sometimes the write-up becomes a Marriage Heat post/story.  But often it’s just a written memory in my sex journal.  Yet those journal entries are important.  Reading that journal has helped me feel very grateful for what Melody and I have together!