(L) – This story contains strong language.She exhaled deeply with relief. She imagined relaxation flowing through her veins, to the tips of her fingers, through her lungs and stomach, right down her legs and to her toes. Oh, that felt good. It was early in the evening, her belly was satisfied from a yummy dinner, and she had the quiet house all to herself. Finally.As the bath filled, she also filled her glass with G&T, lit the last of the calming-scented tea light candles lining the bath’s edge, and threw in a handful of aromatic petals: lavender, rose and sunflowers, all for calming, and for her skin. Ah, those petals smelt so nice. She tested the warmth of the steaming water; it was invitingly hot, but did not burn her. She put her thumb in the lacey waistband of her G-string, pulled them slowly down her legs and stepped out of the string, smiling as she remembered the moments during the day when she was aware of it pushing gently between her wettening flaps.She was already wet inside because she’d been anticipating this moment all day. In between work meetings and while trying to write work emails, she’d thoughtfully planned what she’d do for herself with her time this evening. She’d visualised how she’d treat herself each step of the way, fantasising, eager to delight in all of the senses and truly enjoy herself tonight.As she untied her sexy silk kimono, she imaginedhewas undressing her, slipping the kimono off her shoulders, revealing the soft skin of her breasts, exposing her erect pink nipples. So suckable. The thought of it got her racing.Breathless with sexual excitement now, she gently stepped into the bath. The water’s temperature was deliciously hot without burning, and she deeply breathed in the aromas from the candles and petals. They smelt divine. She edged slowly down to sit in the bath, stretching her legs out in front of her, and laying her head back on her comfy neoprene bath pillow.She imagined him sitting behind her, whispering to her how excited he was to see her beautiful naked body, how much he’d been dreaming about touching her. His big, strong hands would be lathered with lotion, and gently massage her neck and shoulders. He’d run his hands slowly down her arms, pressing firmly on her toned biceps and forearms, his strong chest grazing the top of her head as he leant forward over her to trace his fingertips along the back of her hand and along her fingers until he gently pressed down on her nails.He’d whisper, “Fuck, you’re hot!” and then slowly trace back along her fingers, hands, arms, shoulders and back to her neck. She could feel his strength and care as he kneaded her muscles.Gosh, even just imagining this felt so good, physically and emotionally yes, but more so sexually. She could almost feel the massage around her entrance, then deep inside her sacredyoni.“I want to be inside you,” she imagined him whispering.She was getting wetter inside by the minute. She slowly lowered herself down, arching her head back so that the water covered her hair. She swished it around slowly and then came back up, squeezed shampoo into her hands and imagined it was him making a lather, massaging it into her head slowly, firm yet gently.“I want to fuck you so bad,” he’d whisper, and she thought of how large his cock would be growing with his desire for her.Feeling wonderful and relaxed, and yet racing with lust, she rinsed out the shampoo and squeezed body wash into her hands. Again, it was as ifhishands, rather than her own, were gliding gently over her smooth skin, lingering on her breasts, squeezing them so that she squirmed with pleasure. A single finger playfully circled her nipples, teasing, then gently squeezing them between a strong thumb and index finger. At this, her body was being flushed with pleasure and she began to moan softly with enjoyment.She rested her head back on the bath pillow and closed her eyes, breathing deeply. She tuned into the audiobook, an adaptation of a Marriage Heat roleplay story called “Night at the Dojo”, being narrated from the woman’s viewpoint.She knew this sensual scene would be the perfect thing to get her ready for some real playtime.She put her earbuds in, pressed play, and let the narrator’s sensual voice stoke her inner flame.**********You enter the dojo pit feeling uncertain. Are you at the right location? You had decided to take a self-defence class, but this place was empty.“Hello?” you call.From the back of the room, a handsome, tanned and toned man starts walking towards you. Though his gi covered his body, there’s enough evidence to suggest he must have some nicely chiselled muscles underneath.“Hey,” he greets you, “This is my dojo. Are you here for the defence lesson?” he asked with a polite, but gorgeous, smile. Perhaps suggestive too, you think, and certainly hope!You are the only two in the place, and you’re getting excited about this. He stands in front of you with his hands on his hips, his gi gaping enough at the chest for you to verify your assumption about his muscles. He glances quickly at your gorgeous breasts and down the rest of your sexy body.Mustering your courage and swallowing hard, you reply brightly, “Yep, I’m keen!” With a cheeky eyebrow raised, you extend your arm to greet him.He grips your hand with strength yet tenderness, and your fingers linger, brushing against his before you finally release.“So good to meet you,” he says with warm eyes.You’re lost in those eyes until you think to check his left hand to see whether there’s anything on the ring finger. “Phew!” you exhale.That causes him to raise a questioning eyebrow before relaxing into a grin. “So,” he asks, “shall we make a start?” and the lesson begins.You soon notice that his hand lingers on your arm longer than necessary, and your heart skips a beat. As he continues to teach you, his body gets closer and closer to yours, and his touches last longer. Gosh, he smells great too!Soon you begin to practice breaking out of an imaginary attackers hold. His arms wrap around your body, and he pulls you into him. Your heart races with excitement at this closeness. You half-heartedly try to wiggle free, and he chuckles freely at your meagre attempts.Then he quickly turns you around to face him and holds your arms behind you, and in a sudden movement, draws you close to him. Your bulging breasts are pressed against his firm pecs, and you’re sure he can feel your chest heaving and hear your heart pounding.“How are you going to get out of this?” he asks.“Maybe I don’t want to,” you reply breathlessly.All of a sudden, his lips are against yours. Your mouth tingles as he kisses you, his tongue dipping slightly into your mouth, the tip of your tongue meeting his. Then there’s the plunging and swirling of your mouths meshing in sweet delight. Oh, the taste of him.This is really getting your motor running below, so you squeeze your legs together at the top to emphasise that lovely sensation. Oh, you’re hungry now to have his cock squeezed between your legs, and you picture how huge it could be, wondering excitedly how much he’d stretch you.“You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” you imagine him whispering to you.Suddenly, you find yourself thrown to the mat. He comes down on top of you, pashing you even more deeply, and you feel him grinding his erection into your crotch. You’re dripping wet now and dreaming of him entering you.“Do you want me?” he asks.“YES!!!” you exclaim.He pulls your tank top over your head and yanks one bra cup down to reveal your round breast and excitedly erect nipple, which he now sucks hard. You love it, so much that the volume of your moans is steadily increasing.You grind against him as he fondles your other breast. With his other hand he unties his gi’s belt, and then swiftly pulls your shorts and sports panties down to your ankles. He begins to kiss his way from your breasts down your abdomen. You feel AMAZING!!!“Tell me what you want,” he urges.“I want to feel you inside me!” you beg. “Please, please do me!”He pulls his pants down, and you see his cock. What an incredible thick beauty it is, and you want it so badly, you just have to have it.He doesn’t muck around, all of a sudden his tip is inside your entrance, and then you pull his hips towards you and he thrusts deep inside of you, filling all of your space, his end rubbing you right where it feels best. Oh my, it feels HEAVENLY!!! Thrust after thrust he stuffs his huge thick hard cock deep inside your pussy, and you feel pure ecstasy!!!”**********She felt so wet inside, and so grateful that this audio story had done exactly what she’d hoped it would. She stepped out of the bath, wrapped a huge, fluffy towel around herself, and went to her bed. The electric blanket was already on, and her toys were all laid out near her pillow.She wouldn’t be needing the lube tonight! She was sopping wet and ready to play.