Scene: Ken and I are enjoying a private evening hike.“Wow, Ken, you have no idea how much I’ve been looking forward to this long holiday weekend, especially this Fourth of July.”“Me, too. It was nice of your dear aunt to invite us over to watch her property while she visits her brother.”“Yep, she is still going strong at her age and plans to stay out there all month. It’s too bad we can’t stay outhereall month.”“Tell me about it.”“I mean it. It’s so beautiful and peaceful here. I know we can’t see much right now on this gorgeous cloudless night, but it’s like a taste of heaven. So lovely and tranquil. The gentle stream up ahead, all these trees and wildflowers, the fresh fragrance of creation in the air. And somewhat like the Israelites of old, the moon tonight guiding our path. We can see just enough in front of us. So much out here to appreciate and be thankful for.”“You said it, Kate. And don’t forget, secluded out here on her rural property, we have it all to ourselves, no one else to bother us.”“Just us and nature, enjoying God’s creation on a perfect summer evening. Together. Hold on for a sec, honey.” I stop in the middle of the trail.“Kate, what are you doing? Do you have to pee?”“No, I want to savor this moment in our surroundings. It’s so pure and beautiful with the sounds of nature all around us, the starry host above, the smell of distant campfires… Oh, and did you hear that? A train whistle in the distance. I just want to stand here for a moment and take it all in. Feel one with nature. Excuse me as I take off my clothes… Ah, that’s better. Pretty easy when a girl is just wearing her husband’s favorite sundress… with nothing underneath.”“Oh, really? Now?”“You know it, buster. Why don’t you join me? Or are you afraid we’ll be discovered?”“All alone out here? Yeah, right, sure. Two can play at that game.”“Ah, that’s better. And as far as I’m concerned, even though we’re wearing our sneakers and you’re lugging around that backpack, we’re still naked.”“Yep, we sure are. Now watch your step; I don’t want you to twist an ankle.”“Thanks, honey. Ahhhh, the warm breeze feels nice against my girls. Mmmmm.”I stretch out, throwing back my shoulders, which accentuates my top-heavy form. Tenderly, I run my hands over my breasts, my fingers tracing their swell as I slowly lifted them up and down. As always, watching me work my breasts mesmerizes Ken. A few moments later, I take him by the hand, and we continued our nocturnal stroll.“This is so romantic, Ken. Out here all alone, walking naked and hand-in-hand through the meadow to the stream my Aunt told me about.”“Walking out here naked… and not ashamed.”“Walking out here Naked And NOT Afraid.” I laugh. “Think of it, Ken. We came into this world naked, and we leave it naked. Nakedness is our natural state. Imagine all the money we’d save if we didn’t have to wear clothes. And what’s wrong with women going topless in public? Guys get to walk around topless, yet we get cited or arrested for indecent exposure. They’re just breasts, for crying out loud. Everyone has them. I don’t know why Western Civilization is so afraid of a girl’s tits. And heaven forbid if we show a nip.”“That’s true, honey. However, with a rack like yours, I’m afraid displaying those jugs in public would cause quite a stir. —Ouch! What did you smack my ass for?”“You and your cute remarks. It’s just not fair. I wonder if we’ll be naked in heaven, like at nudist resorts. It’s not sexual; it’s natural. It’s beauty.“Well, some people are beautiful naked, others, not so much so. Ouch! Now what was that one for?”“We’re all beautiful, naked before God, created in His image. We shouldn’t body shame others, my dear husband. Regardless, let’s continue our walk.”Approximately two miles later:“Hear that? I think that’s the stream up ahead.”“And I must say, you, my dear man, certainly think of everything.”“Well, of course. Once an Eagle Scout, always an Eagle Scout.”“I know, don’t tell me; Be prepared.”“Besides, I wanted us to be able to stretch out on that blanket I packed, so we can better enjoy our wine while watching the fireworks you keep talking about. You think we can see them from here?”“Yes, I do. And I’ve gotta tell you, I feel so close to nature right now. I feel one with the universe. So natural. Hand in hand, walking together, naked, out here in the moonlight. It’s so romantic down here by the water. Oh, look how the moonlight is reflecting off it. I love those gentle rippling sounds as the current flows downstream. Not to mention these incredible nighttime sounds that I so adore—stop and listen. Hear that? Crickets… frogs… cicadas calling out to one another, looking for love. I think I can hear an owl, too. Absolutely beautiful.”“As we were saying, another example of God’s incredible beauty, right here in nature…His creation. Natural beauty, stunningly beautiful. Just like you, Kate.”“Awwwwww, you’re so sweet. I love you so. You know that? Come here and kiss me, you big oaf.”“Like this?”We tightly embrace in the moonlight on the bank of the stream. His growing hard-on protrudes into my stomach, and my breasts flatten into his hard, hairy chest. My hands greedily grab his tight buns while his big strong hands gently hold my face and stroke my cheeks. Our tongues fight for dominance, working their way down each other’s throats.A Few Moments Later…I stand back up, brushing the dirt off my knees and shins, and Ken says, “Well now, where were we?”“I believe you were saying, ‘Kate—stop, honey, stop. Not yet, if you—mmmmmm—keep that up, I’m gonna erupt right here—down your throat. And we agreed to—ahhhh, oooooh—wait.’ That sound about right, babe?”“Something like that. At least you gave me a sweet appetizer, a preview of cumming attractions.” The tip of my tongue traces my full lower lip. “Mmmm, I adore your pre-cum. Damn, I love that slippery sweetness on my lips and tongue.” I glance at my watch, the only thing I’m still wearing. “Now what time is it? Oh, good! The fireworks should start soon. My aunt said this is an ideal spot to watch them. Right over there beneath that tree. She and my uncle used to always come here, she told me.Ken lowers his backpack to the ground and beings to rummage through it. “Let’s see, a blanket, flashlight, pepper spray, cell phones, chargers, water bottles, and citrus essential oils.”“Very thorough, sir; good thinking. But let me say it again, my love. What about the mosquitos and chiggers? I don’t see any insect repellent.”“Oh, ye of little faith. Citrus essential oils are nature’s natural insect and mosquito repellant. We’ll be fine; don’t give it a second thought. And I know how much you admire citrus.”“My oh my, you think of everything, alright. Just another reason why I love and treasure you so much. Always thinking of and providing for us.”“My pleasure, my dear wife. Now before tonight’s festivities begin, let’s slap on the essential oil. But first, let’s spread out this blanket. Plenty of room for the two of us.”“You like it when I do that, don’t you?”“I like what?”“Spreading… out.”Chuckling, Ken says, “You know it, babe! But what are you looking for? You hear something?”“Oh, nothing dear. Just making sure we’re in a safe place as she said, far away from prying eyes. Looks like an ideal spot right here, close to the water yet nestled between where the stream bends in front and behind us; we’re safely hidden by all these trees and shrubbery. There’s a big bush over there.”“Speaking of big bushes…”“Ha-ha, very funny. And just what do you think you’re doing, mister? Taking a knee and proposing to me again?”“As I said, hon, we need to generously apply the essential oils to every square inch of our bodies. As a gentleman, I’m serving you first.”Glancing around and standing on my tip-toes, I respond, “Damn, you’re smooth. My husband is just full of surprises, isn’t he?Looking me in the eye, Ken’s tongue embarks upon a northward journey up my shin, moving slowly around to my calf and the delicate spot behind my knee. It gets halfway up my hamstring before rotating to my quad. Gently, he nips at my warm flesh and peach fuzz.I tilt my head back, enjoying the sensation of Ken’s wet warm tongue as it teasingly meanders upward. It lingers upon my hip, almost in a teasing fashion. I shift my feet as his tongue inches closer to my fluffy mound of soft brown pubic hair.Just as he is about to lick the outer wisps of my imposing triangle, Ken’s tounge retreats to tantalizingly slowly replicate the journey up my other leg.“Mmmmmmmmm. You are such a fucking tease, you know that Ken? I can’t believe you.”Reaching down as he licks up, he hands me the essential oils. Between his luscious, long, slow licking, Ken says, “Here, babe, start rubbing this on your arms and torso. I’ll help you in a moment.” But before I can answer, Ken’s tongue launches a full scale attack upon my exposed sex.“Ahhhhhhhhh!” I spill a lot of the oil across my breasts, with some dripping down upon Ken’s head.He smears his face back and forth across my moistening bush, licking and nipping as he goes, making his way to my swelling nub. Ken firmly squeezes my parted thighs in his strong warm hands, greedily lapping at my girl parts. Somehow, I keep my feet as his tongue performs its magic down there.“Ooooooooh… oooooooooh… oooooooooooh… Right there, baby, right there.” I’m very wet now and on the verge of climaxing. “Mmmm… mmmmm… mmmmmmm.”Ken inserts two fingers into the slippery entrance to my sexy hole while his other hand squeezes my big ass. I take turns pulling on, lifting, and biting each of my tits before starting to quiver. As I gyrate my hips, Ken begins sucking on the sweet spot between my legs, causing me to explode.“Ahhhhhh… ahhhhhh… ahhhhhhhhh. Ooooooooh… oooooooooh. Mmmm… mmmm… mmmmmm. I’m… cumming… I’m… cumming. Feels… sooooooo… good…” Powerful orgasms overtake me as my body convulsed in ecstasy. I remained standing thanks entirely to Ken’s strong embrace. “Ohhhhh… ohhhh… OHhhh… Oh yeah… Oh yeah… mmmm, that’s it… right there. Ahhhhhhhhhh…”Finally, my eyes open. “Make love to me Ken, make love to me, right now, babe!”Lifting me off my feet, Ken throws me over his shoulder and gently places me on the blanket beneath the tree.My entire being is in another dimension from climax after climax, enhanced by making love out there by the water. As he enters me to the hilt, I scream. “Aaaaaaah! You feel soooooo good filling me up. Aaaaaaaaaaah!”“I love you, Kate. I love you, girl. Thank you for being the woman you are. For all you do for us. You work so hard and always put others first. I’d be lost without you.”“I love you, my beloved… hus… band. Damn, your dick feels so good inside me. Mmmmmmmm. So thick and hard… your hairless balls slapping against my ass—soooo good! Don’t stop. We are truly one right now, spiritually and physically connected to one another and all creation. Mmmmmm.”We lie face to face, French kissing and gazing into each other’s eyes. His brown, bedroom eyes look especially beautiful and genuine in the moonlight. Clamping my legs around his back with all my strength, I grab his head and thrust his face down to my breast as he pounded me into submission.A quick thought enters my mind. How many other husbands and wives are making love this very moment? How many animals were mating? Before I can ponder those thoughts much longer, I feel that familiar sensation buried deeply within.“I love you so much, Kate. Don’t say anything. Let’s cum together, looking each other in the eyes as husband and wife. We are one… Kate!”Gaining my knod of assent, Ken powerfully jackhammers his cock into me, knocking me backward several inches with each thrust. Somehow, I’m able to concentrate on fingering my clit. We are both so close, now gently holding each other’s faces in our hands. Our naked bodies glisten in sweat, nearly off the blanket, breathing like we just ran the 100-yard dash; Ken’s eyes grow large as he stifles a grunt.I want to tell him how much I love him, how beautiful this moment is, but I keep my word and don’t speak. Instead, our eyes remain locked upon each other as my husband grimaces and shoots his load into me. I’m able to climax one last time yet remain nearly silent.Spent, Ken collapses onto me, almost pressing the remaining air from my lungs. Our bodies enjoy the warm afterglow of romantic, marital love out in nature and under the incredible starry sky. Lifting himself up, Ken wipes a tear from his eye and smiles, as do I.“We are the couple that became each other. You know that, Kate?”“We sure are, my beloved Ken.”Ken dips his head down to my still pulsating and now leaking cunt and sucks our remaining juices out of me. Then we kiss deeply, eyes open. Ken lies between my legs and gently plays with my earlobes as we feast upon the remaining vestiges of our love.