(L) – This story contains strong language.On a cold, rainy Saturday morning, Tom rises early and heads out for his daily run. I don’t see how he makes himself do it.I snuggle back under the covers. Our bed is so warm, and nothing is on my agenda until the afternoon.I am still turned on from our lovemaking last night. I close my eyes and imagine Tom’s arms wrapped around me, his hands cupping my breasts, his fingers brushing my nipples, his hardening cock pressed against my back, our bodies spooning in slow, familiar rhythm.I pull my hips up and push back into him, open my thighs and reach my hand to guide his cock into my slick and waiting pussy.Thinking over our night rekindles these embers. I imagine him as a new lover, as yet unaware of how much of him I want—need. I roll onto my tummy, push a pillow between my thighs, and begin slowly grinding as I learned to do many years ago.I hear the front door open. Tom is back from his run. I should get up and make him a proper breakfast, but what I really want is for him to crawl back into our bed. I turn over on my side and pretend to be asleep.Tom walks slowly into our bathroom, trying not to wake me. He turns on the shower. I can see him from our bed. I roll onto my back and watch him peel off his running clothes.Tom’s body is still lean, firm, tanned—so different from mine. I still melt for him, wrap him up like a warm blanket, hold him, cover him with wet kisses. Sometimes he rests his head on my lap, and I lift his face to my full breasts and nurse him like a hungry baby.Thinking about this brings my hands down again to my warm, soft pussy, and I start over, pulling my folds open, sliding in one finger, then two. My other hand gently pulls at my silky ginger hair and strokes my throbbing clit, wishing these were his hands, his lips and tongue on me—inme. I pull the covers back, exposing my breasts, one hand dallying over an exposed nipple.I watch him soap his chest, his tight ass, his handsome face, then rinse and turn the water off. He steps out of the steam, wraps a towel around his waist, and notices I’m awake and watching.“Good morning, sleepy head.” He says, walking to my side of the bed. I smile and continue to caress my body. I know how much he loves to watch me. He smiles, runs his fingers lightly over my bare shoulders, then pulls the covers down to get a better view. I accommodate him, arching my back and stretching like a sleepy cat. His fingers graze my breasts, circle my nipples. He knows what this does to me.“I was dreaming about you,” I confess.He drops his towel, and I see that my efforts have borne fruit. His cock is getting hard, and he slowly strokes himself. A pearl of pre-cum appears at the tip. He brings it to my face, and I part my lips and taste his desire for me.“My turn,” he says, and climbs onto our bed. I roll onto my back and spread my legs. He can see that I want him. He plants a kiss on my pubic mound.I lift his chin. “Put it inside me. Please.”He positions himself between my legs, on his knees, and begins to tease my waiting slit with his cock.“Not yet.”I give him my best pout, close my eyes, make a V with my fingers and stroke the sides of my engorged clit, occasionally dipping a finger into my sweet pussy, so I can taste myself. I brush my fingers over his lips, and he smiles with the familiar taste of my sex. He bends over me for a long, wet kiss.He then kisses his way down between my legs, inhaling my scent, his breath warm and cool at the same time. A shiver of anticipation begins at my toes and spreads up until I feel chills radiate past my breasts and make my heart flutter.He knows my body, knows my rhythm, my pulse, what I want. He can see my nipples harden, my chest begin to flush, my hips move up and down, my fingers taking the place of his cock. My legs tighten around him, pulling him closer to me. I begin to whimper as he slowly presses the head of his cock barely into my pussy, then stops—starts, stops.But I can’t stop. I feel my orgasm start and spread, then wash over me like an ocean wave, while Tom’s cock is now inside me. The sensation is almost too much. My body bucks, spasms, and all I can say is “Oh my. I’m coming.”“I can see that,” he says, as he pushes his shaft deeper. I grab him and pull him down onto me, his chest and hips pressing against mine, a merger of skin. I squeeze my muscles around his cock, imagining I am milking him. I lick and gently bite his neck.He begins to thrust deeper and harder—no longer holding back, but urgent and strong. I put my hands under my knees and pull them up to my chest, wrapping my legs around his back, crossing my ankles, locking him. His hands slide to my ass, holding me. I am his now.“Fuck me. Oh my God, keep fucking me like that,” I moan. Somehow he is right on my clit and inside me at the same time.That is all it takes. I can feel his cock swell, stiffen, and hear him groan with release.After all these years, how many times has he filled me? How many times have I emptied him? What is this dance that binds us? Chemistry? Lust? Desire for some part of him I can only have in this moment? It is more than love. I am his and he is mine.One more time, lover. One more time.