My wife had gained weight and recently worked hard at taking off the extra poundage through diet and exercise. I gradually saw her body taking shape again. She was turning me on more and more, which evolved into having more sex.  One area of her body that I really took notice of and have become infatuated with is her ass. It is firmer, and when she wears skirts and dresses, her ass stands out. Even during sex now, I grab her from underneath and hold onto her firm ass until I finish myself off. We’ve been married for several years now. Although our sex life has become better and more adventurous, I’ve never attempted anal with her.One morning I finished showering to get ready for my work day. With my towel wrapped around me, I walked out of the shower. I noticed my wife hunched over the vanity putting on her make-up, and her sexy ass was sticking straight out. I stood and admired her sweet ass covered in her beige satin panty and got an instant erection.After I finished drying, I wrapped my arms around her from behind and told her how sexy she looked and how dangerous it was to let her ass stick out like it was. That not only got a smile from her, but she wiggled her ass to tease me.  She looked at me through the mirror, and her hand reached back and she patted herself on her ass.Unable to help myself, I moved even closer. My erection was poking her on one of her butt cheeks and “telling” her how great her ass looked. I expected her to push me away and tell me the fun was over. Instead, she pushed back against my erection and told me to take off her panty. I slid the panty down, and she pulled one of her cheeks apart. It was the invitation I so seriously wanted and she whispered, “It’s okay.”She placed her hand on my erection, which was hard like a stone and covered by the towel. She began to stroke me over the towel, and I let it slide off me. I was totally naked. She saw through the mirror how hard I was. Her eyes got wide, but she held my dick again and used her hand to stimulate me further.It got silent, and I again pressed my erection against her butt cheek. I slid my dick along her firm ass, and she responded to my movements with her own. I could tell she was turned on and letting me do what I wanted. Spreading her ass cheeks apart, I placed the length of my erection between the cheeks and into her butt crack. I didn’t want her to be uncomfortable, so I was gentle and didn’t fully insert myself into her. I asked if she was okay and she smiled, saying it felt different but good.Looking down, I saw the length of my dick was fully immersed between her ass cheeks. Her eyes were closed, and by the look on her face, she was enjoying it, as was I. I felt myself ready to cum, and told her, in case she wanted me to pull away before I ejaculated. She bent down further on the vanity and told me to cum.When she said that, I just about lost it and began to ejaculate. My cum started coating her butt crack. I was cumming so hard that streams shot up onto her lower back. Her hand was between her legs, and she had an orgasm as I emptied myself into and on her.I held onto her for dear life until we both finished cumming. Once finished, she turned around and told me, “That was the hottest thing we’ve ever done.” She took my towel and asked me to clean the cum from her. As I did, I told her I would have never imagined she would allow me to do what I had just done.She explained, “You are the love of my life and the father of my children. Why would I not give myself to you unconditionally?”