We’ve just celebrated a significant anniversary, and we’re no longer in the first flush of youth, even if we still think of ourselves as young. However, the two grown-up children and the mirror are a constant reminder that we aren’t. We love reading the stories on MH, but there are more than a few occasions where we see anything but ourselves in them.Ok, we must be honest here: neither of us is in the best physical condition these days. We have a few more pounds on our bodies than we would prefer, but busy schedules make losing weight tough, and it’s so much more challenging to lose than when we met almost 30 years ago. Having said that, the sight of her in lingerie or naked still turns me on, and we know all those little tricks that bring an extra dimension to our intimacy than we did in that first flush of passion so many years ago.Take last night. The temperature has been dropping these last few days, and we woke up this morning to the first proper frost of the autumn. But things were far from chilly last night.I got home late from a church event, and my wonderful wife was curled up on the sofa, waiting for me to arrive. I walked into the room to see her looking cute in her pajama trousers and sweatshirt, both of which concealed her curvy figure. But her smile lit up the room when she saw me. Slowly, she uncurled her legs from under her and stood, coming towards me with a little smile and a glint in her eye. Her arms encircled my neck and she gave me a deep, lingering kiss, before whispering in my ear, “I’ve been waiting for you.”Stepping back, her hand slipped into mine as she squeezed past me, pulling me towards the stairs. “Let’s go up, I’m ready for bed,” she said with more than a little hint of innuendo. I was hungry after the long evening, but the obvious invitation overrode my wish for food. I keenly followed her up the stairs, watching her ample buttocks sway in that wonderful way only a woman’s bum can. At that moment, I’d have followed her anywhere.When we reached the top, she pushed open the door and flicked the light switch on, then took my hand and pulled me through, shutting the door firmly. Slowly, she reached for my jumper and tugged it up. Obligingly, I lifted my arms above my head so she could fully take it off. She threw it over onto an overcrowded chair full of clothes, before pulling my shirt out of my trousers. I watched as she started undoing the buttons from the bottom one up, until she could slip it off over my arms. This time she just let go and it fell to the floor.I have no illusions of being an Adonis. In fact, my chest has little definition. However, her hands still felt adoring on my chest as they pushed me back toward the bed, until I fell awkwardly onto it. Instantly, she knelt and started to undo the buckle of my belt, tugging it away from the slight overhang of my belly, and once done, her hand went to my zipper, which she pulled down agonisingly slowly.My erection, which had been growing from the moment of that first homecoming kiss, bucked inside my boxer shorts as she slipped the trousers off my waist and down over my hips. Kneeling lower, she pulled them off my feet and quickly whipped off my socks. Finally, she reached for my waistband and tugged my boxers down, and my cock bounced free, standing proudly in front of me.“Ok, get settled,” she told me. “Now it’s my turn.”She pulled the sweatshirt up and over her head, and immediately, I realised that the top I’d been expecting to see was non-existent. Instead, she was completely topless. I admired her breasts, which rose up with the top as she pulled it off, before falling back into place. They might not be as perky as they were when she was 19 and we first met, but the years between have not diminished their beauty. I leaned forward to pull her towards me, but she fended me off and wriggled her pajama trousers down over her hips.Turning away from me, she slid them down over her bum, and I very quickly realised that she hadn’t got anything on underneath those either! Turning back towards me, I saw the swell of her belly, the place that had been home to our two children with its pattern of stretchmarks—and I desired her.She crawling onto the bed, then over me from my feet upwards, her breasts stroking my cock briefly as she edged closer to me, before positioning herself over my hips. Reaching between us, she raised my erection upright and slowly but surely impaled herself upon it.A groan parted my lips as her pussy lips engulfed me, and she quickly got into a rhythm of circling her hips and grinding herself against me. Soon the sound of our breathing, the slapping of our flesh, and the steady squelch of her arousal wrote a symphony of desire in our bedroom. Soon I could feel the moment of release start to rush through me. I tried to slow her down, but she kept going until I released deep inside her.Within moments, I felt myself start to soften and, despite her best attempts, I shortly slipped from inside her. Quickly, I pushed her off me and changed positions, towering above her. After a brief but passionate kiss, I slowly worked my way down her body, spending time lavishing my desire on her neck, her nipples, her navel, until I reached my destination. Lying between her legs, I kissed my way down the slope, through her hair until I reached her pussy.My tongue slipped between her lips, savouring the taste of her desire, before dipping inside her. I tasted myself amongst our mixed fluids and lapped up what I could, before moving to focus on her clit. As my tongue ran up her vulva, it gradually started to circle that most sensitive spot. Only moments later, her hand found the back of my head, pressing me in more deeply. After a few last flicks, her own orgasm exploded through her.I crawled up towards her again and she threw the cleaning wipes at me, so I wiped my face before lying next to her to kiss her. She shivered and, after adjusting herself, managed to get the quilt to cover us. It was only a few hours later that I woke feeling chilly to discover that she had stolen the whole thing, whilst I lay shivering naked on the bed.By body may have been cold, but laying here next to my wife, my heart couldn’t help but feel warm.