This post is about anal sex (A).Earlier in the summer, Kate and I moved gradually towards my dreams of absolute buttfucking blissfulness.  My tiny little 4’8” Asian angel is quite sensitive. To say her beautiful, deep brown o-ring is exceptionally tight would be quite the understatement.As the weeks passed, we made slow progress, measured in millimeters, penetrating only slightly deeper into her sweet rectum.  I knew the whole process had tested her comfort zone. I continually looked for any information I could find that might make the process more comfortable.Watching videos and reading articles from sexologists online helped a lot. It seemed fucking her ass while spooning sideways, or even missionary, could be more comfortable than taking her from behind. It seemed logical that the body positioning of spooning would naturally limit the depth of penetration. This was certainly true compared to drilling her full-on from behind.  When I discussed this with Kate, she was all for giving it a go that night.We proceeded through our normal rituals.  I started by rubbing a mild numbing agent on the outside of her anus, giving it five minutes to kick in.  Then I inserted my index finger, slowly thrusting in and out while making circular motions into her tunnel of joy.  Next, I moved up to my middle finger and repeated the same slow, thrusting circular motions into her asshole. (Being understandably skittish, Kate has not wanted me to put two fingers into her simultaneously.)Our smaller dilator is about four inches long and an inch wide. I lubed it with a thick, water-based lube, and a 2% lidocaine numbing agent.  That amount of lidocaine does a nice job of taking the edge off, ever so slightly. It’s not so strong that Kate would not feel any tearing or other concerns. This has never been an issue.After five minutes, I put in a dilator about an inch longer and a quarter inch wider.  Her sphincter always puts up a little fight as I penetrate her ass with this one. I noticed this getting ever so slightly easier over time, much to my delight.  After ten minutes with that dilator in, I gently withdrew it, and checked for signs of “biological material.” Finding none, I knew her ass was ready to get fucked.To prepare for the main event, Kate dropped off the bed to her knees and took my cock into her mouth. She bobbed her head back and forth, wetting my dick and taking it continually further into her mouth. I reached around behind her to grasp the back of her head and pulled her head down my cock. Gently but completely, I thrust it into the depths of her throat.  With some slow little mini-thrusts, I was hard enough to fuck her ass within just a few seconds.Kate crawled onto the bed and held onto our loveseat at the bottom of the bed. She was on her left side, her knees bent a little upward, and her beautiful, round badonkadonk looking right at me.  I pumped four full pumps of the lube into my hand and slathered up the length of my cock. Obviously, it was important to make sure it was more than sufficiently wet.  Kate’s comfort is always paramount.I jumped up into the bed behind her and inserted my middle finger into her tight little asshole. Again, I slowly thrust in and out with circular motions.  Eager to try this new way to lovingly invade my soulmate, I pressed my cock head into her o-ring. As I increased my pressure, her sphincter began to accept its inevitable fate; my cock slowly eased into her tight asshole.It was a little bit of a task to adjust to this new position of lying on my left side. Still, I pressed ever so slightly deeper, little by little, into her rectum.  As my movements lengthened, her inner sphincter relaxed nicely. I slowly picked up the pace of my thrusting.“This is the best yet,” said Kate. I felt the excitement of her beginning to enjoy my intrusion into her backside.“Push it deeper inside of me,” she said. This was the first time I had ever been directed to do such a thing. To say I was happy to oblige her would be the understatement of all time.“Push it all the way into me,” Kate moaned softly, and I realized I was living in a glorious dream.I moved with stronger thrusting into her rectum, and I heard her gasp, feeling her body twitch a little.  While backing off a little, I was still pumping in and out of her. The feel of this previously uncharted rectal territory had to be savored.  I continued for a couple more minutes of slow-to-moderate-paced incredible ass fucking.My climax neared, and I told Kate I was about to cum. I released my sperm to swim into the depths of the newly-stretched portions of her digestive tract. I also got vocal with some primal groaning, savoring the incredible feeling of pumping my cum into my lovely wife.  Kate began to giggle, always amused at what she calls my “antics” during orgasm. But it is just me freely letting myself go.I pulled tightly against Kate and held her close for several minutes, softly kissing the back of neck.  My cock had gone limp and slid out of the warm caress of her rectum.  Eventually we got up and started moving, grabbing some water we had on our dresser.  I asked Kate how she liked her ass fucking this time.“Oh, that was a 9 out of 10.  It was fantastic.” she replied.Undoubtedly, Kate had been providing me with her ass for my pleasure and benefit.  I don’t know how the entire process had been for her, but I know it was uncomfortable at first for sure.  For the first time, I could tell from her body language and conversation that she unquestionably enjoyed getting her ass fucked that night.  That filled me with excitement, knowing I would almost certainly have many future instances of reliving that rectal reaming.In fact, she shortly thereafter hopped up onto our bed, spread her ass cheeks wide open and pointed towards me, and asked me if she could have a second round.  I knew Kate was being a little cock tease, as I was pretty sure I wasn’t capable of getting hard again in such short order.  While looking at her beautiful but gooey, sloppy (thanks to me) brown rosebud, nothing would have pleased me more than another round of tender, loving sodomizing my precious bride, but I didn’t think I could make it happen.“You like your cock up this Philippine ass?” she playfully asked me in her soft, sensual voice. She continued with more of her theater, as she was in such a giddy mood.  We are huge fans of war movies, something Kate enjoys from her new culture.“Hey baby, you got girlfriend ‘Merica?  Me so horny.  Me love you long time.” she said, now back on her feet, and we howled laughing at her rendition of the classic funny scene from “Full Metal Jacket.”  Despite being an Asian woman, Kate is definitely not politically correct or highly sensitive at humor that might offend some others.Hoping to turn the joke on her and muster another entrance into her exit, I grabbed a pump of lube and stroked my messy cock to see if I could revive it. I soon had to accept defeat and hope for another day.  Maybe someday I’ll manage to be up, physically, for a round two and reach previously unknown depths in her rectum.  Based on her reaction, when that day comes, maybe she will love two helpings of ass fucking almost as much as I will.