This post contains strong language (L) and includes anal touching (A).Over the 20-plus years of our marriage, my husband and I have put on far too much weight. We were both embarrassed at the pictures taken at our kid’s weddings the last few years. With the addition of grandchildren, my husband decided to lose weight.  And did he!  In just 18 months, he dropped over 100 pounds and got a knee replaced. He is feeling better, has lots of energy, and can walk and play without pain again. I had to jump on board and have lost a bunch too.My husband told me he was doing this for the grandkids at the start of his journey; he wanted to be around as the kids grew up. But it turned out there was another “big” benefit that came with losing that much body fat. Since he met his first goal, he has added another. “I want to lose another 50 pounds, so I can fuck you better than ever.” I like this new goal and all that comes with it.While I was sucking his cock a few months ago, he wanted me to take it all in. I tried but realized I couldn’t without gagging. No big deal; he didn’t seem to care, so we kept on. Last week, we noticed it again. This time, when I told him his cock was huge and I couldn’t take it all in, he did what men do: he measured it. Two whole inches! He has gained two inches to his hard dick since losing all this weight and working out. We can only explain that losing so much body fat around his lower abdomen reveals more of the base of his penis. That explains why he has filled my pussy more over the last few months than I had noticed. (To be clear, he has always satisfied my every need in bed and life.)Lately, we have been hot, hot, hot for each other. It started before our vacation, was off the hook during the trip, and has stayed hot for two months. Last weekend, we banged hard, but after the third night, I was sore in a way I hadn’t been. Deep in my pussy, there was a little ache from where his even larger cock was pounding my cervix. We needed a few days to let me recover, but we were still horny.The next night, my lover insisted on giving me a back massage. That means he warms the almond honey oil, I lie naked on the bed, and he kneads his hands deep into my muscles. Everywhere. It was great. I was completely relaxed when he moved to my ass and between my legs to my pussy. He dribbled more oil down my crack and let it run down my asshole into my pussy, then took his fingers softly over it. He is so good at touching me the right way without crossing lines that I am uncomfortable crossing. This “line” is a circle, and his fingers danced around and across it superbly, building me toward a glorious climax. With a quick move, he placed a finger on my clit, other fingers in my pussy, and the other hand on my ass. Boom!A couple of nights passed, and it was my turn to give him a massage. I don’t do this nearly enough and am not as deft of touch as he is with me. I love my massages mostly because he is near me, and I go to a blissful place; the finish is just a bonus if it happens. For him, the massage is an excellent way to get to my tits all over his body and cross the finish line.I had him get naked and lie face down on the bed. I started out wearing a black lacy bra and panties only. His shoulders and arms felt tight, and it took some work to relax them. His back loosened; his legs and feet were easy. I moved to his butt and worked my hands deep into the muscles. As I massaged, his legs parted to give me a great view of his balls, not-fully-stiff shaft, and ass. An idea took shape.I grabbed the massage oil and did what he did to me; I dripped it down his crack, letting it get his balls wet.  Then I undid my bra and ran a tit up and down his asshole. Something like a guttural moan I’d never heard before came out of him—my tits on his ass must have felt good! I alternated between my hands, tongue, and tits, going from his balls to his back for a bit. His cock was hard and wet with pre-love. I thought, “Fuck, yes! Oh, this is good for me too.” I was wet and needed to get those panties off fast.I had him flip over and spent a little time massaging his front before I couldn’t take it any longer. I needed his now very stiff and throbbing cock in my pussy. As I mounted him, he glided in without any assistance. I bucked and bounced, and an orgasm rocked me. Then I pled with him, “Fuck me. Harder. Fuck me hard; make me cum again.” He complied, and I could feel his erection swell and pulse as he got ready to unload his love into my wet pussy. I came again as he finished, then collapsed into his arms and soft lips.“Thank you, my love. That was a great massage,” he whispered.I mumbled, “I love you too. I’ll rewash the sheets tomorrow.”