There’s a niche that someone needs to fill: Christian audio erotica.  We’ve talked about visual erotica, and I definitely could see married couples making sex videos or doing sensual photography in order to capture the beauty of marriage and marital sex, and share it on discreet platforms.  But audio is another wonderful area of sensation!  I’ve experienced an increasing number of orgasms while listening to sexual scenarios recorded with skill and taste.The Reddit thread Gone Wild Audio, which has been introduced to me, has become one of my favorite resources.  (Shoutout to Faith-Manages for recommending it!)  For those who aren’t familiar with it, it’s a forum where people can either submit scripts for others to fill, or submit recorded scripts, and it’s all sexy and erotic.  It has one drawback, though.  There is no Christian content.  Yes, there are plenty of audios with married couple plots, but most of it is the world’s take on sex.  I don’t even click the ones about violence, incest, rape, degradation, or any other obvious sin.I’ll typically pretend I’m listening to a husband-and-wife roleplay if the characters portrayed are not married, but I’d really love God-honoring options.  As a woman, I prefer listening to a male voice, so this is directed mainly at men, though of course female voice-work is needed for the listening enjoyment of the guys!So, is anyone here interested in starting something like this?  I can’t imagine how much more arousing it would be to listen to a guy vocally act out a sex scene knowing that he was a Godly guy.  Spiritual elements could be put in the monologue (that could be from writing your own script or doing an audio fill for someone else’s script), and other details that made the sex clean and holy would be welcome.  It would just be so beautiful.There are times when I want to masturbate and listen to a tender, passionate married sex experience (I love wedding night plots), and there are not many available, especially from the male point of view.  I myself am not an actress and don’t have a voice for that kind of work, but I would gladly write scripts!  In fact, I submitted a couple of my Marriage Heat stories as scripts onto Gone Wild Audio, though no one has volunteered to record them.  Also, since I live at home, I don’t have the privacy in which to record erotic content.Thus, I call on my fellow sex-positive brothers and sisters.  If someone decides to set up a platform where Christians can submit hot, Biblical, aural erotica, I will be delighted to join.  Let’s take sex back from the culture, even if we had to get the idea from Reddit!