This post contains strong language (L).We were on a road trip to Florida. There was my husband, myself, and my sister sitting up front in my husband’s truck, with our daughter, and my two nieces in the back. Two hours into our 13-hour journey, everyone else was relaxed and sound asleep. I enjoyed the quiet time with my husband to talk about anything and everything.My hand was resting on his leg and softly rubbing his thigh through his shorts. I felt his cock poking my hand and getting nice and hard. He smirked as I looked over at him. I gave him a playful squeeze and a few strokes, then saw a rest-stop sign. Sliding my hand under the leg of his shorts and grabbing his thick, hard cock, I asked if we could stop. He sped up and pulled into the rest area.My sister woke up, and I asked her to watch the kids so we could use the restroom. The parking lot was empty except for a few semis in the back lot. Rushing inside, my husband dragged me into the men’s room, and we kissed like young lovers. He backed me into a stall and had me sit on the toilet. I saw him smile as he pushed his shorts down, and his big hard cock stuck straight out. I wrapped two hands around it and kissed, licked, and sucked his fat head still sticking out.“My, you have a big fucking cock, baby” I moaned. “Mmmm, I love sucking your cock. Do you like me sucking your big cock, baby?”He smiled and caressed my face, slid his hand to the back of my head. Holding my hair, he slowly pushed his cock into my mouth, gagging me a little as he entered my throat.  I swallowed hard and fast to get him fully in.  Slowly he pulled out and then slid back in.  Our eyes locked, and he fucked my mouth and throat.  I moaned and felt my throat vibrating around his cock.  Grabbing his balls, I rubbed them and snaked my tongue out to lick them, with his cock firmly buried down my throat.The feeling of being helpless with him holding my head down yet being in total control of what he is feeling is such a huge turn-on.  He was groaning and his cock started to throb.  As he pulled me off his cock, I panted and moaned. I opened my mouth wide, stuck out my tongue, and eagerly awaited his cum to fill my mouth.  With a groan, he pressed his cock on my tongue, and a huge blast of cum shot down my throat. I jumped and gagged as his cock continued to shoot ropes of cum all over my face and hair.  He had cum on my face before, but that day it felt like every inch was covered.What happened next shocked and aroused me beyond imagination: he bent down, held my face, and licked his cum up my chin and to my lips. When he pressed his tongue between my lips, I opened my mouth, pulled his tongue inside, and sucked his cum from it as we kissed deeply and passionately.  He continued to lick my cummy face and offer it to my mouth.Once he had licked me mostly clean, we heard voices in the room.  The stall next to us closed, and we rushed out.  I went to the women’s stall and washed my face.  I was shocked when I walked out and saw my husband talking to the state police.  They asked me questions to make sure everything was okay. They explained that they have security cameras, saw us going into the bathroom, and wanted to make sure all was good.  We smiled and grinned, and were sent on our way.When we got in the truck, my sister was awake. She grinned and just shook her head, telling us the police woke her up, too.  She laid her head back down and asked how many more stops we would be making.  We laughed and kissed as we headed back onto the highway.