INTRODUCTIONBack in the summer of ‘23 (not that long ago, but it reads good!), I decided to get Queen a Naked Servant Service. The Deluxe package! The Naked Servant Service (NSS) is a very limited offering, available only in our part of New England. And only offered to a very select clientele! I decided to surprise her with it.DISHES“Hey, Hubbie, can I ask you a question?”“Sure, my love, what’s on your mind?” I said, drying my hands on a kitchen towel.“Umm, correct me if I’m wrong, but did I just see a naked man washing the dishes?”“Yes, you probably did. I got you a Naked Servant Services package, and naked kitchen help is certainly a part of it. I hope you like the package.”“Don’t get me wrong, I did like the package. He was hot. It just took me by surprise.”“Well, get used to it, because you’re bound to see naked men doing a lot of stuff around here!“So you mean that I’m going to be seeing guy ass and cock and balls doing chores and the like for me around the house?”“Yup. I got you the Deluxe package, and so this place is going to be naked city!”VACUUMING“Hey, Hub, can you come in here for a minute?”“Yeah, baby, I’ll be right there. Just let me put something away.”“You see these fresh vacuum marks in the living room rug? Were these done by a naked man as part of that service?”“I imagine so. We can check the Nest Cam if you want.” Opening the app in my iPhone, and looking at the video history, we both saw a naked guy vacuuming the rug.“You were right, there he is. Vacuuming in all his naked glory. You have your church ladies’ groups coming over today and tomorrow, right? This will help, right?”“Oh yes, this is perfect. I’m just trying to wrap my brain around this naked service thing. I mean, fresh vacuum marks and flexing guy ass on the video? What’s not to like?”BATHROOM“HUBBIE!”“What, babe?” I asked as I flinched from bumping my head on the pedestal sink.“I just saw a naked guy cleaning the bathroom! The bathroom! You know I’ve always cleaned the bathroom, and it’s not my fave! Are you telling me that this deluxe service includes a naked guy cleaning the bathroom?”“Not just the bathroom, but the bathrooms. Plural. All three of them. You should never have to clean a bathroom again!”“Let me get this straight. I could be walking down the hall, and I may see a naked guy on hands and knees, cleaning my bathrooms, head down ass up, cock and balls on display?”“Yup. Every week.”“Oh, be still my heart! I think I’m going to like this deluxe package!”BARISTA“Coffee for Queen. Tall, decaf, Americana for Queen.”She looked up from her iPad word game, sitting on our blue recliner in the family room, with a smile.“A naked barista? I get a naked barista?”“Every morning. You get your coffee delivered to you, with a visual backdrop of cock and balls. Gives new meaning to ‘coffee beans’, no? Even with decaf, that should help you wake up!”“Oh my goodness, that’s hot. And not just the coffee!”YARD WORKI couldn’t hear what she was saying over the noise of the lawn mower, but Queen was on the deck, waving and calling out to me.When I made it over to her, and the lawn mower was off, she said, “OK, so the deluxe package includes naked yard work?”“Yes, of course. What kind of deluxe package wouldn’t include naked yard work?”“Well, I’m glad it does, because I love seeing a naked guy muscling an old lawnmower around. A sweat-glistened male body is not hard to watch! What about the neighbors? What if they see a naked guy in the back yard?”“You know our backyard is almost completely secluded in the summer with our landscaping and the common-land tree leaves. And besides, I’m sure any naked guy working in the back would exercise a modicum of caution about being seen.”“Does yard work include our landscaping work and some flower potting?”“Yes, all of that, and whatever else can be done naked back here. Also, I checked, and the guy who is on naked yard work duty has to be a card-carrying exhibitionist who loves to be naked outdoors and is not too worried about being seen.”“Well, that’s good, because he will be seen! By me, at the very least! A lot! From the deck, the kitchen and dining room windows, and even the window in my sewing room upstairs! I think this summer just got hotter, and I don’t mean global warming!”UNIFORM?“Here’s a weird question,” Queen asked shortly after naked service began. “When I see a naked man doing something, how do I know he’s performing an NSS task?”“Good question! Obviously naked service precludes the wearing of uniforms. Also, ID badges that stick or pin on hurt! So, authorized NSS providers must have a distinctive“manscaping” pattern of three triangles, pointing down, up, and down. This pays homage to your amazing quilting.”“Oh, I like that. It also means I get to “inspect” them for proper ID, right?”“A professional naked service provider would expect nothing less than a close and thorough identification process! In fact, he would insist on it!”CONCLUSIONSo in the end, Queen got used to having a naked guy around the house, doing all kinds of Stuff. She said it really turned her on to see guy ass and cock and balls all the time, and her “horniness index” is up considerably!I think it was a good investment, and I’m certainly enjoying the benefit of her “increased desires,” so to speak.Yup, crazy like a fox I am!