“Tell me about when you cum,” she said.They’d been driving for nearly an hour and a half and were 90 miles outside Santa Fe when the silence was broken by her request. He’d thought she might’ve fallen into a light sleep. Maybe she had but then woke up with something on her mind.The vacation had been everything they each could have wanted. Sights. Sounds. Sex—so much sex. The weather had been perfect, with sunshine and 55 degrees during the day and below freezing at night. It was cool enough for sweaters to fend off the chill while walking around town and perfect for intimacy in front of the fireplace back in their hotel room afterward.They were both tired, which accounted for the silence since the early morning departure from Santa Fe. As the desert scenery passed by, they replayed some of the best moments from the varied types of pleasure experienced at the hotel (among other places in town.) He was lost in thought, recalling how all the plans he’d made in preparation for the trip had worked out just as he’d imagined. Lost in those thoughts, he was startled when she surprised him with her request.“What?” he said. “What exactly do you mean?”“We’ve been together for forty years,” she said. “There’s no telling how many times we’ve had sex or how many times you’ve cum. I know what it looks like when you do. I want you to explain it to me from your perspective. What’s involved? Exactly how’s it feel? Can you control when and how it happens? What are your favorite ways to cum? I want to know everything you can tell me. Take your time, we have nine hours in the car.” She laughed and got comfortable in the passenger seat to hear his response, drawing up her feet on the seat underneath her.He was caught off guard at first. That was a big request. Trying to put so many things into words was something he’d never attempted.“I’m going to have to give this a little thought,” he told her.“I’m not even sure where to start.”“What feels best when you cum? What’s your favorite way to orgasm?” she asked.“Obviously, the ejaculation itself is what feels the best physically. It doesn’t last for very long, but the release that comes from those seven to nine shots spurting from my dick is the greatest feeling imaginable,” he tried to explain.“How so?” she inquired.“I’m guessing in the same way it is for you, but of course, I’ll never know for sure,” I said.“The ejaculation causes a rush of hormones or some type of chemical to flood my brain that makes me euphoric. Nothing like it. The closest thing I can compare it to is a firecracker that’s had a fuse burning for a long time and finally explodes in a huge burst. An explosion of color everywhere.A beautiful release.”“Does it feel the same no matter where or how you cum?” she asked.“I suppose,” he said as he thought about the question, “but at the same time there are nuances that go along with the different ways I get off.”“Tell me about those,” she replied.“Obviously, I love the feeling of reaching orgasm when we make love and I’m buried balls-deep inside you,” he explained.“Beyond the ejaculation, there’s a closeness and connection that cannot be duplicated. But there are different benefits to having an orgasm in other ways, as well.”The scenery continued to go by in a bit of a blur, but they noticed it less as the conversation continued. Instead, he sensed a swelling starting to take place in his Levis as they talked about how he orgasmed.“Tell me about those differences,” she said.“To be able to cum in your mouth as you suck my cock is something special and in a class all by itself,” he explained.“I think there may be something primal about the act, I don’t know. But I can tell you that the feel of your tongue swirling around the head of my dick while I’m coming is so intense that it can’t even be explained in words. It’s next level.”“Interesting,” she murmured.“What else?”“What’s brought this up?” he asked.“Pun intended?” she laughed.“I want to hear you tell me about it, and to really understand it.”“When I cum on you, shoot my warm seed on you, I absolutely love it,” he confessed, although he was sure she already knew that.“Like you’re ‘marking’ me as yours?” she smiled and asked.“Sure, I guess that must be part of it, in some type of animalistic way,” he confessed, not sure if he could even explain it.“But things are always very visual for men.We get turned on by what we can see.I’m assuming we’re all alike in that way, but it’s not like I’ve ever asked another guy.”The thickness in his Levis seemed to be growing larger as the conversation went on.She kept coming up with questions that contributed to that.“Where do you most like to see your cum on me?” she inquired.“That’s impossible to answer. Anywhere. Everywhere. Depends on setting and mood, I guess,” he told her. “But pulling out and squirting a three-day load all over your sweet shaved pussy creates a work of art that I will think about for the next two days afterward.”She squirmed in her seat a bit.“Where else do you like to see it?”“Your nipples.All over your tits, really” he said. “Coating those beautiful breasts with my love gravy creates a picture that cannot be duplicated, but gets replayed in my mind over and over.”“Sometimes even good enough to eat, huh?” she slyly commented.“Indeed!” he admitted.“I wouldn’t have thought so in the early years, but licking the cum off your nipples is a level of erotic after-play that’s difficult to match.”“Where else?” she wanted to know.“Your lips. Your cheeks.Seeing it drip off your chin and flow down your long smooth neckline provides a level of satisfaction that is nearly unmatched.I can’t think of a circumstance in which you’ve ever looked sexier,” he explained as his mind wandered a bit.He had to jerk the wheel to keep the Volvo from wandering over the double yellow line on the highway.“So cum dripping from my face is sexier than expensive lingerie?” she asked.“So much more!” he laughed.“Not even a comparison.”“You’ve wasted a lot of money over the years,” she said.“Not really,” he replied.“One usually led to the other!”“Does it feel different now than it did when we were younger?” she wanted to know.She seemed to be asking things that she had perhaps been wondering for a while, but never asked.“In terms of pleasure no, not at all,” he answered.“It’s still just as intense as it was the first time.It can take longer to get there now than it did decades ago.A longer trip, if you will, but arriving at the destination is every bit as good.In fact, the trip is more enjoyable when some side roads are explored.”He winked at her and thought he saw her blush slightly.“Anything else different?” she asked.“The amount of ejaculate is less now.Still plenty, but not as much as when I was twenty.Just part of the aging process, I suppose.I miss the sheer volume spraying over your body or leaking out of your pussy when I pull out,” he admitted.“But in terms of how it feels, if anything, it’s even better now, just because of how well we know how to please each other, free of any inhibitions or need to hold back in any way.”“Does it feel different when you cum as a result of me jacking you off than when you stroke it to climax yourself?” she asked as she slid closer to him on the leather seat.“More intense when you do it,” he commented after thinking about it.“You controlling the orgasm rather than me controlling it myself adds an element.”There was a mile or two of driving without either of them saying anything, each just contemplating aspects of the conversation.“Do you know how I can tell you’re about to cum?” she asked.“Do tell,” he said.“Your balls draw up tight, your breathinggets faster, deeper, and your hips move in a way that’s different than usual.The pace changes. I can feel your cock swell, no matter if it’s inside me, my mouth, or my hand,” she said.“The noises you make when you’re about to erupt are guttural. Like something you have no control over. Raw.”He looked over at her and noted she was smiling, proud of her own keen sense of observation and excited to be able to relay the information to him in erotic detail.He glanced at her and smiled, proud of her gift of observation. But not nearly as proud as the countless other gifts she possessed that’d brought him immeasurable pleasure for four decades of marriage. She reached over and stroked the growing bulge in his jeans, tracing her fingers down the full length a few times, and stopping to rub the head slightly between her thumb and forefinger.“I think I may see a spot of something. Might that be a bit of pre-cum?” she asked, as though there was any question as to exactly what the spot was.He knew when a question was meant to be rhetorical and just glanced at her and just smiled.“If I remember, there’s a rest area up ahead no more than a few miles,” she whispered.“Near the overlook.Pull over and park at the back.“I want the next scenery I view to be those balls drawing up, and the overlook you enjoy to be your thick, milky load dripping off my chin.”“This is why we drive and don’t fly,” he told her as his foot pressed down harder on the accelerator.