(L) – This story contains strong language.We have been married a long time, and I would consider us pretty adventurous in the bedroom.I have planned many nights over the years. Once I bought her a bra, panty, garter, and nylons set. I set it out in the dining room and wrote a note with instructions to put it on and follow the rose petals up to the bedroom. I had rose petals on the bed and candles filling the room, where I waited for her.Another time I bought a massage table and some coconut vanilla massage oil. Now that was a fun role play, and maybe my next story.And then there was the time I bought her first toy: a realistic dildo. I bought it because she wanted to feel me lick her clit and feel me inside of her at the same time.I also bought a suction cup dildo because I wanted to watch her getting it from behind while she put my cock in her mouth. That was little too much for me to handle! The first time we did that, she bent down in front of me and moaned as she took the suction cup dildo inside of her, and just with that, I was already to come!Those are just a few of the many examples of our happily married sex life.However, one thing we haven’t fully attempted is some light bondage. We have tried it a little, like using the strap from a robe to tie her hands together, and using a blindfold. But we were going to change that.I was looking at an adult toy site and something caught my eye: a strap system which can be hidden under the mattress and pulled out when needed. The gears started turning in my mind, and before I knew it, a new package was on the way to the house. When it arrived, I was like a kid at Christmas. The system is designed to lay under the mattress, and straps for the wrists and ankles stick out the side of the mattress and have soft cuffs with Velcro at each end. Even though I knew it wouldn’t be used right away, I opened it up and admired it. I started planning how we would use it, and I immediately got hard just thinking about how it would go.We had a concert to go to a few weeks later in a town about a 90-minunte drive away, so I suggested a hotel night and she quickly agreed. It was all planned, the only question was how was I going to get the harness set up under the mattress without her knowing. I soon answered that question!We were at the pool earlier that day and I “went to get some drinks.” Instead, I ran upstairs to our room. I had the restraints packed and folded just right so I could pull it out and set it up real quick like. I got it positioned, and kept the straps hidden as well as I could. I’d also packed a blindfold to enhance her senses. Getting back to the pool, I complained about the long line at the bar to cover my trail.Later that night, we attended the great concert and after party. We were both a bit tipsy when we got back to the room. I showered while my wife opened some champagne, and then she showered while I pulled the straps into place. Once she dried off and put some nice smelling lotion on her beautiful skin, I met her in the bathroom and blindfolded her before she could see what was on the bed.She was startled at first, but then giggled, “Oh my, what…?”“No more talking,” I said. “I will lead you where you need to be.”I stepped behind her naked body, put my hands on her hips, and gently pushed her through the bathroom door. Once we got near the bed, I pulled her back to me, moved her long, curly hair out of the way, and gently kissed her neck. She opened her mouth and let out a moan. That moan and my body rubbing up against her made my cock jump to attention. She maneuvered her ass right against my cock wiggled her crack with my cock in between her ass cheeks. I slowly backed away and she started to frown and say something.I again said, “No talking. I got you. You are mine tonight.”I laid her down on the bed on her back, caressed under each side of her back, and lowered my head to kiss her stomach. She reached down and grabbed my hair with her hands.“If you’re not going to play by the rules…” I warned, trailing off as I continued to lightly rub her skin and kiss her neck, stomach and thighs.She moaned with excitement and touched me again.“I warned you!” I spread her arms above her head and pinned her wrists down.She let out a breath as my cock rubbed up her leg and around her mound. I grabbed the right cuff and put it on her wrist, and she let out a loud giggle and an “Ooooh.” She seemed to think I was done after I also cuffed her left wrist. She gave them a tug and realized she was not going anywhere.I got up and moved toward the bottom of the bed. I loosened the leg straps more to the side of the bed so she could spread her legs and move her heels toward her ass. When I cuffed her right ankle she let out a long breath and start breathing hard. I cuffed her left ankle and a smile ran across her lips. I told her I loved that smile, and told her to lick those lips for me.Then I stepped back and admired my naked wife, tied down and blindfolded on the bed. I held out as long as I could, and when she started to squirm, I walked over to the side of the bed nearest her head. I leaned down, kissed her neck, and turned her head to the side towards me. I hovered my dick about a foot from her head and started stroking it.From the sounds I was making, she knew what I was doing. She opened her mouth and I moved in, putting one knee on the bed, and put my hard cock in her mouth. I threw my head back in pleasure—it felt so good! Her tongue worked the tip of my cock as I let it hang there. Circle after circle around the head was ecstasy. She tried to move her head up and down but couldn’t really move so I started moving for her, fucking her mouth as she sucked me off.Feeling the cum building up, I backed off again and she frowned and sighed opening her mouth for more. In a playful, teasing move, I told her to stick her tongue out and I put the tip of my dick on her tongue. There was a lot of precum on it, and she lapped it up with an appreciative “Mmmm.”Because she was tied up and not able to move, I had full access to her naked body. I kissed her skin all over, starting from her neck down her shoulders to her hands, back around the shoulder across her tit, around the edge of her nipple (making sure not to touch the nipple), and down the side of her body. Then I kissed around her hip, just grazing the top of the inside of her thigh. She was now moaning and breathing heavily. I lifted up, not touching the bed, and leaned down and put her hard nipple in my mouth making circles around it. She arched her back up off the bed in pleasure, offering her nipple to my mouth as she moaned even louder. I worked on that nipple for a few minutes.Then I went back to kissing down her stomach and around the top of her slit. I left the lights on so I could admire this beauty below me, but also because I like to watch her move and see her facial expressions.When I worked my way down between her legs, she wassowet. I licked down one side of her pussy lips, sucking on them as I went down and up each side. She bucked as I teased her. I got up again, leaning over her body, and did the same thing I did to her nipple, but to her wet pussy. Without touching her anywhere else, I put my tongue right into her pussy and licked up the middle across her clit. She let out a cry of pleasure. I did it again, and then again. She brought her heels up to open her legs.I then lowered myself and wrapped my arms under her ass and legs and buried my face in her pussy. She tasted so good! I alternated between fucking her with my tongue as deep in her hole as I could, and playfully flicking and circling around her clit.I heard moan after moan as she got closer to cumming, and I was grinding myself against the bed. Had I stayed on that clit, she would have cum. But I knew what she wanted even more.While still working my tongue in her pussy, I reached over for the dildo I had placed nearby earlier. She was so wet, there was no need for lubricant. I rubbed the dildo up and down her pussy and she laughed, knowing what was to come.I slid that realistic dick into her hole, and she cried out, “YES!”Her arms and legs pulled against the restraints, but they were locked in. I was so proud it worked, and so turned on watching her body move.I slowly worked the now-glistening dildo in and out of her pussy. Her pussy lips grabbed onto it, not wanting to let it out as she tried to lift her hips with each thrust downward.Knowing she was ready, I licked from the top of that dildo to her clit. Then I trapped her clit gently between my teeth and flicked it with my tongue faster and faster while fucking her with the dildo faster and faster.In seconds, she screamed out, “I’m cumming, I’m cumming!” She curled her toes and clenched her body around that dildo. She can only handle so much clit stimulation when she cums, so I stopped licking it as the waves of pleasure erupted from her body. After a minute, she stopped bucking and I took the dildo out. I laid it next to her and licked deep in her pussy. She moaned again with pleasure as I licked up her cum. I love how she tastes when she cums.After wiping my face off and letting her catch her breath, I went between her legs and pushed her ankles up to spread her legs. I took my throbbing cock and watched it enter her shaved pussy hole. We both moaned out in pleasure.While moving in and out of her, I reached up and took her blindfold off. Her eyes were wide open staring at me as I fucked her. I leaned up so the top of my shaft would rub closer to her clit, and that was all she needed—she came again. She tried to keep eye contact and not close her eyes, but her pleasure was too much, and I watched her eyes roll back into her head.An urge started in my thighs and went straight up to the tip of my cock. I started going faster and faster and my cock exploded. Shot after shot of cum leapt from my cock into her pussy. I let out a loud groan as the release felt so incredibly amazing. Wave after wave of ecstasy took over both of us.I let her arms and legs free and we fell in a satisfied clump on each other. We went right to sleep. The next morning she told me she was a happy, satisfied girl because I was so thoughtful and planned that experience. She thanked me by sucking my cock again and letting me fuck her from behind.Hope you enjoyed experience as much as we did.