We would like to say thank you to MarriageHeat and the MH community!  You all are amazing.  This is our first post, and we hope that it may help others.As a couple married for over 20 years, sometimes life, work, etc., get very busy, and we take our personal life, family life, and even our intimate life for granted.To help combat this, we have adopted the S.O.S. plan: Sex On Schedule.  At first, we were very against this as it seemed to take the spontaneity out of intimacy.  But we realized that making sure that we had these moments together is more important than how these moments came to be.We also realized that we each need different kinds of intimacy, from maintenance quickies to sexy fun to cuddle time.So we have made our schedule such that Mondays are our quickie nights, Wednesdays are our sexy fun nights (while our kids are at youth group), and Fridays are our love/cuddle nights.We will write a future post about Sexy Fun Night and describe how we use a roulette app to spin a wheel to see what sexy activity we do that evening.We hope this helps another couple as it has helped us.D&AFrom MH: Thanks, Dustin and Alene! We look forward to your story submission!Our friends at Get Your Marriage On! have a great app calledIntimately Us*dedicated to helping married couples experience great sex, and one of its features is a private Intimacy Calendar—perfect for planning and recording sexy time. If you are the higher-drive spouse in your relationship, it can help to know that specific times have been agreed upon for sex. And for a lower-drive spouse, sometimes the anticipation of that dedicated period to focus on one another can build excitement. You can decide ahead of time who will initiate and annotate whether to expect languid lovemaking or torrid passion—unless you both prefer a surprise. 😉 The app features many other marriage intimacy builders, too!How about you, MHers? Have you found scheduling a time for sexhelpful to your relationship? If you are having trouble finding time to connect, would you suggest to your spouse that you set aside a day (or three) for meeting each other’s needs? Let us know in the comments.*Affiliate link. Full disclosure atthis link.