My husband removes my blind fold. My hands are tied to the headboard and my ankles tied to my hands in in a pretzel position. I look down and see my smooth pussy on display for my husband to use. My pussy lips are like a butterfly; the lips go to both sides like wings.Now let me back up for a minute and explain why and how I got into this position. We had only been married about six months. I had just finished my laser hair removal treatment, and my pussy was officially smooth for life. So I decided I was going to tease me husband through out the day. While he worked, I sent him pictures of me in different positions. He kept telling me what a pretty pussy I have and that when he got home, he was going to punish my pussy. After all, it is his pussy.I said, “Yes, sir, it is your pussy. I want you to punish it good and make it not be able to walk.” Little did I know how true that statement would be.Now back to the bedroom, where I am tied to the bed. My husband says, “Now you are going to watch as I punish your pussy, young lady.”“Yes, sir,” I answer.As I watch, my husband starts to lick my pussy and suck my clit. My pussy gets soaking wet.“Yes, baby, that’s it. Lick my pussy. Lick it. Taste that pussy.”He pushes two fingers into my pussy and starts licking me harder.Looking down and watching my husband lick my pussy is so fucking hot that I have to cum. I start to shake and scream out loud, “Oh, baby, please don’t stop. Eat that pussy. Make me cum.” I lose all control and start to squirt all over him.“Good girl,” he tells me. “Now I am going to punish this pussy.” Taking his mouth from my pussy, he rises up to his knees, and I see his huge cock is rock hard. He slams it into me, balls deep, and kisses me passionately.“Now, watch as I fuck your pussy,” he says. He pushes up with his arms as if doing a push-up and starts slamming that cock into me.I watch my pussy lips grip his cock as he goes all the way out to the head and slams it back into me. I scream, “OH, DADDY, FUCK ME! FUCK MY PUSSY HARDER.”  Our bed slams the wall and bounces off the floor. I lose control, watching him fuck me, and again I squirt all over. My husband continues to pound me as I squirt over and over.“Fuck me hard. Make me sore. Fuck. My. Pussy!” I yell. My husband is slamming that meat inside me, and my pussy is loving it. “Oh, daddy, your making my pussy so sore. Fuck me till I can’t walk. Harder!” I beg.He continues to fuck my pussy so hard that one of my wrist straps comes loose.I beg him, “Please cum, daddy. Please cum in my pussy. Please, daddy?”After one final thrust, I look down and watch my husband’s cock pulsating as he fills me with his hot young cum. He kisses me deeply while emptying every drop into my pussy.As he unties me, my legs fall on the bed. I am so sore I can barely move. My pussy throbs from the pounding, and I love it.The next day, I am barely able to walk straight, and from that day on, there is no doubt who owns my pussy. I am proud to say that my husband owns my pussy to use as he pleases, and I would not have it any other way.