This summer, I bought my first thongs and began wearing them pretty much all the time, except for when “that” time of the month hit.  It took some adjusting, because I’m so used to regular panties and always want to pull them out of my crack when they get stuck.  But the thongs are nice and thin and stretchy, so I barely feel them.I remember the first Sunday I wore a thong under my skirt to church.  I felt so naughty! It’s possible that anyone with eagle eyes could have seen the outline of the thong, since I often wear pencil skirts.  And I’m generally pretty wet for a lot of my cycle, so that was even more naughty.  Of course, it was summer, so I was sweating too, but the gooey cream soaking the crotch of the thong was not sweat.I accompanied the hymns on the piano and went to my seat, feeling like everyone was zeroing in on my skimpy underwear right through my clothes.  But I also felt very feminine.  I sat in the pew imagining that my future husband was up on the stage, singing a special, and rousing my desire and admiration for him.  Then I pictured him beside me, maybe adroitly touching me.  If people could read minds, they would probably be greatly shocked at the thoughts in their shy pianist’s head.  I doubt that people look at me and think, “Wow, she’s sexy!” Little do they know how I think and how I plan to act with my husband someday!The sermon turned my attention to the Lord, as it always does, coming from our able pastor.  I’m always refreshed by the preaching and the moving of the Spirit in my soul.  As I listened, and later when I got up to play the invitation, a title came to me: the virtuous vixen.  That was me.  Quiet, classily dressed, unassuming, just there to serve the Body of Christ and worship Him.  Inside…steaming, adventurous, imaginative, excited about future sexual discoveries.  With God’s help, I’m aiming to be a woman of virtue, pure and lovely in heart, seeking the Lord always.  And by His blessing, I have also uncovered the joyfully sexual woman deep within me, and thus intend to be, for the right man, a vixen.  Virtuous vixen.