We have had such an exciting couple of months in our sex life, and I’m just over the moon how well Trevor can read my body. We are only less than a year in, and I can’t wait to see what sex will be like after decades studying one another. I’m so enjoying how I’m growing in being connected with my body and sexuality, and Trevor loves to play with me and enjoys getting me to cum. I had this one orgasm I wanted to share with you, following my squirting convo.We had had two rounds of sex the night before, and I when I opened my eyes, I was still horny. Trevor was still sleeping, but I watched his reaction when I reached for his dick. I love his dick; it’s thick and nicely curved. I started to stroke him, feeling him grow in my hand, and while his eyes stayed closed, I saw his smile spreading.He cupped my face to kiss me good morning, and I brought my left hand to massage his balls. “You never get enough, do you, babe?” He chuckled and rolled me over on my back.I lifted my legs and spread them for him. Instantly, Trevor was in between my legs, and I dipped my fingers in my pussy to spread my juices on my clit. Then I watched him bring his cock to rub my clit and slide it up and down my slit, teasing me.I love our eye contact during sex, and my eyes shot wide open when he dipped his tip into my pussy. He pulled it out, dipped it once more, and pulled it out again. His grin just showed how much he loves to tease me.I spread my lips open for him, but he never gives up easily. A few more minutes passed before he finally fucked me good. With my legs on his shoulders, he pounded me deep, and I orgasmed, feeling slippery wet. Trevor flipped me around to finish in doggy position.He came, and I thought we’d get back to cuddling, but after he had been holding me a while, he started to play with my nipples and rub my thighs. I opened my legs for him again.As his hand reached to rub my clit, Trevor watched my reactions intently. It was such a turn on. He pulled my clit hood back to massage the very tip of it slowly until I came again.Then the real fun began. His hand moved lower, and he pushed his middle and ring fingers inside me. He curled them to massage my G-spot as he lowered his mouth to my nipple and began to suck.I was so spent already that I just lay there, enjoying the orgasms. I love to be vocal during sex, and my moans turned louder.Trevor felt me getting closer. I don’t even know how he knows when to start going harder when hitting my G-spot, but he did.My body felt such overwhelming pleasure, and I started to squirt. But this time, Trevor kept fingering me through the orgasm, and I squirted more than I ever have. My juices splashed on my face, stomach and legs. Trevor was covered in my cum, too. And there wasn’t only a wet spot on the sheets—they were soaked.I felt so sexy being covered in my juices, and Trevor brought his hand to my mouth so I could lick it. I sucked the droplets from his fingers while relaxation started to overtake my body.Trevor pulled me in his arms, trying to find a dry spot on the bed, and held me against his chest.How lucky am I?