(L) – This post contains strong language.An Introductory Note from MarriageHeatThis post contains a couple of references to pre-marriage sexual relationships. While we do not endorse such relationships, there is something to learn from how people embrace and enjoy sexuality, even in the wrong context. We are allowing it for the sake of this discussion, but the rule stands that we will generally not publish content about extra-marital sexual activity. Accordingly, we ask that references to any such non-marital sexual activity be minimized in the comments, out of respect for our marriage-focused environment. Thank you!**********Are you turned on by thesoundsof sex?  I certainly am!A common theme in many of the posts on this site is that sex is a form of communication.  Beyond all of the sweet, loving, emotional things that people say is the realm of the basic, unfiltered,sexythings that people say.  You know—those raw, off-the-cuff, spur-of-the-moment things that just fly out of one’s mouth in the heat of things.Much of my adult life has been spent around people with intense, precise jobs: police, medical, military, Special Operations, air-traffic controllers, etc.  As a result, I tend to “say what I mean, and mean what I say.”  I like communications to be direct and unambiguous.Example: a wife looks deep into her husband’s eyes and moans, “Fuckme….”In my mind, that is the sweetest, kindest, most loving thing that a wife can say.  No euphemisms, no guesswork, no head games.  Just something that will make both husband and wife equally happy.Almost equally alluring are the non-word sounds—those guttural, often subconscious sounds that convey raw emotions without formal words.Although this was outside of marriage, I once had a girlfriend who would make this loud, sighing/groaning noise, like “Uhhhhhh…”  If someone had been lost in the woods for three days without food, this was the kind of sound you’d expect them to make as they took their first bite of hot stew.  Wow!  It was an ultimate compliment!Along the above lines, and because I have exposure to multiple languages (including American Sign Language), I have long been curious about the sounds that a Deaf woman might make during sex.  If she has never heard spoken words, then there is nothing to imitate.  Her sounds would be primal and totally unfiltered.  Wow!I also had a girlfriend who would go into great detail about how proud she was of overcoming her gag reflex by practicing on a banana.  The application of that skill is easy to guess, and she would speak at length out of excitement at her success.Back-and-forth sexual conversations seem to be quite rare, but I find them arousing.  I especially like it when a woman “narrates” her sexual thoughts and feelings—duringsex, and in great detail.  (Kinda the way that HornyGG and CreamyPatty type their stories.)  In the jargon of TV sports, I like the “full-color, play-by-play” version.OK, your turn! What kinds of sexy sounds or words turn you on?