My wife, M, and I have been trying for a child since the summer, and the process has been more involved than expected.  This is on top of me doing school full time, working full time, and the general pressures of life. It’s been one of the busiest, most stressful years that either could remember for some time.As Christmas week approached, some much-needed work time off was coming our way.  Originally, I scheduled time off the week between Christmas and New Year’s, but ice and snow kept us from working the latter half of the week prior, too. This meant we were blessed with two extra, unexpected days off.  M’s doctor also said to have sex as much as we could in that week. So we got to work getting naked.From Thursday to Tuesday, we had sex.  We made it our goal to keep it fun.  We decided to use a new position every night and do them around the house.  Even with the time off, we neared the last day of M’s ovulation and could feel our inspiration waning.  And then, with God’s blessing, something came to me.One night, we lay on our couch watching one of the Harry Potter movies. M had never seen them, so we were watching through the series of movies together. Out of the blue, we decided to go to our bedroom and have sex.  And an idea just came over me.  As my wife took off her clothes and lay on our bed, my excitement built.I took a blindfold that we had and put it over her eyes. I grabbed her legs and tied them to the foot of our bed so that she lay there spread eagle. We love bondage, and she loves being dominated, so we keep nice nylon ropes tied to our bed just in case the moment arises.  I LOVED just looking at my wife sprawled out, taking in her amazing, naked body.I’ve also always just wanted to watch my wife pleasure herself.  M can get self-conscious, though, hence the blindfold. That way, she couldn’t see me and felt more comfortable complying with my “demands.” She lay there, legs open, her breasts resting perfectly on her chest and bouncing ever so slightly as she placed her hand between her thighs and pleasured herself.She moaned slightly as I gently asked, “How’s that feel?”To which she responded with a breathy, “So good.”I then took my phone and recorded her masturbating in front of me.  At this point, I was rock hard. So I took her phone and recorded me pleasuring myself while watching her so that she had something for later.When we venture into light bondage and domination, our favorite thing is to edge M mercilessly. So, I told her to rub herself hard and fast to bring her right to the edge, and then made her stop.  I came around to sit beside her on the bed as she continued pleasuring herself and gently placed my hand on her throat.She gasped in excitement as I said, “Is this good?”She nodded her head and said, “Yeah …” as she rubbed herself further.I asked if she wanted my hand tighter around her throat, and she urged me on until there was a pressure she loved around her neck.  Furiously, she rubbed herself until I made her stop.  She laughed and moaned as I grabbed one of her toys (a purple dildo) and straddled her middle, facing her feet.Gently, I began working the dildo inside her, making her gasp from surprise and pleasure, before fully inserting it into her. I love doing this with her, and the image of something going in and out of her body is so hot.  As I worked the toy, I began stroking myself with my other hand, timing my strokes with her toy going in and out.  M loved every minute of it until I sensed it was time for both of us to enjoy each other.Sliding the toy out, I knelt between her legs, removed the blindfold, and kissed her hard.“Do you need me to put myself in slow or fast?”M’s desire showed in her eyes like flames as she said “Give me all of it. I’ll be just fine!” To this, I pushed my cock into my wife with one fast motion, causing her back and head to arch and her to moan in pleasure.As I thrust into her hot center, I spoke to her, ” You’re my one and only. I’m forever yours, my love.”She grabbed the back of my head with her hands and brought me close, forehead to forehead, looking into my eyes as she finally climaxed.  Her moans filled our room as I said, “Let me know when to stop with our safe word.” And began thrusting ever increasingly hard and fast.Her fingers dug into my hips as she moaned, “Yes!  Yes!  Yes!!” and then, soon, “Pineapple! Pineapple!”I slowed to a stop, our heavy breathing intermingling.  With my cock still inside her, I laid my head on her chest as she wrapped her arms and legs around me tightly, her body shaking from the aftermath of her orgasm.“I love you.  And that is all yours.” I said.Eventually, we started again, slowly, before I picked up into a frenzied thrusting.  My wife had finished, which was the goal, and now she wanted me to finish as badly as I did.  I undid the straps on her legs and rolled her onto her stomach, my front smacking into her beautiful butt.“Yeah, baby. Does that feel good?” she asked.I responded accordingly.  An immense gathering of pleasure built inside me as my thrusting pace increased, my breathing got heavier and quicker, and we both knew I was nearing the finish.  I groaned “I’m all yours!  I’m all yours!  YOU’RE ALL MINE!” as M moaned at the same time, “I’M ALL YOURS!” With that, I exploded into her, groaning in pleasure, and she released a moan laced with her beautiful laugh.We lay together, breathing heavily, trying to catch our breath, and come down from our high.  I wrapped my arms around her and told her of my love for her, and she affirmed the same for me.  We pulled our pants back on (my wife leaving her incredible breasts bare) and reclined on the couch to continue our movie.  As we lay there for about twenty minutes, my wife ran her hand across my back.  I absolutely love it when she does this.  I relaxed, and as more minutes passed, my wife’s hand began to wander.She casually pushed her hand into my waistband and began rubbing my butt.  I didn’t think of this being sexual but rather an intimate gesture, as when I do it to her. The minutes rolled on, and her hand occasionally wandered to my hip before returning to my back and then my butt.  She had pushed my pants down slightly so my left cheek was partially out.As she rubbed and occasionally lightly groped, her hand playfully poked my limp member, which jumped like I did when she touched it.  I laughed gently as she went back to my back.Finally, she said, in faux exasperation, “Pull your pants down so I can touch your butt!”I willingly obliged and shook it as I said, “You mean YOUR butt.”“Yeah, you’re right,” she said as she smacked my right cheek and groped it tightly.  I laughed and groaned slightly in approval as the movie rolled on, and M continue reveling in touching what is hers.And then her hand wander down to my hip again… and then around the front, where my soft cock began to stir.  Gently she took me in her hands and began rubbing me.  One of M’s favorite things to do is to feel me getting hard in her hands, and as she gently moved me around with her fingers, I began to stiffen.I moved to my side, my head in her lap, as my cock continued to swell.  Then I rolled to my back, kicked my pants off, and moaned. She wrapped her hand around me, slowly stroking me, and the pleasure was indescribable. My bride’s desire for me, and mine for her, amplified the electricity shooting through my groin with every stroke. My eyes closed as I soaked in this moment. Before long, that familiar pleasure and pressure began to fill in my tip as my breathing quickened. “I’m so close,” I said.She quickened her strokes slightly as she said, “I want all of it.” And with that, I came. Her steady strokes pumped the cum out of me and all over her hand and my stomach.“Is that all of it?” she asked as she slowed her strokes. I replied with a nod as I opened my eyes to gaze on her breasts and her smiling face looking down at me. We kissed and snuggled back in to finish our movie, relaxed and enjoying each other’s company.