(L) – This story contains strong language.This is a fictional story I wrote. I just can’t write any more stories concerning mine and Ben’s past sex life. It’s still too hard for me at the present time. This will be a series, and I hope y’all enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it.– Gina (MamaGG, AKA hornyGG)**********PETER AND CONNIE – PART 1Peter and Connie had been married for fifteen years, and felt that the desire and excitement was slowly disappearing from their otherwise happy marriage.Peter rolled off of Connie, pulling his dick from her, and lay beside her.“Baby,” Connie began, “are you happy with our sex life? I mean, are you satisfied with it?” she asked as she padded nude to the bathroom.“Sure, I guess, baby,” Peter replied as he covered his nude body with the bed linen. “Why do you ask? Are you? Don’t I satisfy you?”Connie walked back to bed and crawled in next to Peter, laying her head on his chest.“Of course baby!” she said. “You always satisfy me, as far as making me cum. I just feel as though the spontaneity has for some reason vanished.” As she spoke, she idly circled one of his nipples with her finger.Peter felt a bit confused. “What exactly do you mean? I thought all was good. I mean, we still fuck regularly!”Connie propped her head up and looked at Peter. “I’m not necessarily talking about regularity. I’m talking about unplanned sex! For instance, when was the last time you took me and fucked me on the sofa? Or when was the last time you awakened me in the middle of the night wanting some? That’s what I’m talking about,” Connie replied.“Baby, I understand, and you’re right!” Peter replied. “But we both have steady jobs, and raising our two children makes things like that almost impossible. You know this as well as I do. The sex we have now is good and always has been. It’s just that times have changed. We’re not young anymore!”“You’re probably right! Maybe it’s just that I worry sometimes that I’m not enough for you,” Connie said as tears welled up in her eyes. “I just want you to be happy! That’s all!” Connie turned over, putting her back to him as tears ran down her face.Peter lay close to Connie and put his arm around her. “Baby! I love you with all my heart! You are all I ever wanted and need!” He then kissed her neck.“I love you too! So much!” Connie replied, taking his hand in hers as they both drifted off to sleep.**********The next day, Connie sat in her office, eating a sandwich she had brought for lunch. She thought hard about the conversation she’d had with Peter.No, she wasn’t concerned that he would cheat on her, and yes sex had been fairly regular. Yes, she still desired him, and he still desired her. But she couldn’t help but feel that things could be better than good.She called her mother and asked if she would mind keeping the kids for the weekend, explaining that she and Peter were going away for the weekend.It was a spur-of-the-moment thing, as she hadn’t worked all the details out—details like where they would be going, and telling Peter of her idea. But she was anxious and determined.After contemplating and looking at several possible locations. She decided on a certain cabin on the lake about forty miles from where they lived. It seemed secluded enough and was definitely affordable. Hell, even if it had been a little more expensive, it would have been worth it. Besides, Peter liked to fish, and being on the lake, he would have plenty opportunities. Of course, if things went the way she hoped, he wouldn’t be doing much fishing. He’d be too busy laying his pipe to her. She called and made the reservations.Now to tell Peter.**********The Thursday before they were to leave, she and Peter were in bed making love. Peter was on top in the missionary position, thrusting his hard dick into her with deep, steady thrusts. Their groans and moans mixed in with the creaking of the bedsprings.“Oh Peter! I love you so much!” Connie cried. “Your dick feels so good inside me! So big and hard! Fuck me, Peter! Fuck me!”Peter grunted and groaned as he increased the tempo of his thrusting. The walls of Connie’s pussy gripped his cock, seemingly milking him as his balls bounced against her ass as they fucked.Connie dug her nails into his shoulders, then raked them across his back as she wrapped her legs around his waist, trying to pull him in even deeper. She could feel her climax building inside her, and she began to pant heavily.“Oh Peter! Yes, I’m so close!” Connie panted, trying to keep her cries of passion toned down so to not wake the children. “Harder, Peter! Fuck me harder! Yesssss, Peter! Ohhhhhh God, Peter I’m gonna cum! You’re gonna make me cum! Yesssss, fuck meeeee! I’m cumminggggg!” Her body stiffened and trembled beneath him, her cunt squeezing and sucking at his dick as she convulsed with her orgasm.Peter’s balls tightened and his dick began to throb deep inside her as he gave one final hard thrust before releasing his warm cum deep inside her. He groaned deeply and lay spent on top of his beautiful wife.Pulling his dick from her pussy, he lay beside her as they both tried to catch their breaths, enjoying the afterglow of their lovemaking. Connie smiled as she lay her head on his chest looking down at his spent, now semi-hard cock. Peter groaned as she ran her fingers lightly along his cock shaft. A small drop of his cum formed at the tip of his dick.Looking at Peter, she kissed her way down his body and took his cock in her hand. She flicked out her tongue, cleaning the tip of his cock. Peter let out a groan as his wife took his dick into her mouth and sucked while giving his balls a slight squeeze with her free hand. Peter groaned and his body jerked due to the sensitivity.“Damn! You haven’t done that in a while!” Peter said.Connie let his dick slip out of her mouth and lay her head back on his chest as she cupped his balls with her hand.“Well dear, you never asked! If you ever want me to suck your dick for you, all you have to do is ask!” Connie replied.“I just thought you didn’t care for it and preferred not to do it! So I just never mentioned it.” Peter replied.Connie laughed and said, “That’s what you get for thinking! Baby, I don’t mind sucking your dick. As a matter of fact, I kinda enjoy it. I mean, it’s not my most favorite thing in the world to do, I admit! But I realize that it makes you happy, and that’s all I want—to make you happy!” Connie replied as she got out of bed and made her way to the bathroom.Peter got out of bed, slipped his boxers back on, and walked to the kitchen to pour himself a glass of milk. Connie soon walked in wearing a white robe, and fixed a glass of ice water.“Hon, what do you think about going away this weekend, just me and you?” Connie asked. She took a sip of her water as she waited for his reply.“I’m fine with it! What about the kids?” Peter asked.“Mom agreed to keep them! I made reservations at this cabin on the lake. I know you enjoy fishing, and it looks fairly secluded according to the pictures on the internet.”“So, I see you already got this all planned out!”Connie walked over to her husband and kissed him gently on the lips. She whispered, “I do! And guess what? We can stay naked and fuck whenever we want! Anywhere we want!”“I do like the way you think baby!” Peter said as he kissed his wife again.Peter walked back to the bed and started to get back in, but paused to watch when he saw his wife take her robe off and slip naked in bed.“You gonna wear those boxers to sleep in?” Connie asked with a grin. “I mean you can if you want to, but you don’t have to! Remember when we were first married? We would sleep naked all the time before the kids were born. Who knows? I might wanna take advantage of you during the night!” She winked at him.Peter paused for a moment and smiled. He then removed his boxers and crawled nude in the bed next to Connie, snuggling up close to her.“I love you!” Peter whispered as he put his arm around Connie and kissed her cheeks.“I love you too baby!” Connie replied softly.Peter smiled. He didn’t know why the sudden change had happened in his wife, but he wasn’t complaining! He just embraced it as they fell asleep, cuddled close together.**********On Saturday morning, Peter awakened to the sound of his children talking and the smell of breakfast cooking. He then heard his wife taking and giving them orders. Getting out of bed, he walked naked to the master bathroom to urinate. As he was doing so, he felt a hand caress his back. It was Connie.“Good morning sleepy head! Ready for our little get away? Of course you shouldn’t have to pack much in the way of clothes! I’m bringing my vibrator with us!” She said softly.“Yes, It shouldn’t take long for me to pack!” he replied.“Mmmm! That looks tempting! But we don’t have time for any hanky panky! We gotta get the kids to my mom’s and hit the road! I’m so excited, Baby!” Connie said, giving Peter quick kiss.After dropping the kids off, and having a quick visit with Connie’s mom and dad, the couple was on their way.