To My Dearest Wife,You’re the woman of my dreams, the woman I’ve prayed for. Your smile lights up the room, and your personality is amazing. Your love for others and God is sincere. You’re my dream come true. God created you and me for good reason; he knew we were meant to be. I remember the first time I laid eyes on you and knew. I was nervous asking for your hand in marriage but you knew too. I saved myself for you. God told me you were my wife before you knew.I remember our wedding day. Perfect. Shining. Bright. My heart beat fast; we were one. I couldn’t wait to spend forever with you.I remember getting back to our hotel, both of us exhausted and nervous. We knew what was to come. We kissed deeply, passionately, for the first time ever! I saw your entire self for the first time. I noticed your breasts… your hair… your legs—even your inner parts. I said a little prayer in my head, thanking God for you.You are so beautiful. My body couldn’t help itself. The first time, I felt my body rise with such passion—passions I didn’t know I had. We lay down, kissed, and touched. You were mine, all mine. I was yours, all yours. I loved the way you stroked me. How excited I got! Every touch sent fire through our bodies that grew and grew.Then it was time. We were both so nervous we were sweating. I prayed to God to guide me. We laughed, trying to find what was meant to go together. When we did, oh baby, I fell for you even more. I couldn’t help myself, I had to have more of you! I shut out the words of people who say it’s not worth it to wait. We were worth it. And here we were in a sea full of love, of connection. Warm tingles, smooth sensations, all from you—my wife.Your body is something I cherish. I respect you. I can’t believe I get to have all of you forever! When I saw you that first time, I was in awe. I remember how you reacted to your first orgasm, the slight moans that you made as I rubbed your special parts. I love how you react to me now and pull me close as my erect penis thrusts in and out of you. Your moans, whimpers, and heavy breathing are music to my ears. I lose myself in them.And those breasts! I love them. I can’t believe God created such beauties for me to enjoy. I lick them and play with them, and your reactions  say it all. I love how they bounce around as we play around.I love the sexy ways you spice things up. Even if I come home from work exhausted, seeing what you’ve planned makes my exhaustion go away. Your breasts peek out of that small top, and I can’t help but gaze at them. I love the dinner you cooked, the wine you bought, and the sexual tension in the air. I try to control myself but you’re so beautiful. I feel my erection growing, and your hand in my lap does too.We eat as if nothing is going to happen, but it does. You’re made up, and the room is too. You bring me to our bedroom, and not much time passes before we are both naked and your soft lips are on my rod. Then you tease and tease. You’re on top of me, breasts bouncing, as I beg of you to cum for me. You smile and kiss me, then stop riding to stroke me.This cycle repeats again and again, making me ache more and more. Your insides have stroked me; now I return the favor with my thumb on your clit. Pretty soon, we just can’t take it.“Baby, fuck! Right there.” Music to my ears. My hands cramp but I don’t care; I know what’s to come. I continued to fuck you and use my hands on your pleasure point until your body goes out of control. It’s a wonderful scene. You wiggle around, trying to control it, but you know you can’t. You give into the pleasure and moan my name. I hear, “OMG, baby, I’m cumming on you.”I almost cum myself hearing you. Once finished, you smile. You kiss me, and when you pull away, there’s a twinkle in your eyes. You lie down and pull me in. I feel your hands on my aching rod.“Now fuck me.”I enter you so gently, watching your pretty face as you gasp.  My head is in. I want slow; you say no, and  I comply. Pretty soon, baby, we’re both on our high. Our moans fill the room as I feel your legs around me. I’m throbbing. I feel myself letting go, and you do too. I don’t have to say what’s going to happen soon—you know. You pull me deeper.“Cum in me baby.”Those are all the words I need. I thrust into you faster and harder. Deeper. I want myself buried in you. I feel it, almost there. We’re both hot, sweaty.You say “Oh baby, yes. Cum in me.”I try to hold on, but I can’t. One more deep thrust does it for me. I hear, “Yes, baby. Cum in me,” and it happens!My mind goes blank. As I come to my senses, I see you under me, holding me tightly and smiling. You lean up to kiss me, and I kiss back.“I love your cum inside me,” you say.Deep down, I don’t want us to be done. I need to see your pretty pleasure face again before we end, a face meant only for me. As I pull out, I kiss you again. I want you flat on the bed as I arouse you more and more.You love it and react. I get to that spot—the special spot that I just released into. I tease and tease until you are pleased.You tell me you can’t take it anymore. Oh, it’s so sexy seeing you beg. I tease more as you continue to beg. I can’t help but give in. I eat like a champion, pretty sure I’ll get the gold. I eat and eat.You squirm around, your moans and breathy cries making my heart skip a few beats. I’m happy; though I get a little tired, I push through. When you grab my head hard, I know what’s coming: you’re right there. And sure enough, pretty soon you announce, “I’m gonna cum.”I get excited. I don’t think about tiredness when you squirm and move around more as I eat. It’s as if you’re trying to get away, holding on but you can’t. You fight until you can’t anymore. Then I hear, “Fuck!” and I know it’s there.“Baby, I’m cumming!” you moan loudly, eyes rolled back, messy hair, body shaking. I love it. I continue eating, enjoying myself as much you enjoy yourself. Your high is here. You’re so sexy! My heart pounds faster as I take you there.As you motion me back up to you, you let out, “Fuckkk… that’s good.”  We both succeeded. I notice your eyes are filled with tears. You reassure me your release was deep and felt amazing. I feel happy that you’re happy.We clean up after, then snuggle side by side as you fall asleep in my arms. I look at you and think, “Thank God I get this beautiful woman forever.” I stare at your breasts as we snuggle nude—so perfect. I watch your chest softly rise and fall. I kiss your forehead. “Good night, my love,” I whisper and thank you. Gosh, I can’t believe you’re mine.Until next time.Sincerely,Your husband