Here’s an idea to make doing a chore a bit more…interesting.Decide on a chore that needs doing.  It could be anything, but for the purposes of this ‘story’, the chore will be doing some cleaning.First, play a (quick) game of some sort: it can be anything you like, so long as there is a clear winner/loser at the end.The spouse wholosesthe game can then choose.  They can either ‘clean up’ and do the cleaning (or chore).  Or they can instead choose to ‘dirty down’ (or ‘double down’ if you prefer), in which case play another round of the game.  If the ‘losing’ spouse wins this time, then both spouses help with the cleaning.  Of course dirtying down has its risks as well, and the risk is that the losing spouse loses again, they not only have to ‘clean up’, they have to do so while completely naked!However, if the ‘losing’ spouse loses again, then they have another opportunity to ‘dirty down’.  This time, if they win, they still have to ‘clean up’, but can do so clothed.  If they lose, they not only have to clean up naked, but they must do a forfeit chosen at random (roll a dice) from the list below:1: They stay naked for the rest of the day, even once the cleaning has been completed.2: They complete an additional chore (or two lots of cleaning), also while naked.3: They shave off all their pubic hair (choose a different one if already shaved).4: They masturbate to orgasm for the (viewing) enjoyment of the winner.5: They are spanked by the winner.6: They give oral sex to the winner.You can use your own forfeits if you prefer, or pick one rather than choosing at random.The ‘losing’ spouse then has one final opportunity to ‘dirty down.’  If they win, then they still have to clean up naked, but don’t have to do the forfeit.  However, if they lose, they must doallthe forfeits!VariationRather than playing a game and having a ‘losing’ spouse right away, play several rounds and keep score (or a play a game with points).   Then follow the rules below:If the number of rounds won are tied, both spouses ‘clean up.’If the ‘losing’ spouse has won1round fewer, that spouse ‘cleans up.’If the ‘losing’ spouse has won2rounds fewer, that spouse ‘cleans up’ naked.If the ‘losing’ spouse has won3rounds fewer, that spouse ‘cleans up’ naked and does a forfeit.If the ‘losing’ spouse has won4rounds fewer (or more), that spouse ‘cleans up’ naked and does all the forfeits.Of course, please feel free to adjust any of the rules to suit your situation or enjoyment.Have fun playing…and please leave a comment or story to let us know how it goes and what the outcome was.