My wife and I were reminiscing recently about some of the hottest, sex-charged times we have experienced during our 20 years of marriage. We do this regularly (mostly leading up to an extended sex session) to keep our sex life fresh and provide each other with mental and physical stimulation.“Looking back, I guess my favorite experience had to be our Jamaican trip,” Patty said with one hand rolling the nipple on her right breast, her other positioned on her sopping wet pussy with only two fingers in view. “I forgave you, and we had the best makeup sex ever.” My cock, resting along her thigh, swelled rapidly at the memory.Now allow me to provide some background:It was 1999, and I was a sales executive for a national marketing company. My division had just won a corporate-sponsored contest for bringing in the most new clients, and the prize, awarded to all 30 division executives, was an all-expense paid trip to Jamaica. We were only two years into marriage then and didn’t have much money for such luxury vacations, so Patty and I were stoked!“This one’s going to cost you, Jimmy,” Patty had warned me. “I have nothing to wear for this wonderful trip.”As I glanced at her overstuffed closet, I nodded and said, “Of course, sweetie.”The truth is, I was excited about what she would be purchasing for this trip. Being the oversexed and impulsive hottie she is (though maybe a little less so back then), I knew I would be the primary beneficiary of her shopping spree. Patty has a thing about never letting me see new items she buys; everythinghasto be a surprise. But I’m not complaining about her dramatic notions!I’ll fast forward to day one of our trip. The flight was fine despite a few glitches, crowded airport gates, etc. But we forgot everything with the first breath of warm air wafting through Kingston. We couldn’t believe we could experience this in February!“I’m hitting the beach first thing,” Patty said as soon as we plopped our luggage on the bed.“You aren’t tired?” I asked as she opened her suitcase, pulled out a bag of recently purchased items, and headed to the bathroom suite.“Nope, I’m good to go.”She entered the bedroom a few minutes later, and my jaw dropped when I viewed her wearing the skimpiest bikini I had ever seen. The top consisted of two colorful triangles that barely covered her large areoles. Her eraser-sized nipples winked at me. I’m always super excited looking at Patty’s large breasts, but what set me aback the most was her suit bottom: a G-string with less material than the top! When she spun around to model it, I did a doubletake at her crotch area because some of the fabric was caught up in the folds of her swelling cunt.“Close shave?” I asked.“Nope, my first waxing. A necessity,” she added. “You complaining?” A wry smile touched her tips. “Let’s hit the sand, honey!”I’ll admit I was as nervous as a church mouse walking the beach with her, but Patty showed no inhibition as she strutted her considerable stuff in the warm breeze. Her huge mounds developed their own rhythm as they swayed left and right and up and down. I was rock hard, although I thought she would be arrested any minute.I noticed that most people coming toward us during our walk couldn’t help feasting their eyes on Patty. In this liberal environment, most staring was accompanied by knowing smiles at me.They know what we will be doing soon, I thought while adjusting my hard-on under my suit.When we returned to the hotel, I wanted a drink and asked if she’d like one.“Yeah, get a couple at the pool bar, and I’ll meet you in the room,” she told me. “I’m going to go another 500 steps or so.”I stopped at the pool lounge and ordered two Pina Coladas. The scene was crazy, with at least a hundred people swimming, laying out, and drinking bayside.“Hey, Jim!” I heard behind me. A guy named Kyle I know from the company was sitting at a small table with an attractive young woman.”Come meet my wife and have a drink.” Kyle introduced me to Tara, and I began drinking my PC as we talked. It turned out the trip served as a celebration of their recent marriage.Nice couple, I thought.Patty will like them.Then out of the blue, Kyle’s wife said, “Well, there’s someone I envy. Check out this number behind you in the tiny suit, boys.”I turned around and nearly choked on my drink as I saw Patty come in from the beach. She didn’t seem to notice me talking with the couple as she returned our towels to the pool’s collection container and headed to our suite.“Holy shit,” Kyle said, “can you believe that rack?” I could tell then they had been tipping a few as both lustily voiced their interest in this “sexy slut.”Now I had a hard-on raging and was ready to spend considerable time nailing my wife. But while she loves it whenIcall her my slut during sex, I wasn’t comfortable telling her what Kyle and Tara had thought about her.After a lengthy and scorching sex session, we cleaned up and went down for dinner. It was a great buffet, so we piled up our plates and found a small table in the rear of the dining room for intimate conversation. But before I knew it…“Hey, can we join you?” It was Kyle and Tara! Patty had her back to them as they approached, and when those two saw Patty up close, their jaws dropped. They were speechless, and so was I!“Uh, meet my wife, Patty,” I said. “Honey, this is Kyle from work and his wife, Tara.”The other couple must have been embarrassed that the woman they had shown such sexual interest in turned out to be my wife, but they covered it well. I felt I had dodged a bullet. There was no harm done; Patty would have no idea that Kyle and Tara’s earlier “liquid courage” had prompted horny thoughts of her. I was out of the woods—until the two hot women had to powder their noses.A few minutes later, I looked up to see Patty bolting from the ladies’ room in a huff. She stopped at our table to announce she was going back to our room and added that the three of us should continue finishing our drinks. Then she slammed back hers and left.“I’m sorry,” Tara said, “I had no idea you didn’t tell Patty what we said about her. When I realized you were a couple, I figured that you would have shared our rude but complimentary remarks.”“Damn! What did you tell her, Tara?” Kyle said.“Well, just that it was funny how we two couples ended up together after unknowingly declaring our sexual interest in her. I apologized and asked her to take it as a compliment. I was only saying what others were thinking about that hot body of hers and the way she works it!Don’t worry, Jimmy. Patty understood. She made it clear she wasn’t interested in anyone but you, but she was upset that you weren’t honest with her and that she had to learn it from me. I gotta admit, though,” Tara added, grinning, “the hug she gave me after our chat didn’t help matters on my end. Those tits!” After a chuckle, she said, “Seriously, I think you better go and fix this up.”I set off to do just that, but I was unprepared for the sight that awaited me in our room. Patty lay sprawled out on the bed, naked except for a pair of crotchless panties I’d never seen before.“Always be honest with me and tell me everything,” she said after my immediate apology. “I understand why you didn’t tell me, but you should know that while we are 100% exclusive, knowing I turn people on gets me very horny and makes my juices flow. I saw the hard-ons on the beach and knew I was creating them. It’s a feeling of great power that I yield—but I only ‘deliver’ to you.” she added.“Now go to work on my dripping cunt and fuck your little beach slut. Then I’ll throat that huge cock of yours while you slowly repeat every word Kyle and Tara told you. By the way, he doesn’t compare, but I couldn’t help but notice that Kyle has a nice package himself.”So the more I told her of what Kyle and Tara said before they knew Patty was my wife, the hotter things got. We fucked in every way possible. After the pounding ended, she wiped lots of my cum from her face and kept licking it after swallowing a mouthful. Then we discussed whether we should avoid Kyle and Tara for the rest of the trip or have some teasing fun with them.As I went down to eat her delicious pussy again, I asked Patty which she wanted and told her that she would be in charge from here on out.“Tara knows now not to expect anything beyond eye candy from me,” Patty mused, “and I’m sure she’s let Kyle know, too—if she’s learned anything from your mistake!” Then, as she climbed to the brink of another earth-shattering orgasm, she moaned, “Let’s plan to see them again. If they were excited before, that suit will send them over the edge when it’s wet.”The idea made me so hard! I’ll tell the rest of the story in part two, cumming soon!Stay loyal, horny, and honest!