(L) – This story contains strong language.*Snip* *snip*I diligently trimmed his beard, studying his face and making sure it was all even. We were in the bathroom, and he had asked me to trim his beard for him today.He likes when I trim and shave for him. He finds it relaxing. I straddled his leg as he sat, petting his beard while I carefully shaved his cheeks and plucked his eyebrows.I stole a few kisses while I worked before saying, “All done, handsome! You look so good!”After studying his new look in the mirror, he thanked me and then asked for something else.“Can you shave my balls for me?”Admittedly, this would not be the first time I’ve done this for him. He tends to rush when he shaves and ends up with severe razor rash. One time, I took it upon myself to show him how to avoid that outcome, but ever since he has requested that I shave the area for him instead.“Yeah, sure honey,” I agreed while rinsing the razor.I always joke that, as long as he asks me to do that, I know for certain he couldn’t be cheating on me, because he’s asking me to use sharp objects around his manhood. In reality, I have absolutely no doubts about that anyway, but I always imagined that a man who was unfaithful would never make such a request in case his wife has a reason to “accidentally” cut him.I’m not sure if that’s something that actually goes through a man’s mind. I might be thinking too morbidly. But I do think that it must take a lot of trust in your partner to ask them to do this. I always take it as a sign that he trusts me very much.I started trimming his bush, grabbing pieces and cutting portions off with scissors while sitting on the ground. He maneuvered his balls and penis around to make sure I had good angles to work with as I trimmed.While delicately shaving the area, I began talking to him about whatever was on my mind at the moment: how my day went, what our daughter has been up to, etc. At one point, I noticed he wasn’t really paying attention. His head was turned to the side and he looked almost embarrassed as I shaved him. It was only then that I noticed he was starting to get hard.“Honey, are you listening?” I asked.“Uhm, no, I was just focusing. Sorry!” He explained.“Focusing, huh?” I said, noticing his increasing hardness. “Seems like it!”I continued to shave the area as if everything was normal, delicately maneuvering him and shaving the hair. His penis slowly went from semi-erect to nearly ready to go by the time I was done shaving him.“Was there… something else you wanted, darling?” I asked while gingerly holding his newly shaven penis and testicles.The flustered look on his face was all I needed to proceed, and so I teased him, saying, “Well come on then, let’s head to the bedroom so I can test it out! I have to make sure it’s all properly smooth after all!”A look of pure excitement and happiness came over his face as he followed me like a happy golden retriever to our bedroom. I couldn’t help but let out a giggle.“You could have just said you wanted this, you know!” I told him as I removed my shorts and shirt, revealing my thong and bra I was wearing. He lay on the bed, wearing nothing but a big smile as he watched.“Well, I didn’t know it would make me so excited honestly, and I didn’t want to assume you were in the mood.” I cut him off by kissing him while over top of him, straddling him. His hands drift down towards my ass, grabbing it while we kissed.I slowly ground my hips onto him, teasing his penis through my panties. My pussy grew wetter, and so did my panties, until I moved the thong to the side.“May I?” I asked.“Yes!” he replied excitedly.I guided his shaft into my pussy, and it glided in easily due to my own wetness. I let out a satisfied moan. I barely reached the full length of it before he began bucking his hips upwards from underneath me. Replying to his advances, I ground my hips in time with him.“Oh yesss… I think… it’s very smooth!” I remarked in between quick breaths as we made love. My eyes rolled backwards. He grabbed my waist and pulled it down onto him.He was indeed very smooth! And there was no longer any hair at all in between us, as I had recently shaved as well. No prickly hair or cushion anymore, just seamless, smooth riding. My wetness increased at the thought of it.“It is, huh? Well how about in a different position?” he suggested, flipping me over to my back.“How about this?” he asked, while throwing my legs over his shoulders. I could see his entire cock fucking me from this angle, and I could even see my wetness on the skin around it.“Ahhh, yess, so smooth!” I conceded, while moaning loader. I could see my wetness glistening and sticking to his penis as it quickly pumped in and out of me. I nearly came, but he slowed down.“How about we finish this on your hands and knees?” he asked, knowing it’s the best position to make me cum.“Please!” I begged, assuming the doggy position for him.He responded by slipping inside of me once again. I felt that familiar and ecstatic filling sensation that seems to stretch a deeper part of me. He pumped in and out of me, ramming towards and past my G spot, stretching the back part of my vagina. We were completely skin on skin tonight, and something about it made me feel closer than ever with my husband.Pleasure drowned my mind as I came on him. It was so good, there are hardly words to describe it. Chemicals flooded my brain and I was high on the feeling—floating, breaking free from my worries. My legs felt weak, and I struggled to catch my breath afterwards.“Fuck,” I moaned, overwhelmed by sheer pleasure.I don’t typically swear in day to day life, but there is no other word for it. I was overtaken. The wave of chemicals crashed over me and took me with it.Soon, I also felt his warm cum on me.Bliss.