It was our turn to travel for the holidays — and so we did.Planes, trains, and automobiles. Luggage. Packages. Rushing through airport terminals. Packed like sardines. Feeling the stress all around us. Staying with our children’s families. Playing with grandchildren. Up early. Staying up late. Time zone changes. Unfamiliar beds. Food. Noise — lot of noise.All good of course. But it can disrupt one’s system.Finally we returned home. Freed the dog from the boarding kennel. Unpacked. Put things away. Sat down exhausted and rested in the silence.The next morning we laid in bed. The sun was peeking through the curtains. It was a vacation day. No place to go.I felt those normal pangs of desire. As expected, there had been no opportunities to fulfill those pangs on the trip.I turned onto my side. My wife was on her side looking at me as well.”So,” I said, “Would you allow me to make love to you this morning?”She laughed. “I was wondering when you were going to ask.”My wife rolled onto to her stomach and looked at me again. “But please take your time. I am up for anything, but I need more than a quickie this morning.”How could I say no to that?I rolled my wife onto her back, placed a pillow under her head. I pulled back the covers. I helped her sit up so we could remove her shirt and panties together. I gently helped lay her back down on the pillow. I marveled in her naked beauty.“This one is on me,” I said. “May I touch you in all ways?”My wife signaled her assent by kissing me. I kissed her back as I laid besides her.We kept kissing each other slowly while looking at each other. My thumb began to slowly do circles on her stomach as my fingers brushed the top of her mound of private hair.I started to kiss her neck and softly nibble her earlobes. My right hand made its way to her left breast holding it gently“May I kiss your breasts?” I whispered.She gently pushed my head to her chest.I took her first breast and kissed it. I blew softly on the nipple and watched it start to harden. My tongue circled her areola and then I sucked her nipple.A loud moan from my wife was the signal that she was enjoying it. A similar sound occurred after I cared for her other breast the same way.After spending several moments kissing her breasts, hands, arms, and stomach, I made my way up to my wife again. Her eyes were closed and she sighed softly. I kissed her and she opened her eyes.“Doing ok?” I whispered. She nodded yes.“You ok if I move farther down?”My wife placed her hand on the side of my face and smiled. “You can’t leave me in this condition.”I slid down and positioned myself on my stomach, between her legs, pushing them to either side. The entrance to her sacred chamber started to glisten with her wetness.Slowly I went — first touching and kissing her inner thighs. My fingers worked through her private hair as my thumbs softly rubbed the outer edges of her entrance.I moved one finger up and down her entrance. My wife’s body started to slightly quiver and she placed her hands on my shoulders. I took my time softly rubbing that area, never penetrating, but working around the edges.Finally I inched closer to her entrance and began to use my tongue to pleasure her. I moved up and down, side to side, enjoying her taste.My wife’s sighs turned to moans. She held my hands and raised her hips to give me better access.Such a reaction only motivated me to more. My tongue continue its mission, increasing in speed, until my wife reached the height of intimacy, her wetness wetting my tongue.I kept going until my wife’s breathing returned to normal. I kissed her entrance  and tasted her entrance one final time. Then I moved back up to my wife where we cuddled.“You ok?” I asked.She nodded.“How could I not be after that?” she said with a smile. “Slow lovemaking is the best kind.”