(A) – This story contains anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.This is Part 3 of a 4-part series:The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 1(Introduction and Days 1-4)The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 2(Days 5-8)The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 3(Days 9-11)The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 4 (Day 12 and Finale) – Coming soon!On the Ninth Day of ChristmasRepeat days one through eight, and then…Even for someone like Carol the Cummer, these last few days have been a lot for her! So on the ninth day of Christmas, I told Carol she can have one of her patented, super fast orgasms.She has a rabbit dildo, which is a long dildo that fits in her pussy, and it has a little rabbit head with ears that vibrate on her clit. The shaft also thrusts and rotates at the same time.I hand the toy to Carol and she starts the vibrating rabbit. She puts it on her swollen clit and lets the vibrations do their magic. Carol closes her eyes and enjoys the sensations as her hips start to move in a fucking motion.After a couple of minutes, Carol inserts the dildo into her now-wet cunt, holds the still vibrating rabbit to her engorged clit, and turns on the shaft’s thrusting and rotating action. Her eyes squeeze shut, and her mouth hangs open as the toy comes alive inside of her. She holds the toy with both hands, which pushes her beautiful, big tits together, with their nipples now as hard as rocks. She looks like an absolute sexual animal as she rolls onto her side, thrusting and rocking her hips in time to the thrusting, spinning, mechanical demon in her wet cunt.“Ugh, ugh ,ugh, ugh,” from Carol signals that she is close. Her muscles tighten up and she suddenly explodes in orgasm and screams, “Ahhhhh!” as her orgasm hits. She quickly pulls the toy from her spasming pussy as the sensations are too much, and drops back onto the bed.Carol is such a turn on for me when she masturbates, so I have had my cock out and have been pumping it since she started. I crawl onto the bed and between her splayed legs and got ready to dump a load into her warm, wet cunt, when she put a hand on my chest and stopped me.“Not a chance after that. Go take care of it yourself. I’m having a nap.” And with that she rolled over and dropped off to sleep.I decided that was a great idea, so I sat in a chair across from the bed and fired up the tablet that we like to use to take pictures and videos of Carol’s masturbation sessions. I lubed up my cock and stroked one out while I alternated between watching past video sessions and my beautiful, sexy wife sleeping on the bed, her legs spread and her still-wet cunt on display.It didn’t take long and I was blowing a load all over my chest.On the Tenth Day of ChristmasRepeat days one through nine, and then…While Carol got off on her rabbit vibrator, during our repeat of day nine’s activities, I lay on the bed beside her. I lube up and stroke my cock as she works her way through to her orgasm. When she is done, I let her cool off for a few minutes, and then snuggle up to her and kiss her as I rub her large, firm tits. Then I bend down and take one at a time into my mouth and lick her rock-hard nipples and flick them with my tongue.As I am doing this, I let my hand wander down over her stomach to her juicy, wet pussy, and slowly slide my fingers up and down her slit. I grab some lube from the nightstand to make sure her pussy is ready for her next orgasm. I then slide my knee between her legs and raise it up to her slick cunt. Carol immediately starts to work her hips back and forth on my leg. I tense my thigh so my quad muscle stands out and gives her something to work her clit on.She puts her hand on my ass, pulls me in, and starts to hump my leg. She drives her cunt down onto me, and then drags it slowly back before driving down onto my leg again.I keep jacking my cock as Carol works her pussy up and down my thigh. She knows I love watching her ride my leg, and my cock was rock hard again. Her breath quickened and soft moans escaped her mouth between kisses. I went back to her rock-hard nipples and sucked them into my mouth. Her eyes drift closed, and her hips tighten around my thigh as her thrusts pick up speed.“Ugh, ugh, ugh,” she moaned, each time her clit hit my thigh. Her fingers dug into my ass as she gripped tighter and tighter. I continue to lick and suck her nipples and pump my cock as she rocks her way to orgasm.“Yeah, yeah, fuck yeah, fuck yeah, fuck yeah,” Carol grunted in time with her frantic thrusts.“Ahhhhhh!” she moans as she hits her peak, She squeezes my leg extra hard as her thrusting slows, but she keeps her hips moving as she slows down with the fading spasms of her orgasm.Carol finally releases her grip on my leg and rolls back onto the bed as her legs spread open. She is breathing heavily, and her eyes close as she enjoys the afterglow of a fantastic orgasm.I continue pumping my cock and looking at her slick pussy, red and swollen. I roll onto her so I could fuck her, but Carol puts her hand on my chest and pushes me away.“Sorry honey, I’m too sore right now.”She sees how bad I want to fuck her after the show she put on, so she reaches down and slides her fingers into her leaking cunt, lubes them up, then rolls over towards me.“I’ll help you,” she says. She slides her hand down, over my balls, and slides a finger into my ass.“Oh yeah,” I groan as I pick up the speed of my hand up and down my steel-hard cock.Carol leans over and licks my nipple as she started fucking my ass with her finger. I could quickly feel the tingle in my balls intensify. My breathing gets heavy as I rock my hips on her finger, my orgasm getting closer. Knowing this, Carol slides her hand back to her pussy for more lube and slid a second finger into my quivering asshole.“Ahhhhh,” I moan as her fingers start teasing my prostate. As my orgasm hits, as I roll my head back and pump a load of cum all over my stomach. It seems to go on forever with Carol fucking my ass, until finally, the spurting stops.As I relax into a blissful state of post-orgasm calm, Carol slides her fingers out of my ass and kisses me.“That was a good one,” she said.“Oh yeah, next level,” I sighed.I just can’t get enough of my beautiful, sexy, horny, orgasm queen of a wife.On the Eleventh Day of ChristmasRepeat days one through ten, and then…Carol didn’t finger fuck my ass this time, but she did ride my thigh to an intense orgasm.As she comes down from her peak, I caress her legs, tits, shoulders and pussy. I lick her nipples as I move my hands over her smooth skin.She rolls over and sighs, and I continue to caress her sexy, tight ass. I tell her to relax, and I set up our tablet so I can film her next orgasm. I know I will want to jerk off to this one!I turn off the room lights and turn on my photo lights instead, which highlight her body as she lay resting on the bed. I start the camera on the tablet, and then bring out our bag of sex toys—we have alotof them. I choose an eight-inch dildo that I love to watch Carol fucking her pussy with. It’s a flesh-colored dildo with pronounced veins running the length of the shaft, and a large head which gives Carol a feeling of fullness when she rides it.I ask Carol to get on her knees with her ass facing the camera lens, then I adjust the lights to highlight her pussy and ass, but nothing else. The soft light really makes a sexy background for the action.Carol adds some lube to the dildo, although she is already wet with anticipation. She starts by sliding the cock up and down her slit, the pronounced veins adding to the stimulation of her outer lips and swollen clit. I zoom in on her pussy as she works the dildo up and down her slit. As she gets into what she’s doing, helped by the sexy comments I give her, she slides the now-slick cock into her waiting pussy.“Ohhhhhhhh,” she moans as the cock slides fully into her, and she begins moving it slowly in and out of her cunt.The view from the camera isamazing. Her pussy lips are being pulled in and out with each thrust of the large cock as she slowly increases the speed of her hand. She takes her time to enjoy the steady build up of heat in her loins.I zoom the camera back out till I can see her ass, as her hips start to move with the tempo of the fucking she is giving herself. Carol moans softly, and her breath quickens as she strokes the cock into her pussy with more purpose.“Aaaaaahhhhhh yeah,” she moans as she continues a steady fucking of her now-dripping cunt. Her head is buried in her pillow as she moves her other hand to her slick clit and starts rubbing it slowly with two fingers, gliding over her swollen nub as she fucks herself with the big cock.Carol grunts as her orgasm started to take over. “Ugh, ugh, ugh, fuck yeah, ugh, ugh, yeah, yeah, fuck yeah, fuck yeah!” She has trouble staying on her knees as her hips start to move frantically. The cheeks of her ass clench together on each deepening thrust of the big cock into her grasping pussy. She drives the long, thick cock deep into her pussy and holds it there as she tenses up. Her firm ass cheeks squeeze together as her tight pussy clenches on the huge shaft.“Aaaaahhhhh!” she moans again as the last shudders of orgasm rip through her, and she begins to slowly relax. Carol slowly slips the cock out of her dripping pussy, and then slides it up and down between her lips and over her clit as little aftershock orgasms faded away.When the sensations finally stop, Carol stretches out on the bed face down, and gives a big sigh of relief, with the dildo still nestled against her swollen cunt.I cover her up with a blanket and leave her to sleep.Fuck, I love watching her cum!I can’t wait for the finale tomorrow.From MH: Stay tuned on Christmas Eve for Part 4 of this series!