(L) – This story contains strong language.Sexy Dream Cum True – Day 2This morning, in our first hotel room of our trip, my wife Melody said her pussy was too sore for sex.  We HAD had intense sex yesterday morning at home,andin the evening at the hotel… so I expected she’d be sore.  After all, she had been absolutely wired yesterday, and she likes to be fucked hard!  And I HAD fucked her hard!  She also complained that her boobs and nipples were sore.  That was also no surprise because I’d really worked her tits twice yesterday during sex, and we had done a lot of titty pinching and other breast play on our drive the previous day, including pulling over behind a building for some oral nipple pleasure.Back to this morning in the hotel, I was in the bed next to her bed.  (The hotel beds were kinda small, so we’d uncharacteristically slept in separate beds.)  She was sitting facing me doing a breathing treatment.  But she arched her back and stroked her boobs over her pajama top.  I pulled down my PJs bottoms and pulled up my PJ top and started putting on my own show by pumping my dick.  Melody stared at my big and hard cock, and soon she lifted her PJ top and began playing with her bare nipples.  She obviously was enjoying my show, and I was stroking my rod and enjoying HER show.“I wanna suck ‘em!” I said while jacking off and staring at her gently fondling her boobies.“They are too sore,” she replied.But soon she completely removed her top and really got into her show!I asked if she wanted us to fuck each other.  Then she again insisted we couldn’t fuck because her pussy and boobs were too sore.  But she came over to my bed and laid down while offering me some more titty.  As I jacked off I rejoiced in another opportunity to enjoy my wife’s full breasts.Melody was clearly enjoying it all.  But she finally said, “My turn!”  She wanted to lick and suck my man-nips.“How did I miss out on how good that feels for 30-plus years?” I asked.  “YOU taught me about the joy of my own nipples on our honeymoon 30 years ago! Or rather we discovered that together.”“Mmmmm!” she answered.  She was too busy orally loving on my left nipple, and pinching my other one.  She then began stroking then squeezing my ball sac.  I was in husband heaven once again.But I remembered my dream from a couple of nights ago.  In my dream the coed—my roommate-turned-wife Lena—at one point was stripped and laying nude on the bed and I was kneeling over her.  In the dream we were both masturbating but not touching each other.  I came all over Lena’s smooth tummy!  The semen stood out on her olive skin.So I thought that might be fun to do with my real lover and wife.  So, I kneeled on the bed next to her gorgeous body and suggested that she stroke her pussy.  She did and I started masturbating with the idea of cumming on her tummy.  She was willing to do this.But her sexy tits were calling my name, so I started to do “tip on nip” where I rub my glans on her nearest nipple, and I reached over to play with the other nipple.Then the glint in her eyes and swelling breasts told me that my Melody had hit that spot in her arousal where I knew she wanted more.“Do you want me to fuck your pussy? Do you want to fuck each other?” I asked hopefully.“Yes!” she said huskily.So I slid a lump of coconut oil up into her pussy.I handed her a vibrator, rubbed some coconut oil on her tits, and resumed tip on nip.  I was intending to start sexual intercourse in a moment, but Melody was too turned on.  Literally in seconds she gasped out, in her husky sex voice, “I’m COMING!”I could have simultaneously cum on her beautiful breasts, but I wanted more pussy!  So down I slid into a right angle on my side. Melody and I intertwined legs and I fucked her hard for the third time in two days!No words can describe how amazing it feels to me to make passionate love to my wife… or to enthusiastically fuck my wife when she’s desperately horny!  This is especially true because she passionately fucks me back!Her pussy was still throbbing from her orgasm.“I love fucking your caressing pussy!” I spontaneously cried out.“I love you fucking my caressing pussy!” she replied as she really increased her Kegel squeeze on my cock.  I pounded her even harder!  My orgasm was spectacular and it felt so sexy to fill her pussy with my thick love cream again!It was an erotic pounding fuck, but it was also passionate lovemaking!