This story contains strong language (L).Hi, everyone! Before I begin this follow-up, I just want to say thank you for all the support you all have given on our first few stories. We hope to be posting more and continue to love what everyone else is sharing. Stay horny!Soour last storygot a lot of love, and it also received some questions asking for a follow-up. (If you haven’t read that one, I would encourage you to do so.)Over Christmas, our daughter and her husband came to stay with us for a week, and it was lovely. We absolutely love them and love watching them grow as a couple. One day while they were visiting, my husband, our son-in-law, and our younger children all went out to do some Christmas shopping. This left me and my daughter at home. After all the boys left, I slept in a little longer than usual.My “pajamas” were only a red Christmas shirt with no sweatpants and no panties. My hand wandered down to my vagina as I was trying to wake up. I was wet and started to rub my mound with my fingers. Eventually, I was too worked up, and so grabbed my “husband’s helper,” my little purple wand vibrator. Sliding my vibrator back and forth, I started to pleasure myself, imagining my husband on top of me, fucking me hard.I pushed the covers off of me and began to squirm because I was getting close to orgasm. My eyes closed, and I focused on the great feeling until suddenly, I heard a loud voice.“OH, MY GOD! MOM!”My daughter had walked into my bedroom and seen her mother fucking herself with a sex toy. I was so embarrassed that I quickly covered myself while my daughter stepped out and leaned against the wall by my door.“Mom, I am so sorry! My earbuds were in, and wasn’t paying attention!”“CLEARLY!” I responded while laughing. “What were you doing anyway?”“I was just coming in to grab a pair of socks from your closet, but I didn’t intend on seeing all that!”“Neither did I!”“I am sorry… I’ll leave you alone now.”“No, don’t bother. You already killed the mood,” I said, a chuckle still in my voice.My daughter laughed and said she was going to go make some breakfast. I went to go shower and clean myself up. By the time I finished showering, I was still a little embarrassed by what happened, and yet I couldn’t help but laugh at it. I was also reminded of what happened when we went to visit them a few months ago.I walked downstairs and had on another Christmas shirt and some rather tight booty shorts.“So are you forever scarred by seeing your mother masturbate?”She laughed. “I don’t know. I’m not sure it’s much worse than hearing you guys have sex.”We grabbed some breakfast and just talked while watching the morning news. After a while, I decided to ask my daughter about how things were going with Jack.“How are things going with you two? Have things improved since our last conversation?”She looked at me and said things had improved. They had grown closer and had much better sex. Just hearing her talk about how things had changed for the better made me happy for them and brought a tear to my eye. After a while, I decided to try to crack a joke but also be a little nosey.“Well, I got the sense things got better after our last visit,” I said, with a wink.“You heard us that night?”“Yes, ma’am, we heard you. Not to get too graphic, but let’s just say that caused your father and I to be a little inspired.”“Oh my goodness.”“Why don’t you tell me about it?”“You want me to talk about it?”“Only if you want to.”“I don’t mind. That might actually be kinda fun.”“I agree,” I said“Well, I took your advice and decided I was going to be more assertive—tell him I wanted him. After we went back to our room, he got in bed, and I went to the bathroom to change. I put on that pink teddy and stood right in front of him. His smile was so wide. I crawled on top of him and gave him a blowjob. I was a little nervous at first, but as I heard his moans and tried to focus on his penis, I began to actually enjoy it.”“That’s great to hear! What happened next?”“Well, he didn’t want to cum yet, so he rolled me over, pulled my teddy off, and started to lick my pussy. I love when he does that! He just digs his face between my thighs and my, umm, my forest”—we both laughed—”and brings me to awesome orgasms. So anyway, after he was finished licking me, I rolled over and told him to do whatever he wanted. He had me get on top of him, and I rode him until he finished inside me. It was special, some of the best sex we’ve had in months.”I was so turned on hearing that story.“That’s so sweet, and I’m delighted I could help you.”“I’m so grateful that you allow me to be so open and ask you questions about this.”“Of course! And if you ever need more help or advice, I’m always here.”She looked at me and said, “Can I ask you some right now?”“Go ahead; ask away.”“So, what are the simple things you do to turn Dad on or let him know you’re in the mood?”“Oh, well there are so many. Sometimes when we are in bed, I’ll rub my legs up and down his body, or I’ll reach over and touch his penis. But if we are out and about, or say, in at home, I’ll do different things to tell him.”“Like what?”“If we are home alone, I’ll wear nothing but panties and bend over in front of him to give him a view of his favorite ass. Or I’ll lean up against his crotch and rub around. There are so many things you can do.”“Okay. And since it’s relevant, what was going on this morning?”“I was horny. That’s all. Do you have a vibrator?”“No, I haven’t really thought about using one.”“You should try it out. You will most definitely want to add one to your bedroom.”I stood up and asked my daughter, “Do you want one?”She looked at me and said she was okay and didn’t want to steal one of mine. But when I told her I had plenty and was willing to share, she agreed. We went upstairs, and I showed her my vibrators. She ended up taking a black wand.Later that afternoon, we both decided to take a nap. She went to her room and shut the door, and I lay down to watch some TV and relax. Still horny, I knew I wanted to masturbate. But first, I went downstairs to grab a drink and, walking back upstairs, heard my daughter masturbating. She was doing her own little self-discovery this afternoon. Quickly going to my room, I shut the door all the way this time. I stripped naked and started to bring myself to two powerful orgasms and then fell asleep.While I was asleep, my husband and the others got home. My husband came into the room and saw my naked ass rolled over. He joined me in bed, and it woke me up.“What happened in here?” he asked.“I got a little excited.”“Did you two have another discussion?”“Yes we did, and it’s had me excited all day.”“Well, is my sexy lady too tired right now?” he said while rubbing his hands through my hair.“Why don’t you find out?”He quickly undressed, and we started to make out, but he stopped for a second.“What’s wrong?” I asked.“Nothing.” He kissed me. “You want to try something new?”“What did you have in mind?” I was intrigued.He grabbed his phone and opened the voice memos app.“Let’s record the audio so we can enjoy this moment forever.”I thought he was so sweet and continued to kiss him. We continued to make sweet love until he finished inside me.We had such a wonderful and sexy day.