Like most women, I guess, my wife is not a fan of the lady doctor. She goes regularly for her checkups, but it’s always preceded by mumbling and dread. I also mumble and dread it, but only because we can’t have sex the night before her appointment. Today she had asked me to take the day off to go shopping as a reward for her diligence in enduring the exam. I agreed on the condition that my cock and I got the final say in her purchase.She winked and said, “My pussy wouldn’t have it any other way.” I called my boss immediately.Checkup time rolled around on a Friday afternoon. After signing in, she sat next to me fidgeting, while I alternated between patting her knee and holding her hand. She was called back, and after fifteen minutes or so, I was mildly surprised to hear my name. Looking up I saw the doctor standing in the doorway.“Can you come with me please?”That made me nervous. He quickly explained that she had requested he show me how to do a proper home breast exam.“It’s a common request, actually.” He explained, “Monthly exams are recommended, but a lot of women aren’t comfortable doing that, or just won’t.”That settled my nerves, and honestly, any excuse to touch my wife’s breasts will do. We stepped through the door and although I knew what an exam room looked like, my cock wasn’t prepared for the sight of my wife on the exam table. She was completely naked, save for the thin paper gown.The lecherous little fiend lurched in my jeans and released enough slippery arousal to make me check for a wet spot. The doc moved to her right side, so I went to her left. He began explaining what he was about to do, and since I was there to learn, he uncovered both tits. More slippery arousal. The doc went on to explain how to use the pads of three fingers, moving in a circular pattern, and applying light, medium, and firm pressure to cover the whole breast.As he demonstrated, I copied his movements until we both reached a nipple. Pinching firmly, he explained the necessity for this was to check for discharge. Knowing full well the effect my pinching her nipple would have, I looked at my wife. She stared back wide eyed, and I smirked, then gave her a wink and did as the good doctor had instructed. The result was predictable.The dutiful doctor needed to check her left one for himself, so I moved to her right one, you know, for practice. We arrived at her nipples at the same time and after another subtle wink, I pinched again. She inhaled sharply, squeezed her thighs together, and I knew things were a little wetter down there.The doc was oblivious and continued to discuss breast health as he readied instruments for the next part of the exam. He then prepared the stirrups and asked my wife to scoot her bottom to the edge of the table and place her legs. He may not have sensed her reluctance, but I did, and I knew why. My wife may have been embarrassed, but when she finally spread her glorious legs and placed them on the padded rests, her pussy defied her inhibitions by spreading it’s damp petals like a beautiful pink rose.The doc was mumbling something about an “external pelvic exam”, but I couldn’t tear my mind from a fantasy of being the doctor and giving her my own special inspection. He rather professionally droned on though, completed the task, and told her he was about to begin the internal exam. As he scooted forward on his stool and prepared the speculum, I placed my hand on her leg. I lightly rubbed as he inserted the stainless steel instrument, then opened her up. Peering over his shoulder, I gazed with lustful wonder into the beauty of my wife’s depths.Seeing this much of her vaginal wonderland fueled my dripping cock. I had to untuck my shirt to cover the dampness on my jeans. My imagination went wild while he worked and I wondered where I could search “speculum” and click “Buy Now.” The doc had just finished the exam and put his gloves in the bin.Just then, a nurse poked her head in the door and said, “I’m sorry doctor, but we need you now.” He quickly told my wife we were done and she was free to go. I had other plans.As the door closed, I saw the look in my wife’s eyes. My pants were at my knees, and my cock sheathed firmly inside her pussy. She covered her mouth with both hands while, I stroked and rubbed circles on her clit. Pictures of her splayed open and the erotic view of her insides coursed through my mind. Our orgasms rose together quickly. I gritted my teeth in silent release, and she did her best to moan quietly into her hands.We were both breathing heavily, but as naughty as this taboo pleasure was, I knew we didn’t have much time to bask. I helped her to her feet, and stole a kiss before we, (giggling hysterically), hurriedly tried to avoid discovery. We quickly dressed, stopped briefly at the front desk, and headed to the truck. My wife surprised me by walking to the driver’s side.“Do you trust me?”, she asked. “Of course baby.”I had no idea what she was up to, but trust is trust, so I buckled in the passenger seat. I thought she would drive to one of her favorite outlet malls. She pulled into a rather benign looking Mom & Pop medical supply store. Needless to say, I was surprised. Wordlessly, she slipped out and headed inside. Clueless, I followed her to the counter.“Mom” said, “How may I help you dear?”My cock grinned widely at her response. “We’d like to order a medical chair…with stirrups.”