(A) – This story contains anal play, including anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.There are times when—and I know most women can relate to this—when you just need to be fully taken by your husband. There’s a need to intensely give yourself to him, be fully surrendered, and be fucked raw. I think about this quite a lot, and how different this is than the feeling of making love, or the comfort sex can provide in hard times, or even the playfulness it can sometimes take on—and how different that is than this raw, unadulterated feeling of just needing to be completely ravaged.I’m not sure if husbands fully understand how sacred this is to their wives—how fulfilling it can be, and how much we really need this for our own growth and healing. I think it has to do with women just feeling the need to be “on” so much, and desiring to feel free, to be out of control, and not able to control. This is such a gift to us wives. When my husband shows up for me like this during these moments, the intensity of his love sets my soul free. I’m consumed with love and desire, and it’s overwhelming in the best way. It feels like freedom. It feels like flying. And it’s messy, erotic, animalistic and raw.When his desire takes over, I’m re-acquainted with my own divine femininity, which is to freely receive. He cracks my heart wide open and creates a holy space for my pure feminine expression—not to contain it, but to create with it. And receiving him however he wants to take me (with prior consent) gives him space to be as creative as he desires. In reflecting on our most recent session—when he was taking me anally on our balcony facing out to our backyard—I felt self-conscious being outside and fucking. It brought up some feelings around being seen, and not enough or too much. It had been a long week and I need a good, raw fuck.He could feel my self-consciousness, and the way he read that emotion and took over by grabbing my hair to bring me back into the present moment, without me having to ask, was so intensely emotional. I let myself go as I cried and released that self-consciousness and all the pent up emotions of needing to be in control or acceptable to others. It sounds bizarre, but him making me take his dick, outside, unable to move, with my head pulled back to the sky—it was like he was setting my soul free. We were naked and unashamed.Then there are times when his voice and the things he says to me make me feel completely surrendered. This happens when I hear him call me “good girl,” or when he says to me, “That’s it baby, take this dick,” or when he barks orders like, “Spread your legs wider!” or “Push your ass back now,” or “Get on your knees and open your mouth.” Him making me take it, take all of him, where I can’t hide, I can’t control anything—I can only feel … is sweet freedom.We’re exploring bondage now and I’m finding that to be a beautiful way for me to let go into the experience. Sometimes I just need to be tied down to our bed and fucked intensely because I need a good cry, and other times I want to him to just throw me into the positions and take me.And the delight of being slowly penetrated in my ass, and then fucked rough while being spanked, is a freedom that feels more like deep submission. Mhmm, it makes me shudder just writing this. The verbal cues and commands are not just “dirty talk,” but encouragement, and it makes me feel so free—free to respond however my body wants—free to unleash the wild, untamed whore of a woman that lives inside of me—that deeply sexual side of me that wants to be nourished and set free without judgement.Other times the need to be fucked senseless is in response to his deep need. I recall one time when my husband came home from a tough meeting, and he just stood in the hallway, tearful, on the edge of defeat. I walked to him and immediately felt the desire to just surrender completely. I kissed him passionately and allowed him to rip my clothes off and push me down to my knees, where I let him lovingly shove his dick into my mouth and fuck my throat slowly, deep and full. I got so worked up seeing his desire for my comfort that we ended up fucking intensely on stairs with his dick deep in my ass, and him choking me from behind. So good. So rough. So raw.Sometimes just the sound of his grunt releases my orgasm. Knowing only we get to be with each other this way feeds the freedom and sacredness that it creates. I say all this to say that many men think many women don’t like intense sex, but the truth is we do. And maybe that’s not your wife, and that’s okay. But for those women who do, it’s the most sacred medicine in a world constantly trying to suppress your feminine expression and holy desires. Men, you just have to create the safe space for her by being present with her—not just in sex, but in life. This starts before sex—how do you create safe space for all the women in your life?Sacred Union is the only place in our physical lives, it seems, where it’s acceptable to be completely out of control, complex—wanting pain and pleasure. It’s a place to return to our wildness, and I deeply treasure that experience and tangible gift from our Heavenly Father. I feel that it is so useful for spiritual growth and evolution to experience the freedom of sacred surrender.And I will caveat all of this by saying my husband and I had to work at this kind of raw freedom. It requires you as a man to be able to hold our feminine expression—to not shut us down when our emotions are too much for you, but to hold them as God intends you to do. It requires you to work on yourself and your own healing (e.g. inner child wounds, mother wounds, boyhood insecurities, physical health, nurturing your own emotions, resolving relational bad habits, etc.), so that you can rise as the divine masculines of this earth, capable of the strength and the softness to fuck a woman into submission—that’s the real flex. Being a provider is not just about material provision. Most women don’t need your money and anything tangible you can provide—most likely they can provide for themselves. There’s more to it than material provision.My husband is one such man, and I applaud him. The way he has taken care of his soul and healed so he can so be available to me is why I can feel free to be taken by him. I’m happy to let him absolutely destroy me with his dick. Period. I would never let any man touch me for less. He did the work to be worthy of me. And any single women here, heed my advice. The sex is only as good as we are in caring for and loving ourselves enough to heal and ascend into deeper levels of consciousness and wholeness.And yes, I was a virgin when we met, and my love allowed me the safety to bloom and explore at my one pace. But it’s not just about a man’s patience in bed. It’s also about his patience in life, so the feminine can be all that God made her to be. Men, she will only blossom when watered. And you can only water her if your cup is filled and you’ve tended to your cracks. You can only be there for her in the deepest way when you can show up in full surrender to the sacredness of your own soul.