SetupYou will need:At least one can/bottle of squirty whipped cream, or another edible substance you like.  You can have more than one substance if you like.A 6-sided die.You might also want to put down some towels or a tarp or similar.You can wear whatever clothing you want, but layers that gradually reveal more of the body as they are removed might be an advantage.With each roll the die, whoever rolls the highest goes first. (Roll again if there’s a tie.)GameThis section is written as though it’s the wife’s turn.  For the husband’s turn, simply reverse the sexes (i.e., 1 on clothes means he removes an item of her clothing of his choice, and so on.)  If you’re using something other than cream, then use that where it says cream.The wife rolls a die.  If she rolls a 1, 2 or 3, proceed to the ‘cream’ section.  If she rolls a 4, 5 or 6, proceed to the ‘clothing’ sectionCreamThe wife rolls again. If she rolls a:1: She applies cream to a part of her body of her choice2: She applies cream to a part of her body of his choice3: He applies cream to a part of her body of her choice4: He applies cream to a part of her body of his choice5: She applies cream to a part of his body of her choice6: He applies cream to a part of his body of her choiceCream may only be applied to an unclothed part of the body; this includes parts that are normally unclothed, or parts that have been exposed when clothes have been removed.The spouse applying the cream chooses the quantity used (but be careful not to use it up too quickly!) and the exact part of the body cream is applied to.Any applied cream must then be removed, usingonly the mouth!  The husband is responsible for removing cream from the wife’s body, and the wife is responsible for removing cream from the husband’s body.When all cream has been removed, the turn ends and the other spouse has their turn.ClothingThe wife rolls again. If she rolls a:1: She removes an item of his clothing of her choice2: She removes an item of his clothing of his choice3: He removes an item of his clothing of her choice4: He removes an item of his clothing of his choice5: She removes an item of her clothing of her choice6: He removes an item of her clothing of her choiceWhen an item of clothing is removed, the part of the body so exposed must have had some cream put on it before another item can be removed.  This does not mean that a newly exposed parthasto have cream put on it at the next opportunity.  If you don’t wish to use your mouth on your spouse’s feet, you may start barefoot (or just keep your socks on!).When the item of clothing has been removed, the turn ends and the other spouse has their turn.EndingThe game continues at least until both spouses are completely naked and cream has been licked from every part of the body at least once.  However, the game may continue until both of you are fully ‘satisfied’!Have fun playing and please leave a comment to let us know how you got on!