This story goes back a few years to when I was 27 years old. I’ve been a motorcyclist for over 50 years and started riding off-road/dirt bikes even before I had my driver’s license; a friend let me ride his bike at every opportunity. I got a part-tme job and saved my money until I could buy my first new bike when I was 17, a senior in high school. I’ve owned at least one motorcycle ever since. While in the military, I looked at a new Harley but couldn’t afford one, so I kept riding Japanese bikes. But in college, an investment I’d made skyrocketed in value quickly, so I cashed some of it in and bought a brand new Harley Super Glide. My wife and I married in 1977, and I bought my Harley in 1979, so we were still pretty young and restless… I was anyway.Anytime I went for a ride, she wanted to ride with me. I used to enjoy feeling her behind me, holding on tight. I could feel her breasts against my back, and it was a pleasant feeling. Living in Southern California, we’d ride to the beach. The ocean was only about seven miles from our apartment. We also enjoyed riding to the mountains, as well as just east of them into the desert. We were always fascinated by the variety of beauty in nature that God created.On this memorable day, we’d gone up into the mountains. It was a weekday, so traffic was light. There was a spot where we’d stop and take a short walk to a rock outcropping on an overlook that offered great view of the desert. The area was secluded, behind scrub oak and bushes that covered the hilltop.Today my wife must have had special plans. She told me to lie back while she was sitting up, smiling down at me. I followed her instructions, wondering what was about to happen. She reached down, unzipped my pants, and pulled out my cock. Then she got on her knees and started giving me oral pleasure, licking, kissing, and then sucking my quickly hardening cock. The pleasure I felt was indescribable, but I have no difficulty remembering it all.She kept sucking on my me and bobbing her head while I lay there, moaning in pleasure and trying not to come. I didn’t want the sensations to ever stop. But as they say, all good things must come to an end—and I did! I came so hard I thought I was going to pass out. She swallowed it all with a smile! I’ve learned, and my wife admits, that she is a very oral person.I’m thankful that she came into my life. We’ve been married for 46 years, she’s my lover and best friend, and I thank God every day for her. I still fondly remember that trip to the mountains. Surprisingly, I still own and ride that Harley.