This chapter continuesthe story of Eden Oasis. I recommend starting there, but that’s not required. I mean, I’m not your boss. Probably not, anyway. Or am I?! For all you know, I might actually be your employer or workplace supervisor. That would be weird, huh?Speaking of weird, here’s the continuing love story of two misfits… or of a young woman and her dildo. You decide.THE NAKED TRUTHEevee Grüngarten was having a good day. Worship that morning was especially uplifting, the pastor’s message touched her soul, and she was walking home from church with a new friend.She had found him standing beside the refreshment table after the service, glancing around nervously and clutching a cup of coffee. He wore jeans, a short-sleeved dress shirt, and an expression of mild terror.Eevee approached him and held out a hand. “Welcome,” she said. “Are you new?”“Eevee,” he replied.She blinked and withdrew her hand. “How do you know my name?”The young man instantly forgot his social anxiety. “Your parents named you after a Pokémon?”Eevee giggled. “What? No, of course not. It’s a nickname.”“I was looking at your bracelet,” said the young man, pointing at the Pokémon charm dangling from her wrist. He smiled apologetically. “I remembered its name and just kind of blurted it out. I didn’t know it wasyourname, too. Sorry to make it weird.”“Weird is fine,” she assured him. “I don’t mind weird.”With that, they were friends.The young man’s name was Adán Flores. He was Mexican, and had just moved to Oasis City to work at his cousin’s restaurant. He was more intoThe Lord of the RingsandThe Legend of ZeldathanPokémon, but Eevee could live with that.They strolled down the sidewalk, past rows of palm trees and clusters of pink bougainvillea. The sky was a deep, clear blue. Shops and apartment buildings shimmered in a heat haze, their windows diamond-bright in the noonday sun.Eevee sneaked glances at her new friend. He wasliterallytall, dark, and handsome. When he smiled, his teeth gleamed against his black hair and brown skin. He smiled a lot now that he felt at ease.Nothing could possibly ruin this perfect Sunday.“Well, here’s my stop,” said Adán.It was Eevee’s own building.“This is where I live!” she blurted. Then, as the situation sank in, she turned red with embarrassment—so red behind her freckles that she looked like a strawberry. “You’re on the top floor?” she asked in a teeny, tiny voice.“Yeah, I just moved in yesterday.” Then, as he remembered the night before, it was Adán’s turn to blush. “Oh.Oh.I see.”She was his unseen neighbor, whose gasps and moans had driven him to pleasure himself until he came all over the kitchen floor. He had trespassed on her self-love, and he had enjoyed it.Awkward.“I’m so sorry!” said Eevee. “I thought your apartment was empty! I wasn’t having sex or anything, I was just, um….” She lowered her voice. “I was touching myself. Oh gosh, I’m so sorry. I feel like such a freak.”Pulling herself together, she smiled bravely. “Well, Adán, now that you’ve heard me in the throes of carnal passion, I guess it’s goodbye forever now. I’m sorry to ruin your weekend. Have a good life!”She meant to run away and hide her shame until the heat death of the universe, but before she could escape, Adán put an awkward hand on her arm.“Wait, Eevee. It’s okay. Really. It’s okay! It’s okay to be sexy. God made you sexy—sexual, I mean—but youaresexy, too! Sexyandsexual.Dios mío, I’m bad at this. English isn’t my first language. Eevee, you are sexualandyou are sexy, and that’s okay. It’s normal to touch yourself. You’re not a freak. I know that. If you were a freak, I’d be one, too.”Realizing what he had just confessed, Adán blushed even darker.Eevee held out a hand. “We can both be freaks. Friends?”“Friends,” he said, and took her hand.Later that evening, Eevee found an envelope slid beneath her apartment door. Inside was a note.Hey Eevee,Adán here! Starting tonight, I work six nights a week. I’ve enclosed a copy of my work schedule to let you know when I’ll be gone. This way you can make all the noise you want, and you won’t have to feel awkward about it!Thank you for welcoming me to your church this morning. It’s hard to be somewhere new, far from home, surrounded by strangers, an outsider, a misfit. I’m so glad you reached out to me, and I’m thankful to have you as a neighbor.God bless you, Eevee. Have fun!AdánEevee held the note to her breast and let out a shuddering sigh of relief. Then, after pinning the schedule to her bulletin board, she stripped naked and glared down at her pussy. “This is all your fault,” she said, giving it an accusatory poke. It was already wet. “Tonight, you’re getting the pounding of your life. Cower before the purple terror! Now where’d I leave the damn thing?”TWO IS A PARTY, THREE ISA CROWDIn the following weeks, Adán and Eevee exchanged smiles in the hallway, texts over the phone, and sneaky glances when each thought the other wasn’t looking.Eevee was a lovely person, Adán decided. In a city of uncaring strangers, she made him feel at home. Any time he began to feel self-conscious or insecure, she said something silly or geeky that put him back at ease.She was pretty, too, from her short brown hair to the freckles running riot over her petite frame. He couldn’t help but notice her curves, either. Her perky little breasts weredistractinglycute. Adán’s gaze sometimes lingered on her graceful hips, too. There was something puckish about Eevee; she was like an elf or a mischievous fairy, cheerful and full of energy.When Eevee finally gathered the courage to ask him over for tea andMario Kart, Adán felt a kaleidoscopic mess of emotions: happiness, excitement, nervousness, insecurity, physical attraction, mild nausea, and an irritating prickle of sexual desire. He couldn’t forget Eevee’s yells and moans on that first night.His family wasn’t helping. “Be sure to take a thank-you gift,” urged his mother in Spanish over the phone. “Wear your niceguayabera, the blue one. And brush your teeth!”His cousin, who owned the restaurant, was worse. “If you want to impress theseñorita, don’t talk about video games. Or dragons. OrDragon Ball Z. Maybe don’t talk at all. How are you at kissing?”Adán balled up a napkin and threw it at him.“That bad, eh?” quipped his cousin.It was finally Adán’s night off. He brushed his teeth, put on his blueguayabera, gathered Eevee’s thank-you gift, and tried not to think about kissing.Eevee met him at the door. “I love your shirt!” she said, plucking at his sleeve. “What did you say it’s called? A guava berry?”“Close enough,” he said. “Here, for you.”“Fancy cookies!” she exclaimed. “These’ll go great with the tea!”They ate and drank and talked about dragons. So far, so good. Moving to the sofa, they turned on Eevee’s Nintendo and fired up the latestMario Kartgame.It was then that Adán felt something poking his lower back. He shifted on the sofa. That was better.Halfway through the second race, though, it prodded him again. Pausing the game, he apologized, stood up, and rooted around in the sofa cushions until he found the offending object.It was a purple dildo, warm from his own body heat, and faintly sticky.Adán glanced at Eevee. She wore an expression of horror, blushing so strongly he could almost feel the heat radiating from her skin.“Here,” he said, offering the purple terror. “This is for you.” She took it in a daze. He added, “I’m, um, going to wash my hands. May I use your bathroom?”With the bathroom door shut and locked, Adán took a deep breath and tried not to burst out laughing. What a moment!His amusement wasn’t the only thing straining to burst out. Against his jeans, an erection throbbed fiercely. It would not be restrained! It would be free! Its chains would shatter—its prison would crumble—why, his jeans might even leak precum and bulge noticeably for the rest of the evening.Adán couldn’t go back out there aroused. Things were already awkward enough. He wanted Eevee to feel comfortable, and that wouldn’t happen if he spent the visit trying to beat down a penis hellbent on escaping his pants.Besides, his hormones were raging. He wasn’t sure he trusted himself around a sexy young lady in the privacy of her own home. Adán loved God and respected Eevee enough not to risk dishonoring either one. It was his moral and religious duty to rub one out in her bathroom, he told himself, which was the weirdest thing he had said all week.His erection sprang forth! A slimy strand of precum clung to its tip. Adán wiped it away carefully. He would leave no trace. It would be a perfect crime. He began to stroke, watching himself in the bathroom mirror. Did Eevee watch herself masturbate?No, no, he told himself. It wasn’t right to picture Eevee naked, standing in front of the mirror, putting one foot up on the toilet for a better view, rubbing her clit as nectar oozed out of her vagina and down her leg.His penis gave a violent throb. He wasn’t there yet, though. Adán kept stroking.That purple dildo, though. It wasn’t huge or anything, but she was so tiny that putting it in must have taken quite the effort. Did she have other dildos? Did she start small and work her way up to bigger ones, like Adán and his butt plugs? With practice, it’s amazing how much a tight hole can fit.And the stickiness on his fingers. In the heat of the moment, Adán had forgotten to wash his hands after touching the dildo. Was it residue from artificial lube, or were his fingers actually coated in Eevee’s own…?That did it. White-hot pleasure pulsed through Adán’s groin, down his shaft, and out his tip in sticky jets. (Fortunately, he remembered in time to aim into the toilet.) He stroked until his orgasm subsided, peed, flushed, checked the bathroom for stray globs of semen, and then finally washed his hands. The crime scene was clean. Eevee wouldn’t suspect a thing.“Sorry to keep you waiting,” he said.She shook her head. “No, Adán, I’m so sorry. I should have tidied up better. I can’t imagine how uncomfortable you feel.”He flung himself onto the sofa beside her and grabbed his controller. “Are you kidding? That was hilarious!”Unable to keep a straight face any longer, Adán burst out laughing. Eevee, relieved beyond words, joined him. At last, wiping away tears, they returned toMario Kart. They had a race to win, after all.THE PURPLE TERROR STANDS ALONELater that night, after bidding her neighbor goodnight and tidying up the kitchen, Eevee retreated to the bathroom for a long, relaxing bath. She needed to unwind.Baths were basically one of Eevee’s core values, along with faith, kindness, responsibility, and always choosing the fire-type starter inPokémongames. Few things were better than a tub of hot water, steaming gently, fragrant with a fizzing bath bomb. Add a glass of wine, some music, and….“Not this time,” she told the purple terror. It sat on the counter, forlorn yet standing tall with quiet dignity. “You shouldn’t have bothered poor Adán. Wait. Wait! You faithless lover, were you trying toflirtwith him?”The purple terror said nothing, its guilt implicit in its silence.“You’re not getting any tonight, mister,” she said. “Besides, Adán is….”She almost said, “Adán is mine,” but caught herself, surprised by her own honesty. She was attracted to him. He was geeky and sweet. He loved God. He loved his family; after all, with the pay from his new job in Oasis City, Adán was helping his younger brother through college. Also noteworthy: Adán had a fine ass.There was an odd smell in the bathroom, faint yet lingering. Eevee couldn’t place it. There was something bleachy about it, yet it wasn’t chemical.Wait. In her curiosity, Eevee had read a sex book or twelve. One of them claimed that semen tasted sort of how bleach smells. Was that smell of semen? Earlier, when Adán disappeared into the bathroom for a suspiciously long time, did he… touch himself? Had he pleasured himself right there, that very evening? Had he shot a load of messy, slimy cum over this very room?Maybe it was the bathwater, but the bathroom felt pretty hot.Eevee lowered herself slowly into the bath. The water, colored emerald-green by the bath bomb, flowed gently over her stomach and between her breasts until she was fully submerged. She couldn’t sit still for long, though; before she knew it, she was rubbing her clit.She got up to sit on the side of the tub, spreading her legs and teasing herself with the spray nozzle. The water ran over her vulva, between her labia, and down her perinium before cascading into the tub. Eevee squirmed, holding in her moans, hoping the bathroom fan and tinkling water covered the sounds of her pleasure.An orgasm swept through her like electricity. Her pussy clenched and contracted. One long moan escaped her, and then she slipped back into the bath to relax and sip her wine. The night was still young.Ten o’clock found her humping a rolled-up towel on the bathroom floor. Back and forth she went, her swollen clit rubbing the soft cotton, slowly at first, and then quickening the pace. Roughly, hungrily, she ground her pussy against the towel. Faster, faster she moved, pressing harder and harder, losing herself in violent motion.Steam had coated the bathroom in condensation. Eevee dripped with sweat. Nectar seeped from her vagina and soaked the towel between her legs. Everything was wet.“So much for drying off,” she grunted.A fresh orgasm tore through her body. She pressed a clean towel to her face to stifle her groans. Despite the steamy heat, she shuddered, clenching the sodden towel between her thighs. She felt her nectar trickling and wondered whether Adán, alone in his own apartment, was touching himself, too.The purple terror stood proudly and kept its lonely vigil. It could wait. Its own day would come… unless its owner found something better to fill her pussy and sate her passion. What were the odds of that?AUTHOR’S NOTEBaths are awesome. If you have a bathtub and time in your schedule to use it, I recommend having a long bath.Run the water good and hot; if it’s hotter than you can take at first, you can always bask in the steam until the water cools to a bearable temperature. Light some scented candles. Throw in a bath bomb, some bath salts, or a few drops of essential oil. Put on soft music, a podcast, or relaxing sounds. Grab a glass of wine, a couple of beers, or some fruit juice. Keep a pitcher of water handy, too—be sure to stay hydrated! A salty snack will keep your sodium levels balanced, and something with electrolytes won’t hurt.If you have toys, baths are a great place to use them. (Just make absolutely sure they’re waterproof!) If you’re married and the bath is large enough, share it with your special someone! Even if there’s not enough room, they might just be happy to share a drink and watch you bathe… especially if you feel like giving them a little show.Unrelatedly, I recommend Waluigi when choosing aMario Kartcharacter. We misfits have got to stick together!