This post includes strong language (L) and anal sex (A).I was already getting wet. As I prepared for the night of fun with my husband, I got so excited I could barely stop myself from slipping my fingers into my black lacy panties to feel how slick I was.“No, wait and save it,” I kept telling myself. I knew the buildup would make for a hotter night anyway.The room was ready with perfect lighting, music, and our favorite toys and lube laid out. Now it was time to get myself ready. I applied my body oil, donned the hottest nightie I have, and then adorned myself with a little something I thought my husband would love.“Get ready for a super hot night,” I texted him. Simple, but it got the job done.“Well, now I’m excited!” he texted back.It wasn’t long after that when he arrived home, and I heard the front door open and close. Footsteps approached, and I slowly opened our bedroom door to an excited and giddy husband. Yes, my 35-year-old, six-foot-two, bearded husband acts like an eager schoolboy whenever we do anything remotely sexual. I never mind, though. I think it’s cute.As I led him to the bed, I crawled onto it and turned around to face him. We kissed softly, and then I said, “I have a surprise for you, but you have to find it first. Hint: it’s hidden on me.”He was absolutely ready to start the treasure hunt! He kissed me deeply as his hands began to roam my body.The first place he searched was my tits. He grabbed and squeezed them and checked under my breasts. Nothing there. He moved on to my stomach and then down to my sweet and very slick clit. When he only found wetness there, he pushed me down on the bed and bent my knees up to search further. There he found it—the surprise. A beautiful, blue-jeweled butt plug nestled right in my ass.“Fuck,” he said as he quickly touched it. He pushed on it, and I moaned.“Mmmmm, that feels good,” I said. “I want you to eat me while it’s in my pucker.”He didn’t need to be told twice. He got on his knees and swirled his tongue around my clit. I ran my hand through his hair, and he began to lap up my juices. We were both hot as fuck at this point. He got my pink dildo and inserted it deep in my cunt so I could experience being filled in both holes while he ate me out. When he turned the dildo to vibrate and put his tongue firmly on my clit, I lost it. Before I was down from my orgasm, he flipped me over and buried his rock-hard cock inside my pussy. He fucked me hard while he kept looking down at the plug with lust-filled eyes.“You aren’t going to let this butt plug be the only thing that fucks my ass tonight, are you?” I asked him.“Fuck, no. As long as you want it, baby. I am dying to shove my dick in that puckered hole.”I gave him the go-ahead, and he immediately reached for the lube I set out, covering his cock and my asshole with it. He slowly pulled out the plug and lined his dick up to my hot and now lubed-covered ass. But before entering, he rubbed the plug in the lube and pushed it back in my ass. Then out, then back in again! And again, a third time. All the while, his throbbing cock was right there at my rosebud, ready to go in.When I was adequately slick, inside and out, he turned me back over and moved my legs up to rest vertically against his torso before gently pushing the head of his cock into my ass. “Uhhh,” I moaned as brief discomfort morphed into fullness and then, just sheer pleasure. It was perfect.He asked if I was okay, and instead of just saying yes, I begged him to go all the way. He easily obliged as he buried his full length into my horny ass. In this position, he was able to really fuck me. I kept telling him to thrust harder, and soon he was fucking my ass like it was a pussy. Soon, he reached for my toy and stuck it in my pussy so he could feel me stretched and stuffed to the max.I took my little bullet vibrator and held it to my clit while he kept fucking my pucker like he couldn’t get enough. We were both so close to losing it. He said it wouldn’t be long.“I’m close, so please hold on and cum with me,” I told him.Finally, a huge orgasm completely overtook me. I screamed as I came, and my ass tightened so much around his cock that my husband exploded his cum into me.“Fuck,” we both said after calming down some.“That was so damn hot. I can’t believe I was able to fuck your ass that fast and hard. Are you okay?” my always concerned hubby asked.“I am on cloud nine right now,” I told him, still a bit breathless.As he began wiping us both up, he looked at me and said, “What is my life?” I laughed and rolled my eyes, as this is what he says every time we have sex!I sat up and said, “I don’t know, but I think we are both pretty blessed by God.”