As a guy who loves morning sex any day of the week, I need to thank the author of “Saturday Morning” for the 4-hour marathon of super hot sex I had with my loving wife (Patty) this past weekend. I am blessed to have a beautiful, sex-craving wife who knows her body is so hot that I constantly want it.Even when I’m not home, Patty wears little or nothing around the house because she loves catching sight of her bountiful tits swaying as she walks past our hallway mirror or the bathroom vanity. She tells me (sometimes during what she’s termed a “creamy call”) that seeing and feeling herself while dressed only in her silky coverup keeps her nipples hard as the fabric slides over her delicious tits.As you might imagine, she dominates my cock. I achieve several hardons throughout the day just picturing her strutting around the house or lying in one of her favorite masturbation positions, jilling herself—learned that term here on MH, thanks!—and licking her cum from her fingers or her favorite dildo. Hmmm.So back to my story: Patty crawled back in the sack Saturday morning while I was shifting around to get an extra 20 minutes or so of shuteye. At least, I thought I felt her get up a little while earlier, but I wasn’t sure.I dozed back off, enjoying an erotic dream complete with sound effects. All I remember of it now is the steady beat and rhythm of a slow dance. Eventually, though, I surfaced. I opened one eye to see my wife lying face down with both arms tucked under her hips, her awesome ass moving up and down like when she’s riding my manhood.Patty turned her head and caught me eyeing her. “Sorry, darling, I am so horny for you but didn’t want to wake you,” she said breathlessly.“No, please continue, my little cum slut,” I responded as my schlong began making a tent under the sheets.Patty always has an eye out for that. She turned on her side and moved close to me. Then she draped one leg over my chest, her tits brushing against my meat in the process. The other leg bent at the knee, positioning her shaved cunt only inches from my face. I had an awesome view of her fingers working at a fantastic speed on her cunt and, especially, her clit. Both were swollen and dripping wet.“Enough teasing, my adorable slut. Now show me what you will do with your favorite body part of mine, the object of all of your daytime ‘Creampuffs,'” (as we call Patty’s orgasms.)“Oh, God, you have no idea how much I’ve been creaming myself this morning just thinking about your big, thick man meat. I imagined how great it feels while you’re pounding me or fucking my face. I love it when you grab the back of my head and push your tool down my throat until I’m gagging,” she said before swirling her tongue around my enlarged cock. Then she pulled it down to my belly to lick the underside of the glans.“Oh, yes, keep working that spot,” I said as her expert mouth and tongue continued to tantalize my frenulum. Since she was hovering over me, I decided to explore her pussy after noticing a string of juice trailing from her hole. I managed to get two fingers into her dripping wet cunt, and I had never felt so much of her cream before in my life.“Please, give me a quick taste, and rub more juice over my nipples,” she said before returning to her cocksucking.When I had a scoopful of her juice, I reached down to bring it to her lips, and she lapped up her cum like a starving woman. I wiped up another sample of her warm cream and applied it in circles on her rock-hard nipples and silver-dollar-size areolas. She reacted like I had detonated a bomb in her pussy.“OH, FUCK!!!” she cried as she abandoned my stiff shaft and turned around to attack my mouth with her cunt. “Just open wide and keep your tongue in one position,” she commanded while grinding her sloppy wet pussy on my face. She had one hand behind my head, and the other alternated from one nipple to the other, pinching and twisting them so hard I thought she should be in tremendous pain.She did scream loud, but not from tit-twisting. “AAAAHHHH, FFFUUUCCCCKKK! This is the biggest and most powerful orgasm EVER!” she declared while continuing her grind on my face. It lasted longer than I thought possible, even for a good orgasm cycle.When she stopped and crawled off my face, she collapsed next to me, her eyes rolling to the back of her head. I was worried my mouth and chin might have a nasty rash from her riding me so hard and so long, but I couldn’t get up to check. (It turns out I was fine).I was amazed when she recovered just minutes later and said, “Your turn, big boy. I owe you a big one after that mind-boggling orgasm. My cunt is still tingling! How do you want me?”To be honest, I was still a bit sleepy, but I also had a cock that could hit a baseball and couldn’t wait for my turn at bat.“Get in the 69 position above me again. I want to watch your slutty pussy while you suck every drop of my built-up cum load from your favorite ‘sex toy!'”She quickly responded, tucking her feet under my arms and lying flat against me while she busily licked and slurped at my head and shaft. Propped on her elbows with her pillowy breasts spilling off the sides of my abdomen, she reached around my legs to tickle my balls with her fingertips as she worked.Her mouth and hands drove me wild. I tried to hump deeper into her mouth, but her weight immobilized me. So instead, I lifted her breasts from the sides until I had pulled them far enough apart to reach her nipples. I tweaked them hard, our silent signal for her to deepthroat me, expecting that she would remain in place and take me fully into her mouth.Instead, Patty immediately flipped around and settled face-down between my legs. She worked my cock slowly down her throat until it disappeared. Then she made her classic move: showing off by licking the front of my heavy balls with the tip of her tongue.(Makes me wonder if there are any other lucky guys in MH Land like myself who have such a talented partner :))I just couldn’t wait. “Here it cums, honey,” I moaned.“AHHHHH!” All I could do was shout while she held me deep as long as she could. A record load of semen filled her mouth and spilled through her lips onto my abs and balls as my cock continued spewing ropes of gooey juice.“Oh, wow,” she said, licking every drop and wiping the rest into her tits. “Do you realize it’s almost noon already,” she declared while scurrying to the bathroom with one hand containing her cream. “It’s a good thing I sucked you dry because I can hardly stop my own cum leaking. Imagine if yours was in there, too!” she added.We took a shower together, and while lathering each other, I got behind her and washed her unbelievable mounds with both hands as my revived cock slid up and down her soapy ass crack.“Harder on my tits and twist my nipples until I say it’s too much—if I do,” she advised. Soon, she was moaning aloud. “Hold me tight,” she said, flailing wildly as another earth-shattering orgasm washed over her. “Oh, my God, that was sooo powerful. Unreal,” she moaned softly.I held her steady until she settled, then returned her to the bed and lay beside her. “I’m not complaining, but what got into you this morning?” I asked.“Tell you what: read MarriageHeat later, and you might just stumble across the answer to your question,” she said with a sexy smile!