Let me paint you a detailed picture of how this unfolded.Has your Mr. Ridley ever met you at the door after work? Full of spontaneous surprise kind of passion explodes as you open the front door? The kind that takes over before you even have time to say hello or goodbye as he leaves for the night shift without saying a word?Our front door is at street level. As you open the door, you’re greeted with a grand entry, stunning floorboards, and afternoon sun rays that lead up the stairs. I was driving home in the warm sun thinking of Mr. Ridley. I couldn’t wait for him another day to get back. The day was long and so was the time between feeling his ecstasy between my legs over and over again. Just imagining being touched by my Mr. Ridley made me feel my clit growing in my panties.I pulled in the drive, keyed the door PIN code, entered the sunlit room, hung up my bag, and closed the door. As I turned around, I was greeted by Mr. Ridley. Without speaking a word, chemistry took over our bodies as we tried to eat each other through our passionate kisses. We danced so passionately across the room and onto the daybed in the entry. The sounds of wet kissing echoed in the room as we fell on the day bed. I could not contain my excitement as my torso rolled up his muscly body, and I sat straddled across him.When our crotches met I began to rub myself up on his hard cock and back down on his bulge protruding through his pants. Mr. Ridley was rocking against me as we moaned between kissesHe sat up on his elbows and said “Can I take this down?”I bit my lip and nodded. He grabbed the wide neckline of my white top and pushed it off my tanned shoulders, releasing my perfect perky D-sized tit. I removed his jacket and we inched up the daybed kissing and rubbing up each other. The echoes of wet kissing, panting, and moaning echoed throughout the room. I fumbled around taking off my stiletto heels, undoing the strap and dropped one on the floor. Reaching around for the second one, I dropped it through his legs and onto the floor. My hand brushed over his bulge, and “he moaned”. His hand lifted the back of my little wrap skirt exposing my ass, as he kissed me deep. I leapt down in between his legs, unbuttoned his pants, and took them off. I climbed back on top of his black Calvin Klein trunks, rubbing and rubbing up him as the kissing intensified.Mr. Ridley sat up as we continued to feast on each other. He was thrusting against the snaps of my body suit, grabbing a fist full of my skirt gathered around my waist to expose my ass cheeks peeping out of my Brazilian cut g-string rubbing and circling my entrance with his rocking cock through his pants. The pressure between us was super intense, it was hot, being pinned by my Mr. Perfectly Imperfect Mr. Ridley and his perfectly huge throbbing bulge in his pants.Mr. Ridley asked “Would you like to take this upstairs?”He barely got the words out as he pressed harder, the kind of hard that hurts you both and puts you across the edge of either wanting to keep going and dry fucking or getting down to business. I was so wet I could feel my clit rubbing against him and my body suit snaps rubbing against my clit. It was amazing. Our entry was filled with fantastic lighting and acoustics of the friction and our burning sensation to get our way and caught up in the moment.He grabbed the back of my skirt by the belt loops pulling and thrusting against me filling me with the strongest desire to be fucked. He grabbed my ass cheeks and whispered “Stroke my cock” as the tip was sticking out hard as a rock from under his Calvin trunks. We continued to kiss as I began stroking his huge cock with my hand on the outside of his undies.He begged me saying “Stroke my cock, it’s calling your name.”As we were getting lost in the moment, he was busy getting desperate to get me down to my Gee. Whispering “Oh my god”, he vigorously rubbed my hand up and down him. He was working faster to get my skirt undone. Losing patience with it, he scrunched it up around my waist and searched up my gathered skirt to find my G-string. He began to fondle me as we kissed through the lace of my G. He continued his search for my sweet spot that was calling his name.I pressed my snatch forward to encourage him to go deeper and find my entrance to finger me as we kissed and BAM!!! he found the entrance on my G. I was sopping wet with desire, he slipped his fingers slowly inside of my silky wet vage he drove inside finger after finger twisting them in and out of me.Mr. Ridley whispered, “I have to have you right here right now!”He grabbed the side of my skirt and ripped it in frustration exposing my tanned ass and sexy sheer white panties.We didn’t need to fuck to get each other nearing the edge of a passion-filled orgasm. The emotional connection we have locked in each other’s gaze was intense. Mr. Ridley embraced me around my waist and inched us up the bed as we fell back on the day bed. We were panting sweet desires between kisses, Mr. Ridley sat up as I continued to pleasure his massive bulge.I grabbed his hand and said “OMG, feel this.”I moved his hand to the saturated snaps between my legs and said “Hurry up and get in here.”He rolled me over onto my back, spread my legs, pulled my g-body suit to the side, and drove his tongue deep in my sweet spot as he fucked me with his tongue. This made my tanned body twitch. He gazed deep into my blue eyes as he entered my silky sweet saturated vag with his magic fingers.The entry was a glass room that was warm and opened into the street. I was excited and so was Mr. Ridley.Mr. Ridley hovered over me and said “Let’s take this upstairs.”As he began to stand I said “No! Let’s put on a show here for the neighbors.”I pulled Mr. Ridley back down on me. We both giggled and continued getting all up in each other’s business. Mr. Ridley feasted on my tits through the sheer lace fabric and found the snaps between my legs (pop, pop, pop). He removed my sheer lace body suit, ripping it over my head. This freed my blonde hair to fall down my back before throwing me on the bed. He continued embracing me and we rubbed up on each other like we were fucking.This was so HOT. I could feel the tip of his cock touching the outside of my snatch with every pump up and down as I grinded my body up his. This sent shivers of ecstasy through my body, wanting my snatch to encapsulate his cock deep inside of my walls. As I looked down, Mr. Ridley stood back up, spread my legs, and pulled me down the daybed. He gazed over my body and with his finger drew around my high-cut tan line he finished near my entrance.I set up on my elbows and watched him drop his pants to the ground. Our lips met again and filled the room with echos of kissing and moaning and more fondling. But not for long because his carpool buddies would be here soon to collect him. He started to pleasure himself before I took control and pulled his cock closer to my entrance.Mr. Ridley whispered “I’m not done with you yet, baby.”He dropped to his knees and started feasting on me again. I rolled my body up each time he entered me with his tongue sending me into a fury. I wanted to pin him against the head of the day bed and fuck him into next week.Mr. Ridley withdrew his tongue. I stood up and embraced him around the waist. He slid his tongue in my mouth and his fingers deep in my snatch. Kissing me on my neck, he began circling my clit with his thumb, moaning between kisses. I turned him around, threw him back on the day bed, and got it my way. I resumed dry humping him, allowing just the tip of his dick to touch my entrance ever so delicately.“Fuck Me, Mr. Ridley.” I whispered, knowing this would send him over the edge. I rubbed my body up his allowing his throbbing cock to stop at my entrance. It rested on my entrance as we gazed into each other’s souls. It was warm and the friction had created my clit to pulsate and become enlarged, horny, and begging for him to enter deep in me.We exchanged a few soft sensual wet kisses before he slid his rod deep into me. “Ohhhhhhh” escaped our lips as we panted through the immense pleasure of him finally being encapsulated by my hot throbbing vagina. I resumed rubbing up against him slowly moving my body. He grabbed my hips and stopped me. But I knew what I wanted and I had to get it NOW.I forced against his urge to stop and began by placing the head of his cock at my entrance. I looked at Mr. Ridley and nodded as I bit my lip and slid slowly down his cock. He entered me and we slowly began to fuck. Mr. Ridley let out a soft “Fuuuck,” as his body stiffened “Wow” “ooooh” escaped his lips as he tried to hold me still. I felt his cock girth grow he was on the edge of an orgasm and fill me up.I stopped immediately saying “Sorry baby.”Mr. Ridley closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and kissed me hard as I froze straddling him. I reached for the top of the head of the day bed and placed my hands at either side of his head bringing my tits in line with his face. He took one last deep breath and licked my tits, as he grabbed my hips and in one swift motion lifted his body against mine and rammed his entire length deep in me. I was grinding up on him as he feasted on my tits as I gripped the headboard and dominated the fuck.Mr. Ridley was slipping in and out with every thrust. It was HOT and heavy and full of very wet and slippery fucking. He grabbed a handful of my hair that was bouncing against the small of my back and pulled it pulling my head back arching my back and him feasting on my neck and tits as I slipped up and down on him. Sex pants echoed through the walls of us deep in love kissing passionately and wet fucking sounds bounced off the walls.“Keep Fucking Me, Baaabe. Ohhh shit.”“I want to blow.” he whispered.That sent me into a passion realm as I contracted the walls of my vagina and grinded up on every inch of him.I screamed “Don’t Stop.”Just as the words left my lips, his phone received a text “beep beep”. Fuck.Mr. Ridley said “It’s ok. Joel will be here soon.”This sent us fucking deeper and faster. I could feel his cock girth widen in me and my body start to prepare for his load. The doorbell rang.“Ignore it!!!!” he said as he rammed his rod deep into me.The pace picked up we were panting and sweating “fu u ck” I was about to let go all over him. His phone rang, and that escalated things. I rubbed hard up him as he feasted on meMr. Ridley whispered “I’mmm … ” He didn’t need to finish that sentence because I was going to cum all over him.I screamed “Oh fuck yeah.”Mr. Ridley loudly panted “Fuuuccck” as the friction built up.I was about let go into one fucking mighty orgasm we shared. ‘Oh oh that’s it, oh yeah.”Pump after pump, Mr. Ridley was moaning “Babe….babe i’m…oh yeah cuuum” as he exploded spurt after spurt of his sweet juice into me.I said “Pump me hard, I’m going to cum again.”The bed was banging against the wall hard I begged him not to stop by screaming “Oh Mr. Ridley fuck me! Don’t Stop.”The door bell rang and then a knock at the door. Mr. Ridley looked over my shoulder and could see his mate standing there through the glass.“Hurry babe, Joel is Here!!!!!!”I spread my legs, flicked my hair back, and went down on his rod so, so deep, screaming “oh oh fuck, oh” as I released every last drop on him.As I stood up I could see Joel on the other side of the glass. I wrapped my arms around my tits and scurried upstairs to shower.Mr. Ridley unlatched the door and said “Sorry mate ,won’t be a minute.”I could hear Joel giggling as Mr. Ridley was coming up the stairs.He said “Sorry I’m early mate.”I was so embarrassed I’m sure he heard and saw everything.As we showered, we giggled, not knowing how much he heard or seen. Mr. Ridley kissed me and left for work. A few minutes later I got a text saying Joel joked in the car “What a way to start a shift. You’re a lucky guy.”Mr. Ridley followed that with “It was just the perfect way, babe. I expect this every shift. (He he he) You better be awake and ready when I get home. Call in sick tomorrow so we can fuck all day.”