This post contains strong language (L), anal sex (A), and involves the fantasy (F) of non-monogamy.My wife and I enjoy roleplaying with dildos; we pretend that I am letting other men have sex with her. I know this will strike many of you as problematic, maybe even sinful, but we don’t see it that way. For us, it’s a way to play out a fantasy that both of us realize would be harmful if allowed to come to pass in reality. By accepting and enjoying this turn-on together in a monogamous way, we never feel tempted to try it with an actual person. Besides that, we can shop for sizes and shapes that are unlikely to occur in nature.As Paula and I were shopping for a new toy for her, we came across a dildo that claimed to be 14 inches long and as thick as a Coke can. In the photo, it looked huge. If true, it would be bigger than me, and bigger than any of her other toys. So I decided to buy it. I asked what she would name this one, and she decided on “Mark.”A few weeks later, on a Friday afternoon, I got off work at around 2 p.m. As I walked out to my truck, my phone rang; it was Paula. I answered it, “Hello, kitty.”“Guess what, Daddy,” she said excitedly, calling me by the pet name she uses whenever she’s feeling sexy.“What, baby?”“Mark just got here, and he is huge!”I asked her to send me a photo of “him,” and I would swear this was the biggest dildo I have ever seen. It lived up to its promises. I told her that I was on my way home soon. “But I want you to get your clothes off and take Mark to our bedroom. Put your phone on speaker so I can listen and give instructions as I drive.“Yes, sir,” she responded. She let me know when she was on our bed.I told her to get right in the center of our bed and to spread her legs as far apart as they could go.“Yes, sir, my legs are spread.” I heard a tremor of anticipation in her voice.“You want ‘Mark’ to fuck you, baby?”Please, sir, can he fuck me? Please?”I told her to take the cock and slide it in her pussy.She gasped and said, “Omg, he is huge!”Let me tell you, my cock was rock hard as I listened to her. I said, “Okay, baby, tell him to fuck you.”“Fuck me, Mark,” my wife screamed and started cramming the cock into her. After waiting a bit for her to adjust to this new girth, I told her to use two hands and start slamming it into her pussy.“Oh, he’s fucking my pussy so good,” she cried out.By this point, I was home, and I told her so. “Do not stop. I’m coming upstairs.” As I opened the front door, I could hear Paula screaming, “Harder! Fuck me harder.”When I entered our upstairs bedroom, my sexy wife was on our bed with her legs spread wide, slam-fucking her pussy with a 14-inch cock. I asked her, “Is he fucking you good?”“Daddy, can I cum?” she begged. “He’s going to make me squirt!”I told her to cum, and she squirted all over our bed.By then,  I was naked with my cock in my hand, watching ‘Mark’ fuck my wife. Her smooth pussy was stretched wide apart, her tight pussy lips gripping that big cock as it pounded her.  I beat my meat harder and said, “Fuck her hard. Make that pussy sore.”Paula started squirting uncontrollably—I mean gushing! Sweat dripped off her as she pounded herself with the dildo.I couldn’t take any more. I crawled onto the bed, pulled the dildo out of her gaping pussy, and told her, “He had your twat; I am taking your ass.” Keeping Paula on her back, I pushed her bent knees up to her chest and oiled her pucker and my cock. Then I pushed my cock into Paula’s (very experienced) asshole.“Pound the shit out me,” Paula demanded. “Fuck my ass.”Holding my wife by her ankles as she held her knees, I started fucking my wife’s tight asshole.“Oh, God! Daddy! Oh fuck, I am going to cum!!” Paula yelled, and her pussy squirted all over me.As I pounded her, I took in Paula’s disheveled appearance: her hair was a mess, and she was dripping sweat, as was I. I told her, “I am going to cum. All. Over. You!!” I pulled my cock from her asshole, now also gaping, and shot my cum all over her pussy, her tits, her face. I mean, I covered my wife in cum.I tried to catch my breath. Paula could barely talk from all the orgasms she had had. I looked at her, covered in cum, sweating, her hair a mess, and her asshole gaping and pulsating. Her pussy looked swollen and dripping wet. What a hot sight to see my wife’s holes so well used. I loved it.We at MH feel certain that this tale will engender some discussion. So, we’ve createdthis“Is it Okay?”postspecifically to address that aspect of the story.