So, it was another every-3rd-day lovemaking session this morning… and we were about to have something different happen. And when it cums to long-term married sex, different is good!When I first woke up, I caught up on my MH stories. They were intense and kinda started my motor. But the sight of my wife nude on the bed and obviously ready ‘n willing REALLY jump started my motor.Melody, my wife, has ageless, soft, porcelain skin. Her large round and perfect breasts are the most powerful aphrodisiac I could ever experience!I laid down next to her and we started kissing. It was SO pleasant that my man-parts started to really show signs of arousal.“Melody you are more beautiful than you know,” I said. Of course she is also kind, intelligent, caring, & faithful. Not to mention as sexy as all get out!She replied to my honest compliment with a deep passionate kiss that revved my motor up even more.I had been palming one of her breasts as we kissed and now I slid down & she cupped and offered one boob then the other. I sucked and licked ravenously.She was sighing as I was mumbling “Mmmmm!” against her boobies.“That feels nice,” she said in her sexy, starting-to-get-husky sex voice. Then she demanded, “My turn!” She wanted to lick and suck on MY nipples.“Mmmm… not yet,” I said, as I continued to feast on my favorite treat.By the way, even before the kissing started, I slid a large glob of coconut oil deep into Melody’s willing pussy. Of course I played with her pussy with my oil-coated fingers. Finger fucking has to be gentle now – but it’s still loads of fun!During this lovemaking process periodically I handed her a different vibrator – starting with “a clit flicker. Then after a while, I gave her her wand, then her bunny-shaped one, then her looped iVibe. But before I gave her the iVibe, I slid her purple G Spot vibe all the way up into her coconut oily, but also quite wet, pussy. That’s always fun to do and we had not used her G spot vibe in a while.She closed her legs to keep the G spot vibe up in her pussy and she gave me a gentle push and insisted, “It’s MY turn!”I gave in and rolled onto my back. She rolled over onto her side and began to manually and orally titilate my man-tits/nipples. It felt wonderful! I began to pump my rod as she cupped and gently stroked my sac.“Let me see,” she requested. I stopped pumping my cock and let her have an unobstructed look.“Oooo! That will feel good inside my pussy!” she said. Then she reminded me of our rule, “If you can you should!”I certainly could have gone inside her pussy right then (assuming I had removed the G spot vibe first), but I had other plans. I DID crawl between her smooth sexy legs and removed the G spot vibe from inside her pussy. Along with the G spot vibrator, the other vibes, and my attentions to her titties and her attentions to my titties – clearly Melody was ready to fuck.But first I lowered my face to her pussy. I knew that today if I gave her oral she’d only want her clitoris licked and orally loved on. So that is exactly what I did.Melody’s hard little clit was delicious to lick! I really enjoyed doing so. Whenever I include licking her clit or full oral tonguing all of her pussy it has a lingering effect on her. She doesn’t cum from receiving oral, but receiving oral always eventually guarantees at least one or two climaxes for her. I could see from the dreamy look on her face that my tongue had worked its magic.After I kneeled up, I clearly could have commenced fucking her pussy, but I delayed again.“Aww!” she said. She’d wanted my cock to start working over her internal pussy. But instead I crawled up to kneel beside her boobs. I began to masturbate my dick with one hand as I rubbed my tip on her titty. My other hand was pinching her far nipple.“Aren’t you gonna put stuff (lube) on my nipple?” she asked.“Nope,” I answered as I kept pumping my erection and rubbing my glans on her closest tit. “I have so much pre-cum that we don’t need anything else.”It was true. My pre-cum had coated and was continuing to coat her aroused nearest nipple. Her nip was hard and glistened. It looked like a freshly rinsed ripe raspberry!She was soon in nirvana. She was arching her back some as if she was trying to push her tit harder against my dick. The look on her face was very promising.Next I leaned forward just a tad and rested my balls & sac on her glistening titty. “I love having my dick right in your face!” I said.Melody was staring at my big and hard cock. She calls him Fred. I thought she was about to make a positive comment because she was clearly enjoying the closeup view. But her first orgasm hit her hard!“I’m coming! she gasped out. I kept pumping so my balls kept rubbing her nipples. It was a different kind of stimulation for both of us and like I said before, “Different is good!”I could have cum with her – all over her breasts – we’ve done that before – but I knew that this time we both wanted to fuck. She loves having “my present,” in her pussy. She refers to my cum in her pussy as her present that is just for her.I moved quickly into our go to sex position. We laid at right angles. I was on my side with my cock lined up with her pussy opening. She was on her back & our legs are entwined. I told my sexy Melody, “I love how great it feels to enter your pulsating pussy right after you’ve cum! In a sense your pussy is still cumming!”But annoyingly as I slid down I got tangled up in my oxygen tubing. This softened my erection some. Since I wanted to fuck her pussy with a good & hard dick I slid back up beside her. I knew that sucking her tits would reignite my fire. It seemed to instantly work. My penis fully re-inflated quickly.But Melody and her pulsating pussy had never really calmed down. She had kept buzzing her clit the whole time. When I started sucking her near nipple she didn’t last 20 seconds! Her second orgasm was just as intense as the first. She again arched her back but only said the obvious after her peak, “I just came again!” she announced. “Now hurry and get down there so you can enjoy my pussy while it’s still doing its thing!”I was more careful this time and soon her pussy engulfed my erection. “That feels sooo wonderful!” I exclaimed. Then I absolutely pounded her pussy. She activated her Kegals and gave my cock that ultimate sexy AND loving hug. Eventually I hit my peak and drained my cock into her pussy.I was spent! My health is none too good so we lay there with my erection deep inside her filled pussy as I was catching my breath but enjoying the sensations. Again I told Melody, “You are so incredibly beautiful!”I slowly grew soft and moved to my side of the bed. At first, I lay on my side facing my beautiful wife. I cupped her breast and we talked. Then I rolled to my other side and hoped Melody would scratch my back. And she read my mind and soon I felt her fingertips gently rubbing the bare skin of my back.“Do you want another orgasm with Julia?” Melody asked.“Well, we don’t wanna be unequally yoked with you having two orgasms and me only having one,” I joked.By the way, Julia is my vibrating stroker. I had already lubed her (Julia) up on the inside before we ever started the sex session, and so Julia was ready to go when called upon.Melody let me suck her nipples some more then she began to suck gently and lick my left nipple. I quickly had gotten hard once again.As I slid my stroker down over my re-hardening penis Melody began to talk for Julia. “Oh! This is fun! I love having you in my pussy!”It took a little while for me to cum but it was a very pleasant while. I eventually came in another nice orgasm and sprayed my cum everywhere!“Thank you Melody!” I said. “You make me sing! And we found a new way to pleasure each other today!””Yes,” she purred in her sexually satisfied voice, “Different is good!”Indeed we were both also very thankful to God that we are both still in mortality and that we are still able to love each other in all ways – including sexually!