Norm and Rachel – Part 3 of 4The SurveyNorm and Rachel return to the same vacation beach house they had discovered on their first anniversary. As their fifth-anniversary approaches, Rachel continues to work on the video collection of their lovemaking. Perhaps for a few days, they can forget recent disappointments and give themselves time to heal.I love it when Master and Mistress do it on the beach. My buzz still lingers from their tryst yesterday when he had me enter her from behind. What a workout! My friend felt the same way if her warm wet welcome means anything. I think my friend must have been quite buzzed as well. Unlike Master and Mistress, my friend has no qualms about using certain words. When I thrust into her, all lubed up, she screamed at me, “What the F* are you wearing? D* that feels good.” A whole string of F words rang out while I drilled her. Afterward, while Master and Mistress recovered from our duet, my friend was still softly crying out, “F* you’re good.”Master has arranged for another rendezvous. He walked through a door and closed it quietly behind him. He lowered his trousers a few inches, pulled on my two companions and me, and hooked us over the waistband. I spilled silky strands of precum onto his tux in random patterns.Mistress lounged on a king-size bed. Her hair cascaded down both shoulders. I was well acquainted with the captives hidden behind a tight-fitting leather top. A single stout button assured they would stay fettered until the proper time. A short red skirt showcased my dear friend. The sparkle in Mistress’ eyes and the slight smile at the corner of her mouth said, “Look all you want, but no touching.”She looked up with a wicked smile and cooed, “Ready for more drilling?”Yes, Master, let me drill her again.“A pair of hills indicates a good site is nearby and provides clues about whether the site is ready to be drilled.”“Do these hills provide any clues?” Rachel pawed at her breasts. “I notice you’re breathing is becoming more rapid and shallow. I suspect that’s also a clue.” She pointed to a video monitor showing a view from her perspective. Pre-cum was again dripping from his cock. “Seems you need to do some exploration among these hills.” A picture from their past appeared. It recalled the first time Norm had “explored” her breasts unintentionally when they fell upon each other at the volleyball game.“Permission to unfasten the button?”“No!” The command was sharp. The words came out like gunfire, spit out between labored breaths. “Feel. Me. Up.”He pulled her hands away and replaced them with his own. “I need to leave some survey markings.” He sucked a hickey on either side of her neck and raised several more on her chest. “I think the clues are there, but I need to see them to be sure.”“Rip—ohhhhh—the—ohh, ahh—button off!” The hoarseness of Rachel’svoice could be heard over the more urgent moans of her pleasure.Still feeling her up, Norm bent over to kiss her, his tongue penetrating her lips. His fingers found the hard points on her hills. Breaking off the kiss, he dragged his tongue down her neck and across her breasts before sucking on them to leave more hickeys. He could feel her thumb rolling over the tip of his manhood. With each suck of her nipples, the thumb pressed harder into his flesh. He stood up straight to avoid a premature ending to the surveying.“Is the survey finished?”“No. Next, an explosive stick is dropped in a hole.”Rachel looked up at the monitor above the bed to watch the approach of Norm’s penis. She saw her lips opening and her tongue reaching out to welcome the turgid glans. She saw her fingers stroking the length of the shaft before her mouth closed around it and blocked the view. As she continued to watch, her tongue curled slightly upward to lick at the frenulum. The shaft slid in and out through her closed lips, the rate and depth of penetration increasing. The picture in the monitor shook each time his balls slapped against her chin.I was terrified the first time her lips spread to welcome her lover’s horn. I was relaxing quietly in my little space at the back of a dark, damp room, when suddenly the doors opened, and this “thing” charged in, completely overwhelming the space. I had adjusted to its presence when it started thrashing around, expanding in size, impossible as that seems. Not only that, it quickly became dissatisfied with merely occupying my mistress’ mouth. It wormed its way into my space as well. As if all that weren’t enough, a cacophony of grunts and groans managed to make its way into the room and assail my ears. I breathed a sigh of relief when the thrashing stopped, thinking this nightmare was over. I thought the thing was taking its leave. Wrong! It charged in even deeper, pressing upon me. It started to spasm. That really frightened me. I thought I might pass out, it was getting so hot in here. There was more to come. A torrent of hot liquid spewed from the “thing’s” tip, filling up even more of my mistress’ already full mouth. Some of the semen escaped past her lips. Swallowing a large amount of it was simply an automatic reflex on my part.“Wha ammen nem?” she mumbled through closed lips.“Wait for it.” The shaft stilled its thrusting. A deep guttural moan filled the room. Cum burst through the closed lips. He caught some of it with his hand; some fell onto his tux. A last remaining trickle slithered out of her mouth and down below her chin.“What are you going to do with the cum?”“There’s one more survey.” Norm yanked the skirt away and poured the cum across her labia, being careful to work it into just the right place.“This is part of the survey?”“Yes. The entrance needs to be well lubricated.” He got between her knees and lowered his head. A miniature camera captured the approach of his tongue to her clit. Norm liked to call it her pixie—a cheerful mischievous sprite that guarded the entrance to Rachel’s inner being. The pixie was waiting for his tongue.“What’s… needed… for… drilling?” Rachel was breathless after his tongue had lured the magic from the pixie.“A rod and hard drilling head.”“Do you have this equipment with you?”“Yes. The drill head is getting very hard.”“The rod looks long enough to drill a deep hole. How do you know when the drilling is completed?”“The world begins to tremble. It gets very hot and wet at the bottom of the hole.”I was initially confused and a bit jealous on Mistress’ wedding night. I had waited what seemed like forever to meet Master’s friend and for him to drill me. However, things got a bit reversed. He offered his friend to delight my twin sister and brought another friend to come down and lavish unspeakable delight upon me. When Mistress and Master screamed out their duet, I was too delirious to despise my sister. I soon realized being drilled was imminent.I saw Mistress’ lips being lubricated and then the penetrating drill head. I held my breath. It seemed massive. Surely I wouldn’t be able to take it all in. The approach was tentative at first, allowing me time to stretch and welcome the head in and close tightly around its rod. The head and rod continued their journey, plumbing my depths, and receiving the gifts of pleasure I had to offer. The drilling equipment paused briefly, then retreated to the top of the hole. “Is that all?” I thought, but the disappointment was brief. The head returned, this time ramming itself in further, its jackhammer strokes assaulting me. Without any warning, I was swimming in a flooded room.“It’s a gusher,” Rachel squealed as their cum overflowed from the hole and flowed across his balls.