This post contains strong language (L).Sometimes, Jim and I enjoy looking back on our twenty years together, reveling in our youth and our very liberal playtime back then. It’s not that we aren’t playful now! We had fewer time restrictions in our early 20s, prior to the birth of our daughter, and so we fucked, sucked, and ravished each other frequently and spontaneously.I often think of our first-anniversary cruise to the Bahamas because our mission then was to enjoy ourselves to the max and flaunt our bodies and love for each other wherever and whenever we could! And, boy, did we ever! My pussy is wet early this morning just from thinking about our five-day adventure on the open seas.We sprang for an upper deck room and the cruise line upgraded us to a balcony suite because of our anniversary. Jim made sure every top cruise official knew it was our one-year celebration so that we could take advantage of any freebie they might throw our way. Hey, we were celebrating, and we didn’t have much money to splurge!We loved our room, and especially the balcony with the awesome view! We could hear sounds from the rooms to our left and right, but we had a partition at each side of the balcony which stood about five feet high and afforded us some level of privacy. We also found a delightful bottle of champagne as a gift from the ship captain! I felt SO special! After we relaxed a bit, we decided to go out by the pool deck to just stroll along and explore.This stroll reminded me that as we packed for our morning flight, we had a particularly aggressive sex session the night before. While we were fucking hot, hard, and heavy, we formulated our plan to “strut our stuff” as best as possible by “tweaking” our bodies to prime display levels. This involved Jimmy eating my pussy to the max and chowing down on my tits – with special attention to my nipples – while I sucked his cock like the end of the world was upon us!While super horny after this tweaking, we tested our “sexy cruise looks.’ I slipped on a very loose-fitting silk halter top and stared at my rack in the mirror. Both nipples were gunning for anyone looking my way.“Wow, that’s off the charts,” Jimmy said while staring at the tits he sooo loves. I tipped my head a little to check out the outline of his cock that was very apparent under his loose-fitting deck shorts, especially his large head.“Not bad yourself, you fucking stud,” I replied.We immediately stripped and had a sweet oral orgasm together, mine achieved while playing with my clit and nipples and swallowing his man-meat whole. Seconds after, he pulled his cock out abruptly and stroked out a fountain of sweet cum all over my tits. He delighted in scooping up his load and serving us both a sizable sample.“Plenty of this will be available in the cumming days,” he said before we fell asleep.“I can’t wait”, I thought to myself as I dozed off.So, back to the cruise. We were “strutting” along on the pool deck and were delighted at the number of young folks in the pool area. Everyone seemed to be checking each other out, which I guess is pretty normal on the first afternoon aboard. I admit that Jim and I were soaking in the sexy vibes while holding hands and absorbing the obvious stares from fellow cruisers.We were so caught up in the atmosphere that when Jim whispered “Wanna fuck?” in my ear, I turned to him, pressed my tits against his chest, and replied, “I want your thick cock everywhere in and around my body.”We almost tripped up the stairs while rushing back to our room. We tore off our clothes and began long, deep kissing. I was really ready for some serious fucking.“Off to the balcony,” he said. “I want you to enjoy the view and get some sun on those luscious tits while you bounce up and down on my cock, you cum slut.” So he positioned himself on one of our deck chairs and guided me onto his lap reverse cowgirl.His cock was as hard as a rock, and I raised myself up from his lap a bit in order to guide his throbbing dick into my sloppy wet cunt. I let out a rather large “UH, ARG!” sound as his tool thrust into my pussy so fast that his meat consumed every square inch of my wet cavern. After the brief shock, I returned to my usual hungry, cock-addicted mode. I was in heaven!Jim reached under both of my legs and cradled me as he lifted me up and down on his cock. Each time he lifted me up he plummeted me back down on his shaft—he never fucked me that hard and fast before. Soon I felt his cock tremble, and I sensed he was ready to unload! He let go of my legs, grabbed my tits for a tight squeeze, then seized my nipples and twisted and stretched them until I screamed as a very powerful orgasm engulfed me.“Awwwww, Godddd, what a fucker you are!” I cried as I felt his semen stream flood my soaked cunt.And then …“Oh, sooo sorry; we thought there was something wrong over there,” came the voices of the couple in the suite next to us! They craned their necks over the balcony divider, and we were, of course, in their full view. I was mortified and startled to the point that I jumped up with cum streaming out of me, fled to the bedroom, and closed the curtain.I heard Jim mumbling, “It’s okay, no worries,” as he came inside to join me. He put his arms around me and comforted me as the shock began to subside.”I know we didn’t plan for this to happen, but you must admit it was kinda hot being caught,” Jim said. “And did you see the look on their faces?”“Uh, well, yes, I saw the look, and I know it well,” I said. “They sure took a while to apologize,” I said with a cocky smile. I couldn’t believe it, but I began to feel that unmistakable warm glow between my legs. I was actually horny all over again.With that, we entered our little shower and soaped each other, lathering up in all the right places. The size of the shower made it difficult, but I managed to drop to my knees. While looking up at Jim with cock in hand, I said, “Anything I can do for you, big boy?”“You really want to suck my cock, don’t you, my sexy cum slut?” he asked.“Oh, yes, I beg you, sir,” I answered as I brought his glistening cock to my mouth and made it disappear.Oh, what a great first night it was! We went back to the balcony and lay on the lounge chairs nude, just talking without a care in the world. I felt sexy, and we grabbed each other from time to time just because we could.Two evenings later, it was time for the Captain’s Dinner in the Grand Ballroom! Because of our anniversary, we had the honor of sitting at the Captain’s 16-seat table. This was a big deal! I had been looking forward to it since we received the invitation from the ship’s Promotions Director, Sven.I had borrowed a very sexy formal dress from my friend Alice (from our exclusive church group friends), and from the minute I put it on, I felt like a sexy Cinderella. The gown was a flowing, bright green, form-fitting backless number with a cardboard-type open front that barely contained my tits. I knew one false move would invite a wardrobe malfunction, the very thought of which had me fantasizing about the possibilities.“Wow!” said Jim. “Let’s skip the dinner and let me ravage you!”“No way,” I replied while finding his hard-on bulging in his suit pants. “Save this for later,” I said.We were seated at the captain’s table around 9 PM, and our arrival was met with very pleasant welcomes and the stares I expected. It was so impressive being seated with the captain and his top management team. Minutes later, Sven rose at our table and used a spoon to chime a glass to get everyone’s attention. He introduced the captain, who greeted all 15 seated and performed a toast to us as “the anniversary couple.”What happened next was something right out of a movie. Jim and I (and I’m guessing most of the others) will certainly never forget it.When the captain raised his glass, he said “To Jim and Patty, may they always be as happy as they are this evening.”We all rose to sip our champagne, and as I went from my seated position to stand, both of my boobs fell completely out of the top of my gown and spilled out into my arms and almost into my champagne glass! Jim scrambled to my rescue, grabbing my glass while I tucked myself back in. My embarrassment was beyond words.The captain, a real dashing guy, just smiled and announced again “Ah, isn’t the beauty of young lovers amazing?”“Hear, Hear,” everyone said as they had another sip, seemingly unaffected by the incident. It was so cool. I couldn’t believe how long the incredible meal lasted—five courses and awesome conversation by all. I was so captivated and super horny from my unrehearsed minute of exhibitionism that I couldn’t stand it. Mmmmm, so hot!That night and the next day, we strutted around a bit more, had pool fun, and—oh, did I mention?—fucked like rabbits. We reserved our last night for a nice, hot, doggie-style fuck on the balcony. I leaned over the railing, and Jim entered me from behind as the cool breezes flowed through my hair. He removed my halter top, played with my breasts, pinched my nipples, and pounded me hard and fast.We were so into each other that we never looked to see whether or not we were putting on another show. However, as we disembarked, we spotted the couple from the cabin next to ours.They smiled and said, “Wow, you two are really amazing!”“How cool—and HOT!” I said to myself!