This post contains strong language (L).If there’s one thing that’s important to me (and my husband, too), it’s variety in our sex life. We don’t limit sex to the bedroom but have it anywhere that sets a scene for sexual exploration. One of the most exciting places can be a hotel room, a natural attraction for me.We spent a weekend away at an upscale hotel in beautiful surroundings. Our room was on the third floor, and we had a magnificent view of other vacationers sunbathing at the swimming pool. Many of the ladies went topless, and a few couples lay embracing on the turf surrounding the pool.As we stood on the balcony enjoying the scenery, I decided to initiate some fun with Greg. Inspired by the ladies below, I unbuttoned my blouse and removed it. Already braless and pantiless, it only took a moment to shimmy out of my skirt and be bare in the sunshine. Next, I went to work on Greg’s shirt buttons. Then, while he shrugged out of the shirt, I went to my knees, dropped his shorts, and watched his member quickly rise to the occasion.Now we were both naked. I started by gentlygripping Greg’s balls, then took his shaft into my mouth, opening it as wide as possible before closing my lips around the base. As I moved my head forward and back, I found that with total relaxation, I could swallow him till he touched the back of my throat. I gagged but pulled back, took a deep breath, and did the same again. This time, I shook my head a little when I felt the tickle in my throat. The tip of his cock “scratched the itch,” and I could continue without gagging.After a while, the saliva built up and mixed with his precum. When it eventually started to make a gargling sound with each breath I drew, I paused for a second to swallow.“Aw, I liked that sound,” Greg told me with a grin. “It’s sexy to know you find me mouthwatering.”I smiled back. “I do, but I don’t want to drown!”After I regained my composure, I ran my tongue up and down his shaft while he oozed more pre cum, making the whole thing look and feel very slimy.“More, please,” he begged, and I increased my intensity, enjoying the free reign I had with his cock. I then proceeded to below his balls and sucked. I had to get him to prop his foot on the lounger to reach the spot; his balls rested atop my nose, and his shaft brushed my forehead. As I tongued his perineum, his cock oozed precum onto my hair.Suddenly, Greg turned the tables on me, taking me firmly by the shoulders and lowering me to the balcony floor. The next thing I felt was his warm breath around my now swollen mound. (Ladies, am I the only one who gets turned on by giving oral?) His tongue searched until it found my clit, and he drew it between his lips with a sip. He suckled the prominent peak like a nipple before opening his mouth wide and darting his pointed tongue up and down, licking and flicking it.Meanwhile, Greg’s hand moved to my pussy, and his fingers explored inside. But soon, he withdrew them and tucked them under my buns, lifting my hips until he could bury his tongue inside me while his nose ground against my clit.There’s only so much a woman can take! The bubble burst as I demanded, “Fuck me NOW!”Greg covered me, and I drew my legs back until my knees almost touched my tits. He aligned himself carefully, and with a mighty thrust, his cock sank into me. Heaven. Each forward motion drew my clit down toward his entering cock and stimulated it; each withdrawing stroke released it and left me aching for the return. He pumped with such vigor that I couldn’t stay quiet.My body buckled and convulsed as I came with a mighty “WAAH! Ahh! Ahh.”Recognizing his success, Greg grinned. Then he got up, went to the lounger, and lay back, waiting for his turn.Instantly, I grabbed his erection and tasted my sweet juices as I started to suck him with flair. It didn’t take long before I heard the familiar words:“Yeah, suck my cock. Suck it. Suck,” and then, “Oh, I’m cumming! Suck it out!”I stopped for only a second and said, “Shoot!”With his cock back in my mouth, I felt a gush of warm cum ejaculate into my mouth and dribble down his shaft. While he continued to cum, I pulled back a bit, and the subsequent shots made a mess of my face. But I returned to devour all the yumminess from his flaccid cock and lick his balls clean before wiping my face with my hand and savouring the juices it collected. Then we kissed and lay still for almost an hour but eventually recovered our senses and jumped into the shower.“You know what?” Greg said as he lathered my breasts. “You are a sexy treasure. You make me feel like a man.”“I am blessed to be your blessing,” I answered. “Now, about round two…”He laughed. “Later,” he said. “Let’s get clean before we get dirty again.”I could hardly wait.