Hello, MH friends. For those of you who don’t know, we just had the funeral for my father this past weekend, and it was a good service. Also, I’m preparing for my grandma’s funeral. There are so many emotions running around.All of this death has me thinking about my life. I’ve been really close to family, especially my female cousin who has offered a listening ear in all of this. I don’t want to sound creepy, but just having someone to tell my problems and faults to has been so comforting. I think I experienced some sort of emotional intimacy. Don’t get me wrong; I have no romantic feelings for my cousin, but it just felt nice to be listened to and cared for by a female.I’ve never been good around females, honestly. I’m 30 years old, and I’ve never kissed a girl on the lips nor had a girlfriend. Also, I have sickle cell anemia, a blood disorder that makes it very hard for me to date. I can’t say to a girl, “Hey, I think you are sweet and cute, and I’d love to get to know you better, but I have an illness and may need constant care to go to the hospital.” That’s not exactly sexy.So, yeah, it felt really good to be able to just cry in a woman’s arms while grieving the death of my father. I felt safe and cared for. And when I heard her family was moving out of state, it kind of broke my heart. She was someone that I could talk to about anything and not feel judged. I guess all of this made me reflect on my life.I’m praying for improved health, to get a house of my own, and hopefully find a Christian sex-positive wife for emotional intimacy, BJ’s and cuddle handjobs. But I know that’s asking a lot of a woman, especially when my health condition may make it hard for me to perform for her pleasure.I know as a man, I’m supposed to be the protector and the dominant one, but there are times when I just wanna be held like a baby. I just wanna be cared for and loved, and part of me feels I may never get that. I’m getting older, and though I thought I would be okay with just living alone my whole life, after this grief and experiencing real feminine nurturing, I want more. Maybe my feelings are just stirred up by all this emotional upheaval; I honestly don’t know.If I creeped anyone out, I’m sorry. I know this isn’t a forum for just venting; I really need some relationship/marriage advice and some hope for the future. What would you do about dating for marriage if you were in my shoes? Has anyone else here had success establishing a life-long relationship while suffering from a serious illness? How did/do you serve your healthy spouse’s sexual needs adequately?