It’s the day after Christmas and I’m heading to my friend Ashley’s house. She’s one of my high school friends who got married at age twenty-one. I admire her loyalty to her husband, James. They seem great together.Ashley also has a special bond with my mother, who helped us become confident young women when we were teenagers, embracing our bodies and being sex positive.Anyways, Ashley is married to James who is staying overnight at his parents’ house for the holidays, playing video games with his youngest brother. So it’s just going to be an evening for us girls. I’ll be staying in her spare bedroom.We catch up on each other’s lives and I talk about my university experience so far. Ashley asks if it’s true that there’s a lot of sex going on at campus. I confirm it, mentioning a story about my roommate having sex in the main living room while she thought I was asleep. To be honest, hearing her moan made me wet and think about future sexual experiences with my “Mr. Right.”As we continue our lively conversation and sip on glasses of red wine, Ashley leans in and boldly asks if I pleasured myself in my room while listening to their passionate lovemaking. I can feel a blush creeping up my cheeks as I confess that I did, unable to resist the temptation to release some sexual tension. We both share a knowing laugh before Ashley inquires about the current status of my roommate and her one-night stand.“Are they together now?” I replied with a firm “No.” “It was just a one night stand. My roommate wanted more, but he only wanted a casual fling. She’s still upset about sleeping with him. The fact that she actually enjoyed it in the moment makes her anger even more intense. I doubt she’ll ever speak to him again. Her hurt is palpable, and it saddens me.”I asked Ashley about married sex. “Ashley, do you still like marriage?”She responded, “Yes, I do.”Then I asked, “Do you like the sex?”She replied, “Yes. I have to thank your mother for introducing me to ‘MarriageHeat.com’. I’ve learned a lot from some of the older women and men on the site. So has James.”I mention, “My parents share that site with a lot of people.”I then asked if she had ever written and submitted a story. Ashley reminded me that it was an anonymous site. She did say she saw a story about a single woman talking about her mother.I couldn’t help but ask, “Is that you?”Ashley just laughed and said, “Maybe. Maybe not. It’s an anonymous site.”As we both laughed, I asked if she had any “encouraging encounters” to share for girls waiting for Mr. Right.She replied, “Well actually, I do. First off, I find it interesting that everything turns James on.”Here’s a story from yesterday, she continued. I woke up and saw that James had a boner sticking out from under the sheet. Maybe he was dreaming about me? I couldn’t help but laugh at the thought. Quietly, I moved over to him, remove the sheet and opened my mouth, taking his member in. He didn’t seem to notice at first, so I continued giving him a blowjob. Suddenly, he woke up and looked at me with surprise. “Yes, baby,” he said. Then “Sit on my face.”I happily positioned my pussy on his mouth while continuing to pleasure him with my mouth. It felt amazing as his lips and tongue worked on me, too. I started to feel him getting close to cumming, and he came in my mouth. I love feeling his hot release splash inside me. Suddenly, he found just the right spot, causing me to have an uncontrollable orgasm all over his face. That wasn’t all though. I also leaked some pee onto him because I hadn’t gotten up to go yet.I dismounted his face, feeling slightly embarrassed. But James found it hot and told me so. What? I thought to myself in surprise.As I listened to Ashley’s story, my own body reacted in response. A warm, wet sensation spread between my legs as I felt myself becoming increasingly aroused. I thanked Ashley for sharing and we spent the rest of the night lost in nostalgia. We exchanged stories of past experiences and catching up on each other’s current lives.The air around us was filled with a mix of emotions. Desire, excitement, and a sense of intimacy that only close friends can share. Our conversation flowed effortlessly, fueled by the lingering arousal from Ashley’s tale.At about midnight, we headed to our bedrooms.As I reflect on Ashley’s story from the previous night, my thoughts turn to my sexual arousal. The idea of Mr. Right also arouses me. Do men really wake up with erections? I touch and stroke my genital area, imagining Mr. Right’s hard penis in my mouth. I find my clitoris and rub it in a circular motion.Then, I imagine Mr. Right lying on his back with his erect member pointing upwards like a flagpole. Quietly, I lower myself onto him and continue to pleasure myself. With one hand caressing my breasts, I use the other to insert my fingers slightly into my vagina. All the while, I was still stimulating my clitoris. In my fantasy, Mr. Right wakes up as I am mounting him. This thought sends me over the edge into an intense orgasm. I continue to move my fingers until I can no longer handle the pleasure.As I lay there, still reeling from the steamy marriage story, I heard Ashley moan in pleasure in another room.We had some sexual salad.The next morning, after we had breakfast, I was preparing to leave for home. I suggested how entertaining it would be to read an account of our night for single ladies out there. We shared a laugh.“Make my fictional name, Ashley.”I did.