This post contains brief anal play (A).All she was wearing was a pair of black, lace-top thigh highs, and she looked fucking hot. She was laid across the seat with her knees bent, daintily moving her feet back and forth while she languidly sucked my cock. The vibrations produced from her contented sounds and moans had me in a state of absolute ecstasy.Her legs were spread just enough for me to slowly stroke two fingers in and out of her soaked pussy. Her scent filled the cab and I periodically sucked my fingers to keep her taste on my tongue.Our reason for being in this particular spot was the result of a mutual nostalgic love. As a nod to times gone by, this place remained home to one of the few remaining Drive-In theaters. It was a fitting compliment to a pleasant memory and a life of love.After a lovely dinner, swathed in romance, we drove to the big screen and parked, with purpose, as far back as we could. Making out like teenagers steamed the windows and our clothes slowly disappeared. The chance of being caught was real, albeit slim, but it did add to the moment. Basking in the pleasure of her lips and tongue, I idly wondered how many other couples were thus engaged. It didn’t matter. My mind was on her.We weren’t in a hurry. I gently fingered while she slowly sucked. Each of us was doing our best to draw out the pleasure for the other. We had two hours after all. I anticipated this moment though, and had hidden a newly purchased toy within reach. Having discreetly ordered and received a Delola Dual-Density Rabbit Vibrator, I’d hoped it was worth the money. It was time to find out. She whimpered at the emptiness when I removed my fingers, but moaned loudly and rose to her knees when I inserted the soft ribbed shaft.She raised off my cock, said,“Oh my God baby. That feels so good,” then scooted her knees closer to me and laid her head on my shoulder.She didn’t know what was in her, and I smiled and flipped on the vibe, asking “How’s this?”She shuddered, said, “Holy shit!” and dug her fingers into my thigh.I stroked it in and out a few times, then went for broke. I wasn’t disappointed. When the little clit stimulator touched her puckered hole, she came unglued.“Holy fucking shit! What is that? Oh my God!”Yep. Worth the money. She humped towards the toy while I stroked, then I decided to try something. I bumped up the vibe, applied just a little more pressure, and the clit probe slipped inside her ass. Cue explosive orgasm. I’d never heard that combination of words before. She bucked and thrashed in what was either multiple orgasms or one very long one. A gush of her cream coated my hand before she finally begged me to stop. I so love doing that to her.Content and temporarily spent, she rolled to her back, placed her head in my lap, and basked her afterglow. I was yet to be sated, but I decided I couldn’t get what I needed here.When I started the truck she said, “Where are you going, baby? I want to make you cum.”“You will, baby, but I want something specific.”“Mmmm… okay.”When we arrived back at the hotel, we each put on just enough clothes to walk in decently and headed to our room. Having arrived, I poured each of us a glass of bubbly and put on our favorite song. We danced and flirted as the music played, and I honestly could’ve ended the night right there. But the look of love in her eyes drew me in, and I kissed her. It wasn’t a hard kiss, nor hurried, but one where our tongues teased in an erotic seduction that would claim us both.Our clothes fell in a heap and our bare feet moved in unison. My left hand held her right, and her head was nestled in my neck. My right hand rested on the smooth curve of her ass, and her left pulled me tightly to her. The songs played and we danced. Easy breathing and contented sighs were the only sounds we made. Our hearts touched and our souls kissed as we embraced the other and swayed together. A couple in love.I lifted her arm and twirled her, but instead of coming back to me, she released my hand and coyly stepped back to the bed. She lay on her back and opened her knees.“Take me like you did our first time, baby. Please.” Our first time was burned into my memory, and I knew exactly what she wanted.Sliding my arm under her neck, I lay down beside her, and we kissed. I felt her warm breath, her lips touching mine, and the electric fire of her tongue. Cupping her face and stroking her chin with my thumb, I then moved my hand to her neck. I slowly traced the tips of my fingers across her chest, then over her breasts. Her nipples hardened under my touch, and I had to taste them.My lips left a trail down her neck until they reached their goal. I circled the silky hardness of one, then the other with my tongue before sucking them as though I were feeding from her milky nectar. Her moans and coos pleased me, and my lips drifted lower. Bathing her soft belly with kisses and dipping into her navel, I almost reached my goal.I slid between her open legs and placed damp kisses all around her mound. This elicited soft cries and gentle pleading. She wanted it, too. Her scent drew me in and I didn’t keep her waiting anymore. The taste and feel of her lips has never gotten old. Her scented treasure drove me into a frenzy and I lost control. Moving quickly and suddenly, I captured her in a single thrust.Our voices blended in mutual pleasure while our souls reunited through the intimacy of our coupling. Her silky tunnel pulsed and gripped and her body let go. Uninhibited sounds and motions consumed us both as we were overtaken by the pinnacle of release.I cupped her cheek again and she closed her eyes when my lips met hers.“I love you, baby. Happy Anniversary.”