(L) – This story contains strong language.(F) – This story contains an extra-marital fantasy/role-play scenario.Before you read and think that I’m out of line as far as MH guidelines… know that this is a role play story that I wrote AFTER my wife & I and ONLY my wife & I acted it out.  I will explain more on this in a follow-up post later and then you can read about the details of how this sex role-play session “came” about… if you are interested.  I will say that I wrote up our experience in story format with very few things mentioned that we did not role play.  So now, here is the role-play story.BEACH BABES ROLE-PLAY STORYThe ride to the island was fun. Tom and Melody were going to an isolated beach on a small island.  Their friend Julia was coming too.  But Julia was mainly there to do research. Melody and Tom had a picnic blanket.  They were looking forward to some married fun.The couple and their friend talked and laughed as the lovely boat ride crossed the bay to the isolated island.  When they got to the beach Julia bade them goodbye to go beachcombing and tide pooling on her own.  She was a marine biology student working on her master’s degree.  Her master’s thesis was going to be on the life found in tropical tide pools and tropical beaches. She jumped out of the boat first. She was clad in a bikini, loose plaid shirt, and also a backpack with a camera and tablet.  Tom and Melody were a climatologist and meteorologist respectively.  So they respected Julia for her dedication to her studies.Melody & Tom walked up the beach and found a shady spot right on the edge of the tropical forest.  The palm tree they sat under grew right out of the sand.  The couple laid out their picnic blanket and lite lunch.  They sat facing the sea while eating and they enjoyed the sound of the waves and warm tropical breeze.Then they laid back on the blanket and Tom laid next to and partly over his wife and they began to kiss.  The tongue tango was fun but Tom had not been able to keep his mind off Melody’s beautiful full breasts all day.  He slid down just enough to slide Melody’s tankini shoulder straps off of her shoulders.“I need some boob-time,” he whispered and continued to pull the swimsuit down until her already erect nipples were exposed to the warm tropical air.“It’s about time!” Melody exclaimed as she cupped the side of her right breast to offer her tit to Tom.  She sighed as she felt his lips and tongue go to work titillating her left nipple.“Mmmmm! I love your big tits!” said Tom. He pulled off her tankini top over her head then he pulled her bikini bottom down and Melody lifted her cute buns off the blanket to facilitate her going into a fully nude state.“Oh yes!” exclaimed Tom as his hands roamed all over his wife’s smooth curvy body.  “I love your boobies but I also love your sweet pussy, your big beautiful Nordic eyes, your gorgeous porcelain smooth skin and those raspberry nipples I get to eat!  Plus I love how your tasty pussy tastes on my tongue and how beyond belief it feels to fuck your caressing cunt!” Then he added, “I can say all that because you know that I fell in love with your brilliant mind and kind soul before I fell in love with your gorgeous sexy body!”Melody felt aroused by her husband’s kind and sexy words.  He always made her feel so beautiful on multiple levels and that often translated into her feeling sexy and intensely aroused.  She wanted him inside her hungry pussy immediately!  So she reached over to help remove his swim trunks.His bulge was obvious so she caressed his raging erection over his trunks first.  Then she slid them off to reveal his big cock.  He gently pushed her back onto her back, and then he reached into the picnic basket for the small jar of coconut oil.  Instead of scooping out a glob he took her G spot vibe from the basket and stuck it into the jar.  Then he began to carefully insert the coconut oil-coated vibe into her pussy.  He fucked her with it as he did this,  Each little stroke slid the vibrator deeper into her pussy. Eventually, the entire vibrator was deep inside.“Oh! What IS that?” Asked Melody.  “What are you putting inside me?”“Just using the G spot vibe as an applicator for the lube,” said Tom. “Do you like it?”“Yes,” she answered, “But warn me next time.”Tom closed her legs to help keep the G spot vibe inside her pussy and then he handed her a rechargeable mini-wand vibe and she began buzzing her clit as Tom orally and manually attacked her big boobs – especially her raspberries!Melody sighed loudly multiple times and said “Mmmmmm!”  But eventually, she demanded, “Now it’s MY turn to have some fun!” So Tom rolled over and Melody attacked HIS nipples.  He and she took turns jacking off his dick as she worked her magic mouth on his nearest man-nip.  Melody had the vibrator wand buzzing her clit and the G spot vibe buzzing her pussy from the inside – this whole sexy time. Sucking and licking Tommy’s man-nips always turned her on as much as him sucking on her nipples.Tom suddenly sat up and then kneeled up next to Melody’s ample tits.  He did not want to cum yet.  Both he and Melody preferred him to flood her pussy with his cum and just now he had almost erupted.  He handed her one of her powerful bullet vibes.  The movement of rolling onto her back had caused the G spot vibe to practically shoot out of her pussy like a launching rocket. Tom rubbed a little coconut oil onto Melody’s closest nipple and he began to pump his rod as he rubbed his cock’s tip onto her tit.  She buzzed her clit and caressed her opposite tit and pinched her nipple.“That feels good!” said Melody.“You like my big cock rubbing on your tit?” asked Tom rhetorically.“Mmmm, yes I do!” she answered.  It was such a turn-on to see and feel her husband’s big hard member rubbing her tit as he pumped his dick.  Plus he had begun to reach over to manually titillate her other nip.But the view of his wife’s gorgeous aroused body plus the feel of her nipples on the underside of his dick was getting Tim too close.  Melody could see this. So she acted. “I want Tommy’s big cock to fuck my puuuussy!” she said in her husky sex-charged voice.Tom couldn’t resist that invitation. He slid down into their favorite sex position (X position). He was on his side as Melody lay on her back.  His cock lined up with her pussy’s entrance.  “Does this feel good?” he asked as his big hard cock thrust into her wet swollen pussy.“Y-yes!” Melody just managed to squeak out as she squeezed & caressed his dick with her pussy.  After a very pleasant erotic time fucking each other, Tom exploded into her treasured pussy.  He felt jolt after jolt as his orgasm seemed to intensify like a violent thunderstorm.  The jolts were like bolts of spectacular lightning in his nervous system!Then he slid up to her left side to again work her tits.  Melody had felt her husband’s big cock completely fill her pussy.  Now she could feel that semen leaking out around the bullet vibe as she continued to buzz her clitty.  After a few pleasant minutes of sucked on titty and buzzed clitty she stiffened her body into a shaking arch as her orgasm flowed over her like waves on the sand. “Cum” to think of it, her orgasm was more like waves crashing on rocks!They laid there cuddling and enjoying the sea air and the closeness to each other until a voice broke the silence.  “Hello you two sexy scientists!” called out Julia.“I noticed her watching from the bushes,” admitted Tom.“Oooo, that’s sexy!” said Melody.Julia walked up and surveyed the scene of nudity and the after-effects of a completely naked amorous couple sharing their bodies.  “My turn to have some sexy fun!  I got to watch you two fucking, so now I get to fuck him and you get to watch us Melody.”“I’ll watch and enthusiastically participate,” replied Melody.  Then she rolled toward Tom and returned to sucking and tongue-titillating his nipplesJulia shrugged out of her shirt and pulled her tank top and bikini top off then she slipped out of her shorts and bikini bottoms.  Her slender light brown skin was highlighted by dark brown nipples on her small to medium-sized shapely breasts.“Isn’t she sexy!” said Tom to Melody.“Yes, she is!” agreed Melody.  “I think we are about to give you more sexy fucking fun!”Julia looked surprised.  She rarely had heard Melody or Tom swear.  Then she got a eureka look.  “Oh! I get it,” said Julia. “We’ll be fucking so it’s fucking fun!  You two are very punny!”Tom smiled and so did Melody as Julia laid down on the picnic blanket.  Right where she was laying the palm frond above her was casting a striped shadow on her entire bare backside. Then Julia slid over close and she began to wrap one hand around Tom’s re-hardened cock – even as her lips engulfed his tip and half of his cock’s shaft.  “Mmmm your pussy juices taste good on Tom’s cock!” said Julia to Melody.Melody chuckled, “Not to mention his creamy cum!” she added.“Ohhh! That feels so GOOD!” exclaimed Tom as Julia’s blowjob continued.  Melody’s oral ministrations to his nipple were enhancing the pleasure of Julia’s blow job!  Tom felt his second orgasm building fast and both Melody & Julia could tell.Julia stopped the blow job and said, “Oh no you don’t!” I want to be fucked too!”Julia straddled him and she hovered with her pussy over Tom’s big erect cock.  Her wet pussy enveloped his dick as she impaled herself on his big cock and began pumping her pelvis down and up. “This is fun!” she said as she fucked him for all she was worth.  Tom was pumping up into her pussy simultaneously.After some time Julia and Melody began to encourage him.  “You can do it Tommy!” they said as the fucking continued.“Suck my tit harder!” Tom called out to Melody. She did so and Julia pounded down to fuck his dick even harder. Her B cup young Latina boobs bounced violently and Tom commented on how cute and sexy they were and Melody agreed.“I love your big boobs!” said Julia to Melody as Julia had to pause to catch her breath.“Yours are beautiful too,” replied Melody. “But you should know that D cups can be a challenge at times.  Besides, Tommy loves our boobs whatever the size.  Now let’s get back to fucking him silly!”“Yup!” said Tom as he reached up to squeeze one of Julia’s tits. “You both have beautiful titties for me to love!”Now Julia chuckled then she got the sex glint in her eye again and she returned to thrusting her cunt down onto Tom’s full and considerable length.  Julia and Tom soon came and to their surprise so did Melody!  She had kept the vibrator on her clit the whole time she’d been sucking and tonguing Tom’s man-nip.  And unbeknownst to her husband she had slid the G spot vibe back deeply up into her pussy!There were gasps and grunts and cries of delight as all three of them climaxed simultaneously!  They collapsed together and cuddled in bliss as three returned to two. Tom laid his head on the inside of Melody’s upper arm and he lazily ran his hands gently all over her breasts, tummy, and her bush.-End of actual role-play-“That was great!” Tom said.Melody agreed and she said, “Yes, it was fun!”“It was indeed more sexy fucking fun!” added Tom… and both he and Melody laughed. They didn’t use sex slang as expletives. So Melody (and Julia) previously and now Tom was actually referring specifically to the correct use of the word “fucking.” Hence they had had fun fucking each other so it truly was “more fucking fun!”“Thank you for being my Melody AND my Julia!” Tom added and he kissed his wife deeply.  Then he added, “Julia will always be an extension of you because you got her for me last year to meet my needs when you knew that your surgery would make sex impossible for a while.”Melody smiled contentedly and said, “It was fun!”  Then she giggled and added, “We all have fucking fun together!”ENDLook for the Afterward post about this role-play in a few days.  But for now, I’ll tell you that the actual physical “Julia” is a vibrating male stroker that my wife Melody purchased for me last year.