This post contains strong language (L).I can’t sleep. You’re not here. I don’t know how I started thinking about what I’m going to do to you, fantasizing about how I can ignite your passions and stir your loins.You don’t know this yet, but I’ve decided. Sometime this weekend, I’m going to tie you up and tease you unbearably. We’re overdue for some play where I’m in control; I’m feeling a little dominated by you lately. I’ve needed you to fuck me so bad. I’m always asking you to climb on top of me, and you’ve happily obliged and given me many a good fucking this week.I’ve been loving it, Lover, but I’m starting to feel like the weaker sex. And I know I am; I’m definitely weak for you, baby. But I’m competitive! To stay sharp, I need to exercise my sexual abilities a bit. To boost my confidence, I need to show off to you a little bit. I want you to know without a doubt that no other woman will ever make you feel the way I will make you feel.So… I’m going to tie you up and revel in your body. I’m going to tease your cock with my hands, my mouth, and various objects and explore all of the parts of your body. I feel like maybe I don’t know you like the back of my hand yet, and that just won’t do. So my mission is to discover at least one new thing about you, to find one new way to drive you wild.Maybe I will start by covering your eyes with something soft. I want you to focus on what I’m doing to you. Then I will run my fingers up and down your body, your chest, your neck, your arms, and your inner thighs—wherever my creativity leads. When I find a sensitive area, I will linger and tease it with my breath, lips, and tongue in turn and watch your response.At the end of my research, I intend to start stimulating your manhood, bringing you close to orgasm with every technique that my mouth or my hands can dream up… and then letting you calm down… until you plead with me to release you.My hands, typing this on my phone while laying in bed, are pressed firmly up against the underside of my breasts. It’s such an erotic pressure. Every time I think of something new to write or do to you while lying here, the vision of your face and body filled with passion becomes clearer in my mind. It’s making me so hot and wet, and making me squirm and contract.I’ve been reading and writing here for so long that all the water I drink to stay healthy has caught up to me. I’ve made it a habit to think about sex when I need to pee. (It makes it easier to hold it.) Now every time I need to pee, I can’t help but think about sex.(Ladies, do you feel everything more strongly when you need to pee a little?)I think I just had my first mental orgasm. I’m cumming just from thinking about it. What’s making me cum is envisioning my husband taking me passionately with a strong desire stirred up in him.I’m so riled up that all I want is, “Oh, baby. Oh, My husband, please!” Such joy to spread my legs open and have you drop down between them. To have you spread me wider, as you position your cock at my entrance, and tease me with your cock head. My hips lift off the bed at first, when you roughly insert yourself. All at once, your manhood slams into my womanhood. You bury yourself to the hilt inside me, and I am filled. I am so satisfied to be stuffed with your cock. So happy. So complete.Now, I want you to make yourself happy inside me. Please fuck me with everything you have, with reckless abandon. I want to feel your strength, your masculine need and power. I want you to channel your passion for me into your thrusting. I’m bucking against you, begging for your direction. Please, tell me how I can please you. I want to make you so happy. Satisfy yourself with me; I want to be pleasing to you. I want to fulfill my wifely duties to you. Please, take pleasure in me, in my pussy, in the gift of my body. Don’t be shy. I want to be yours.(Yeah, that made me cum.)You can’t grant my requests tonight, but maybe later on, after we’ve lived out my fantasies. After I release you from your bonds and your passion is sufficiently stirred up, I know I will get my wish.So glad I can’t sleep.(Should I share this story with him before or after?)