(L) – This story contains strong language.My gorgeous wife and I have now been married over 35 years and the sex, which started out incredible, has only gotten better! We both consider sex together as our hobby now that I am recently retired. We have incorporated toys, pictures and videos of each other separately and together, as well as some light bondage and adventurous locations to keep things spicy! We only recently discovered MarriageHeat and have loved sending each other our favorite stories, as well as reading them to each other. Talk about HOT! I told her when I signed up that we have a LOT to share, but I would definitely start with this story. It was a real sexual “Level Up” for us as a couple.One evening after work, I had come home to a house full of rambunctious boys fighting off bed time with all their might. My wife looked at me pleadingly so I took over and wrangled them all to bed. When I made it back to our bathroom, my wife was finishing up her nightly bath. I hopped in the shower and watched her get out, dry off and head to the bedroom. Even after 3 children, she still looks incredible—perfect C-cup tits and an ass that drives me insane. I can NEVER get enough of her, but I assumed her day had worn her out, so I resigned myself to rubbing her back until she fell asleep.When I got to the bedroom, I was intensely excited to see that she was stretched out on the bed, still nude and rubbing herself lazily while looking at me.“I need a big stress reliever before I can sleep,” she softly told me.I didn’t say a word as I knelt down before her on the floor. I was eye level with her perfect, blonde pussy, which had already started to swell and open for me. I gently began to lick her swollen clit as I inserted a finger into her so I could rub on her G-spot at the same time. She began rubbing her tits and squeezing her nipples. I LOVE looking up from between her thighs and watching her do this! My cock was already sticking straight out, and I was having to bend down further to keep it under the sideboard. That was when I decided to try something I had been thinking about for a while. She was already so excited I knew it was the perfect time.I stood up, took her by the hands, and raised her up off the bed to stand in front of me. She is only 5’4” and I am 6’5”, so with our bodies pressed together, my cock was wedged between us pointing upwards and almost touching her tits. “Follow me” I whispered.I led her back into our bathroom to the rug that was in front of our closet. The closet had two mirrored sliding glass doors. She obediently got down on all fours as I slid down beside her and gently rolled her onto her side so she could face the mirror.She briefly looked confused but then her eyes widened and she shakily whispered, “You want me to see!”In response, I gently raised her right leg in the air as I positioned myself to get a better angle of entry into that perfect little pussy. Her right hand slid down to her clit and began rubbing furiously as the swollen head of my cock parted her pussy lips and began to slowly slide in. She gasped as she stared at the image of us fucking in the mirror, her eyes riveted to the sight of my cock sliding in and out of her. There was no frantic pumping, just the slow and steady movement of that big cock in and out. Her blonde pussy hairs would stick to the shaft as she got wetter and wetter.Within a minute, she was already starting to quiver as she rocketed toward an orgasm. When she came, she screamed as loud as I had ever heard her when the kids were in the house. Her scream pulled my orgasm out of me like magic, as I pumped strand after strand of hot cum into her. We both collapsed into each other, our hearts threatening to hammer out of our chests! It was one of the hardest cums we ever experienced together.As we lay there together, panting, she said, “It’s amazing what a better view can do for a girl!”