We were lying in bed that night following what we politely will call an intimate encounter.My wife’s head was on my chest, and our legs were wrapped around each other. We both felt that post-passion euphoria. But for some reason, my wife asked a question you don’t usually hear in such a moment.“Do you think SHE heard?”‘She’ was our youngest daughter who was here for the weekend. Her room was next to ours, and maybe she heard something. Actually, she probably DID hear something.I pondered how to answer such a delicate question in an equally delicate way. I thought of a moment early in our marriage when we spent a weekend with my wife’s parents.One night, as I was starting to drift asleep, I was jolted awake by an elbow to the ribs. As I was trying to figure who or what hit me, my wife propped herself up. She looked me and loudly whispered, “Do you hear THAT?”For a minute, I was more concerned about my aching ribs. But as I regained my senses, I heard distinct noises coming from the bedroom next door.The squeak of the bed springs. The moan of a woman’s voice. The grunt of a man’s voice. Whispered laughs.Yes. My in-laws were in the middle of well… you know.My wife was surprised by this. She, of course, knew they had in the past. But she didn’t think they would still be going so strong when they were by then in their early 60s.“They are not that young anymore,” she exclaimed. “What if the excitement is too much and one of them suffers a heart attack?”I didn’t help matters by saying, “What a great way to go.”My wife ended the conversation with great sincerity and determination. She declared that OUR future children wouldn’t never hear us doing anything like that.Future Spoiler Alert: They did.The nighttime activities of my in-laws inspired us early the next morning.  The sounds of bed springs and stifled moans also accompanied our time together.My wife told me later that day that she and her mother had “compared notes” about their intimate encounters. I never had the courage to ask what was in those notes. But my wife truly was concerned about her parents’ health. Not the passion part, the strenuous part.Her mother, who didn’t mind us hearing them, just smiled and replied, “Don’t worry, my dear. We may be getting older, but we are not dead yet.”As far as I know, their intimacy continued well into their senior years.So here we were at the same age, doing the same thing. I was pretty sure our daughter would not be shocked by that. Not that we were embarrassed by that either.My wife and I were having breakfast the next day when our daughter came bouncing down the stairs. She has her mother’s irreverent humor and mischievous grin. I knew something was up as soon as she walked into the kitchen. The look on her face told the story. She had heard.“Gosh,” said our daughter, “I thought you two would never stop last night. For old people, you have stamina. I thought you might break a hip or something.”Having just taken a bite of my toast, I froze in mid-chew and looked down at the table. I was not going there.But my wife did.“Oh honey,” my wife said to our daughter, “we may be getting older, but we are not dead yet.”Good thing I didn’t choke on my toast.