In The Desert Mountains Part 2This is a continuation of the previous story.  The scene is my Melody and I at the back of our SUV after searching for semi-precious gem stones near a desert mountain. We just had lunch and some VERY enjoyable sexual experiences at the back of our SUV. Then she had surprised me when she announced “Doggy style!”  (See part 1).Melody was nude except for her hiking boots.  There was about a 10 feet or 3 meter space between the back of our vehicle and the base of the cliff where we had parked.  Melody sauntered over towards the cliff, wagging her sexy bare tail end at me.  She stopped by a flat rock that was about a foot high (0.3 meters) and two and a half feet (0.76 meters) wide.  She turned around, again displaying those beautiful boobies and pointed at the rock.“Tommy, don’t you think this will do nicely?” she asked.I was delighted by the view of her D-cup breasts and the rest of her amazingly sexy and curvy body.  Basically I was totally distracted by her hard nipples, shapely boobs, and sexy curves.  With some effort, I stopped staring at her naked body. But as I tried to look where she pointed, I saw more of our cummy mixture dripping out of her previously pounded pussy. The part of our cum that I had not feasted on was running down her smooth and shapely legs.  I was very much enjoying the view.  My dick liked the view too, and he twitched and ”Fred” began to re-inflate.But when I finally realized that my bride was patiently still pointing to the flat rock, I understood what she had in mind.“Doggy style with you kneeling in the back of the SUV and me standing on the rock!” I exclaimed.“My favorite position!” she said.  “The rock should put Fred at just the right height to line up with my pussy!  And you haven’t made love to me in that position for while, so we are due!”“Or I haven’t fucked you in that way for a while,” I added.  (I was teasing her because she rarely uses the “F word.)“Just hurry and back up the car,” she insisted.  “I’ll guide you and tell you when you’re in just the right spot.”  She smiled and surprised me when she added, “The right spot for Fred to fuck the daylights out of my pussy!”“She said ‘fuck!’” I thought. And my semi-erect penis twitched and grew harder and bigger. But I still had to pull my pants up because they were around my ankles.  Then I hurried to the driver’s seat and backed our SUV closer to the cliff.  Melody stopped me when the rock was just behind and slightly under the back of our SUV.We assumed the man standing-woman kneeling position and I paused to rub Melody’s smooth buns.  This time i stood behind her and she was on her knees in the back of the SUV and she was presenting her awesome ass to me!  Her very swollen vulva invited Fred for a spelunking adventure!“Ready for Fred to go spelunking in your cave of delights?” I asked rhetorically as I rubbed my tip just between her lovely and swollen vulva.  Melody answered when she wiggled and wagged her beautiful bare buns at me.  She tried to rock back so her pussy would engulf my cock but I moved back.“You are still such a tease!” whined Melody. “Remember that I told you to fuck the daylights out of me!”“Yes you did,” I confirmed.  So, I slid into Melody’s pussy very sloooowwwwly this time.  She rewarded me with a sigh and an internal hug of my erection. I sure enjoy her Kegal muscles skill!  As I thrust slowly but deeply, she rocked her pussy back down my shaft.  Finally she said, “Tommy, I need Fred harder and faster please!”That was a request few husbands could refuse.  Our slow gentle lovemaking became pounding fucking. But it was still lovemaking! I could feel and hear my balls slapping her buns.Melody switched up her kneeling position to leaning with her head further down on one elbow and forearm.  Her other hand reached under her to buzz her clitoris with the bullet vibe.  Suddenly she came HARD with full body jerks and multiple spasms of sexual release and pleasure!Her pussy again milked my hard pulsating penis and “her (creamy cum) present” again filled her cunt.“Yes!” she exclaimed.  That was a great round two!  Thank you, Tommy!“Thank YOU, Melody!” I said. “You are so beyond beautiful!”I didn’t want it to end.  The beautiful desert countryside, the nearly bare mountains, and especially my wife’s nearly bare body that twice welcomed me in today. Three times if you count the fellatio.  I say she was nearly bare because she still wore her hiking boots. And she had put her flannel shirt back on before she had climbed back into the SUV and knelt down. She kept her flannel shirt unbuttoned and open.  I guessed she’d draped her back with the flannel plaid shirt because she was getting cold. Believe it or not, I had been too turned on and distracted by her shapely ass and swollen pussy’s vulva to notice!I had to admit that it WAS starting to get a little chilly.  The North wind was starting to blow as a dry cold front moved in.  But my love and passion for my wife had kept me warm!  So I kept pumping my somewhat softened rod into her core.  She did not complain.  But she finally leaned her pelvis forward in her kneeling position so my cock popped out.Not missing a beat my Melody spun around on one knee to take my entire somewhat waning erection into her mouth.  A few seconds later Fred popped out of her mouth and she said, “I thought I’d give YOU a good clean-up this time!We both laughed.  She got out of the SUV and we shared another cummy kiss.  But the cum was coming from her mouth via my dick, and not from my mouth via her pussy.  But I suppose it all “came” from my dick originally. New cum was leaking from her pussy.  I love the sight of my wife’s pussy leaking my love-cream that I just deposited into her love-tunnel!We cleaned up and got dressed but neither of us could stop smiling.  Not surprisingly, we held hands much of the drive home.  It was a long drive and Melody was beautiful as she leaned her seat back and fell into a contented and satisfied sleep. I was really satisfied and content myself but someone had to drive us home.The next Christmas I surprised Melody with earrings and a pendant on a silver and gold necklace. The gemstones were the best we had collected that day in the desert.I love God and I am grateful He has given me so much. Included near the top of that gratitude list is Him leading me to this awesome wife. And the 30 years of a companionate and passionate marriage with her.By the way, Father’s gift of His Son is at the very top spot on my gratitude list.  Melody is in spot #2.  She is fine with that!End of part 3.  The story,Happy Sexy Christmas,  was posted on Christmas Day if you want to go back and read it again.  It is part 3 of this series.I hope the first week of your new year was sexy and enjoyable!