Be sure to read Tenth Anniversary: Part 1 of 2 – Foreplay if you haven’t already.I’m a risk-adverse person. Some things on my bucket list will be no more than wishful thinking.Subterfuge in 47E“Looks like I’m your seatmate tonight.”The accent and nasally voice reminded me of Edith Bunker.  She stretched upwards to deposit her carry-on in the overhead compartment.  Her Tee, with its plunging neckline, stopped over her upper torso. The honorable thing to do would have been to look away.  The dark red points looked lonely.  This morning’s wood would certainly have befriended them.  I turned to introduce myself.  I saw a faint birthmark in her cleavage.  She made no attempt to cover herself nor chide me for staring.One of the cabin attendants came by wanting to talk with her privately.  I stood to let her out.“Sheri?” Alexis gushed in a conspiratorial whisper.  “I didn’t recognize you.  Nice touch with the hat.  It’s horrid, but a nice touch.”“Thanks.  His manhood is fully functional.  Not sure I can say the same for his brain.”Standing provided some relief from the pinching in my shorts.“Me again.  I apologize for bumping into you on the way out.  That accent again.  The scent of a familiar perfume evoked a recent memory of stocking covered thighs and a bare ass.“Don’t apologize.”“Would you mind putting this hat in the overhead bin?”  I took the monstrosity and stored it away. In the absence of the revolting distraction, I noticed a very appealing hair style.  Perhaps it was a particular look in her eyes or her tongue licking the corner of her mouth that distracted me from the hand rubbing my inner thigh.“I’m so sorry.” Her hushed shriek of remorse startled me and brought me out of my reverie.  She covered her face in shame.  “Promise you won’t report me to the flight attendant.”For some reason I noticed her fingernails.Nail polish.  Orange color.  Secret birthmark.  Familiar perfume and erotic memories.A hard dilemma east of GanderMy anniversary is tomorrow.  I apologized to Sheri that I would be away.  “It’s OK.  We’ll celebrate somehow.”  She had obviously put a lot of work into this ruse.“Let me know if I can do anything for you.”  She took off the glasses and the jewelry.  She was about to say more, but a flight attendant appeared with the meal service.  Except for the glow of the emergency lighting strips, the cabin was dark.  We had the cabin to ourselves.“You awake?”“Yes.”A fencing match“I’m curious about something. Your boobs are practically falling out of your Tee. Your legs are nice to look at too and you don’t seem to mind me staring at your chest.  And your hand between my legs.  Maybe that was accident or maybe it wasn’t.”“Where are you going with this?”“I made love to my wife last night. This morning, she prances around the breakfast nook, nearly naked, like you are now, makes me watch while she gets herself off, and then sucks me off.  I go to the bedroom, expecting she’ll be coming shortly, getting on top and fucking me. Instead, the maid walks in wearing a skimpy outfit and informs me she’s been instructed to “service my penis.”“Well, did she?”“She certainly knew how to rub two sticks together, enough to make smoke, but stopping before a flame consumes the wood in a blaze of fire.”“I can imagine what one of the two sticks was. The other one?”“Other two actually. She hovered above my stick and rubbed it with the tits while her breasts sway back and forth. She knew exactly when the smoke got to be too much and stopped short of making fire. After the last wisp of smoke disappeared, she started up again.”“How come you didn’t take care of things yourself.”“Couldn’t. My hands and feet were tied to the bed.”“Oh, poor baby. You keep staring at your seat mate’s boobs. Are you expecting them to finish the job?”“Just letting you know my wood is ready. You seem to be wanting to heat things up.”“Is that right?”  A hand started rubbing my crotch.  “I’ll say you’re ready. This is where I’m supposed to sigh and stroke your ego with, ‘Oh my, the answer to a girl’s dreams.’  Is it my boobs?  You can’t wait to feel me up and have me beg for you to suck my tits.”“Of course.”“Want me to grind against your dick again, like earlier when I got up to talk with my friend?I slid my hand up under her dress.  “I had something else in mind.”  Interesting.  It hadn’t been shaved this morning.“You didn’t get any tail from your wife or the maid this morning, so you want my cunt?”“You have a birthmark in your cleavage.”She pulled her hand away and turned her back towards me.  “A birthmark? That’s what gets you off?  That’s a new one. And here I thought it was my tits.  You don’t want to grope them?”“Not yet.”“Birthmark, huh?”“I’d like to kiss it.  I figured you wouldn’t mind.”“Seriously?” She slowly turned to face me again.  “You have a thing for birthmarks?  Does your wife know about this?”“She does.  She likes me to kiss hers.”“Oh!  Well then,” she mocked.  “I don’ have a choice, do I?  Here we are. One man, one woman in an otherwise empty cabin.  He’s got a dick a girl could die for.  Does he want a hand job?  No.  All he wants is to kiss the birthmark in her cleavage.  How lucky am I?  Might as well get this over with.  Pull my top up.”“Take it off.  Your skirt too.”“Ah!  The birthmark is a ruse.  I didn’t have to apologize for rubbing your thigh, did I.  You want me naked while I rub it.  And your dick, I expect.”“I’ve already seen your legs.  Oh my! Nice breasts!  There’s one more thing I’d enjoy looking at.”“I’m sure there is.  And you want to fuck it.”“Like you said.  I’m horny.  My wife wouldn’t let me fuck her this morning.  But first the birthmark.”Foreplay over the North Atlantic“You want me naked.  Here?  Exactly, how long has it been?  Can’t you wait until we get to a hotel?”“Here’s how I see it.”  I paused to kiss the birthmark.  “There’s not many passengers tonight.”  Another pause to suck on her cleavage.  “It seems odd there’s only the two of us in this part of the cabin.  Somehow, I’m the one who has the privilege of sharing it with you tonight.”  Both hands were busy on her tits.  “I imagine your friend conveniently arranged for everyone to be seated in the forward cabin and will see to it that we remain the only ones back here.”  A prolonged suck on a nipple.  “Did she know I’d be on the flight tonight and suggest to you I might appreciate a female companion to relieve the boredom?”  More nipple sucking on the second tit.  “I bet you’re hoping I get naked sometime as well.”Her skirt fell to the floor.  “Well, imagine that.  No panties.  Quite convenient.”“How’s that?”“While I’m kissing your birthmark, and sucking your nipples into my mouth, my finger is going to be in your cunt.”  After you cum, you can give me a blow job.  I’d like some pussy, but under the circumstances that seems unlikely.”Later, her head resting on my satiated cock, one hand caressed her breasts and tits, and the other found her slick cunt for a second time.  The plane hit some turbulence, stronger and lasting longer this time.  Her scream of release went unnoticed by anyone except me.  The “fasten seat belt” sign came on.Alexis came down the aisle to check things.  She was happy to see that both of us were properly buckled in.  She probably understood the blankets were for her sake rather than a need for warmth.Half an hour later, the fasten seat belt light was turned off.Getting tail in the tail“Is there anything else I could do for you?” She found my dick again, closing her hand around it to bring it to attention.I fondled her breasts.  “What’s on your bucket list?”“To be fucked on an airplane.  Interested?”Two fingers slipped into her wetness.  “I’m in.”“Nice pun.  Your fingers know their stuff, but for the club, it has to be your bone inside me.”I rubbed myself while watching her dress.  “Don’t be long.  Never know how long I’ll be able to hold off.”“Just be sure it’s hard enough to bang me.  I’ll make sure it’s worth the wait.  I’ll have Alexis come to get you.”Alexis led me to the door of the small compartment.  I stepped through and she closed it behind me.Somewhere between Iceland and Ireland“I’ve never been taken from behind.” Using the chair for support, she spread her legs and arched her back forward.  “Fuck me.  I’m your slut and I want you to fill up my cunt.  Take me to your bed when we get to Paris.  My cunt will fuck your dick all weekend.”I settled into a regular rhythm of in and out, in and out, banging hard, sending a jolt through her whole body with each thrust more urgent and impatient than the previous one.  The storm gathered, a frenzy, of heat, and banging, and friction, and moaning.  Screams of lust.  Desire.  Striving.  A desperate gasp.  The storm broke.  Overcome by its flood.  Drunk with the wine of each other’s carnal pleasure.“Alexis tells me you’re booked into the same hotel that she’s in.  That’s the same hotel I’m staying in.  I think you’d find my bed more comfortable than this.  I want to fuck you again.”“I’d like that.”“Happy anniversary, sweetheart.”