Do you guys ever argue with your spouse over money? Lacy and I have been a little tense lately with the cost of everything going up and my paycheck staying the same. This Saturday morning, it all came to a head in a nasty argument that I ended by walking away into the family room before I said anything I would regret.Lacy, in turn, changed and went for a run. Two hours later, she returned and walked straight past me to our bedroom. I figured she was still angry, but a short time later, Lacy emerged with a towel wrapped around her torso. She stood between me and the baseball game on TV, and when I looked up, our eyes met.“Forgive me for being so selfish,” Lacy said. “You provide us with a good life and give me stability, safety, respect, trust, and love. You take care of me in ways I never imagined or knew I needed. I sometimes worry about being a stay-at-home wife and not contributing to our income; I’m sorry that I expressed my misgivings and fears in a way that hurt you.”By then, Lacy was crying, so I opened my arms. In a surprise but not unwelcome move, she straddled my lap and lay against my chest. I wrapped her in an embrace and apologized for my critical remarks too. Hurting my girl is something I never dreamed I’d do, and I was genuinely sorry.I stroked her back while she had a good cry, then Lacy leaned back and sat up straight. Her weight pressed down on my cock, which started swelling fast. As Lacy removed her towel, I admired her perfect, firm tits. Cupping my hand around them, I squeezed and pinched their long nipples until they grew hard.Lacy moaned and wiggled impatiently against my now rock-solid cock. Then she straightened her knees and reached down to free it, but I grabbed her ass and tugged her forward insistently until she was half-kneeling high on the back of my recliner. I brought my mouth to her pussy above me, and Lacy gasped and moaned as I licked from her asshole through her hot wet slit and circled my flat tongue firmly against her budding clit until I felt a small tremor run through her.When I released my support under her ass and relaxed my neck, Lacy’s pussy dropped away from my face a few inches. She watched with a gentle, grateful smile as I licked her juices off my lips.“Mmmm, you taste so good, baby,” I told her.Her eyes brightened. “I want to taste, too.”With a grin, I gave her the Boy Scout sign, then slid all three fingers into her pussy. Lacy shook at the sudden invasion, throwing her head back with a guttural sound, and when I pulled my fingers out, they were fairly dripping with her juices. I offered them to her mouth, and Lacy seductively licked and sucked them clean.Grabbing her ass again, I pulled her pussy back to my mouth and licked, sucked, and tongue-fucked her wildly. Lacy ground against my nose, lips, tongue, and chin—even harder when I rubbed my wet fingertip over her asshole.My involuntary smile pulled my lips and tongue from their job for a moment. “You like that, babe?”Lacy moaned and pushed back a little, shuddering with a loud moan as my finger dipped into her tight asshole. As I sucked her clit and pussy lips, I slowly moved the first joint of my finger in and out—it wasn’t wet enough to really slide, only to pull and push the opening with the slight movement. It seemed like only moments before she let out a long moan, and her pussy pulsed, her cream flowing out over my face and into my mouth, and I drank it up.Still holding her to my mouth by the finger in her ass and palm cupping her cheeks, I reached down and pulled my throbbing cock out. Then I eased my finger out, and Lacy slid down my chest until her rear settled against my shaft. She smiled when she felt it and grabbed it with her dainty hand. Rising a bit, she scooted further back, then lowered until my fat head pressed her swollen clit. She rubbed it in circles around that little nub before sliding the tip up and down her hot wet slit. With a gasp, she slid down the shaft until her soaking-wet lips reached the base.Lacy bit her lip and shivered in ecstasy as my cock plumbed her depths. After a few moments, she dragged her hips forward and up my pole until only the head remained inside her. Then, after returning to start, she slid backward the entire length as well. As she got more confident with the distance involved, Lacy gradually increased the speed of her long rocking strokes.The alternating pressure of her pubic bone along the top and bottom of my cock worked me steadily to a crescendo. Once she hit the perfect pace, I grabbed her by the waist and kept her there.“Oh, Lacy, you feel so good, baby. Don’t stop. I’m gonna cum.”Lacy’s palms slid from my shoulders to my nipples, lightly caressing them as she continued along the trajectory my grip directed. The new sensation, somehow linked directly to my cock, rocked me. I tensed up, and my cock exploded, hot cum shooting in jets up into her clasping folds.With a self-satisfied smile, Lacy bent down and kissed my lips. Then she whispered against them, “I love you,” before rising on her knees. I watched my cum dribble down my slowly softening shaft and onto my belly. After a minute, she reached for the towel she’d abandoned and sopped up most of the puddle she’d made before helping me to my feet and sending me toward the shower.I cocked an eyebrow. “Don’t you want to clean off, too?”Lacy pressed her finger to her cheek and tilted her head to the side, glancing sidelong toward the ceiling. Then she shook her head. “Mm-mm. I think I’d rather keep some for later.”Yeah, you’re right. I got a good one.