A night alone is a rare treat for us with a house full of kids at different ages and stages. It’s definitely something we strive to have here and there, though. There is something to be said of the privacy that an empty house gives where your moans, pants, and cries of ecstasy are uninhibited.Tonight was one of those nights; the kids had gone to the movies, and we had a few hours to enjoy our new home with abandon.As soon as we were home, I asked my wanting Passionate Pastor if he’d like to spend some time playing a game or doing something else or if he’d rather get straight to having his way with me. I knew the question was rhetorical. He had been lusting after me all day, and the spark in his eye already gave away the answer.He drew me into his sexy arms and kissed me passionately, fueling the desire that was already building inside me.Coyly, I asked him if I could have just a moment to find something he’d especially enjoy seeing me in. Of course, there were no objections as I closed the bedroom door and walked over to my drawer of sexy lingerie. I knew exactly what to grab right away: a lacy red number that he had only enjoyed through looking at some boudoir images I gifted him for our anniversary. The fabric is sheer in all the right places, and I knew that he loved the sight of it hugging my curves.When he joined me in the room, his lustful eyes and bulging jeans made it clear that he liked what he saw. He gently kissed me and started running his hand down my back, and my lace-covered vagina started to moisten. We lovingly embraced and began kissing again, our breath mingling with intense pleasure. Then I remembered a gift I got him for Christmas that had barely been enjoyed: a scratch-off book calledThe Adventure Challenge… In Bed.“With the house to ourselves, it may be fun to unveil an adventure,” I thought out loud.Eagerly, we opened the book and scratched off a spot. Our mission was a fun one: to make up sex positions with the names they gave us.The titles were a little odd, but we were up for the creative challenge. They suggested the Flying Windmill, the Dead Fish (but in a hot way), Upsidedown Tiger, and Dumpster Dive.Already very hot, hard, and wet with anticipation, we didn’t require too much warming up before getting to work.We decided to start at the top and work our way down.Flying WindmillI am pretty sure that the flying windmill looked more like windshield wipers as we made love, but it still felt amazing. I lay on my back on the edge of the bed where my husband could see, feel, and taste my tits as he inserted his throbbing penis into me from standing. My legs, straight up in the air, moved left to right as he rocked back and forth inside of me.Not too shabby for the first position, but we still had work to do. These positions weren’t going to make themselves up.The Dead Fish (but in a hot way)Just why… and how?! We think we failed at this one, but maybe you MH readers could give us a suggestion to try later on to redeem ourselves. We started in missionary and then played dead. It was certainly funny, and laughter in life (including in the bedroom) is a  welcome addition to our marriage, so maybe we didn’t fail after all.Upsidedown TigerHere we took a break from penetration; some oral stimulation was the key to making this kitty purr. So onto my back I went as The Passionate Pastor started working his tongue around my clit. I don’t think that vocal exercises were part of his seminary training, but he sure does know how to move his tongue in and around in an expert way.As my husband sucked and licked, I wrapped my legs around his head while doing some tongue work myself around the tip of his marvelous manhood hanging right in front of me. I softly licked and enveloped him in my mouth until he started bringing me to orgasm. It was then that the tigress came out, and I could no longer softly service him. Instead, I took him deep into my mouth and sucked hard as he made me shudder. But we weren’t done yet. We still had one more position to come up with (or rename).Dumpster DiveThe name doesn’t necessarily sound sexy or sensual. But both of us immediately knew what we wanted to try for this, and it seemed like it would be our favorite yet.We started in the doggy-style position, and my husband’s rock-hard shaft slid effortlessly into my pussy. I love the way his balls slap against my clit in this position; it feels just right and often brings me to a quick trembling orgasm. But this time, it didn’t stop there.As he was smoothly slipping in and out of me at the edge of the bed, I worked my hands down to the floor with my ass up and knees still on the bed. Being free to make as much noise as I wanted to, I moaned loud yesses, uninhibited and uncontrollably, as he fucked me from behind. His penis gently but vigorously filled me, hitting all the right places. Both of us exploded with orgasmic bliss.The rest of our afternoon activities paled in comparison to our fun “adventure challenge,” and we’re definitely looking forward to the next adventure.(Click Here)MarriageHeat is happy to announce a new affiliate relationship with themakers of The Adventure Challenge… In Bed.  We’ve added them to our Recommended Resources page accessible from the Main Menu. For this week, beginning 16 Aug 22, they are offering MH readers who follow our affiliate link a discount of 20% on their purchases. Just apply the code HEAT20 at checkout. But if you are reading this a little late, don’t despair. Afterward, there’s still a 10% discount for MHers. (Note: The company offers other challenges as well!) If you follow any of our links and make a purchase, we will receive a small commission that will help keep MH online, but your cost won’t go up.