(A) – This story contains anal play, including anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.On a hot Thursday afternoon, I was home and busy tidying up and preparing some food in the kitchen. Robbie had taken some time off and was lounging around the house. I had just had a shower and was dressed in a light bathrobe, just long enough to cover the top half of my legs, so in the event someone came to visit, my near-nakedness would be covered.While I was in the kitchen, Robbie quietly slipped behind me, and suddenly I felt my robe pushed out of the way, and a hard cock between my ass cheeks. He gripped me from the back and clasped his hands on my breasts. My nipples stood erect, and Rob pinched them, and pretty soon, the inner parts of my thighs were wet with my flowing juice.“I am hungry too,” I said, “and I lovingly prepared some coffee and biscuits.” So we both sat down to enjoy the coffee break. After that, I was soon back in the kitchen, and felt Rob doing the same thing, this time lifting my robe and rubbing his erection on the cleft between my ass cheeks. I knew something special would take place, and we would soon be on our way to the bedroom.But we didn’t even make it there, because it started in the hallway. Rob lifted my gown and passionately lifted me up, positioning himself perfectly to penetrate me. Just before he did, I noticed he had on one of those “Rough Rider” condoms with special texturing to increase stimulation. He inserted his cock into my pussy, still standing and holding me up, and the feeling was great. Rob wasn’t lazy—he fucked me with much enthusiasm, causing me to orgasm multiple times. He gradually lowered me, his cock still deep inside my pussy, then pinned me against the wall and took me again, causing me to have a good few orgasms, before he let go and led me to the lounge.By now we were completely naked. He made sure my head was comfortable on the couch rest, then he twisted and tangled my legs upwards, exposing my ass. He pushed his cock back into my pussy, and the feeling of the special condom brought out orgasm after orgasm.Eventually I could see Rob tiring. He slowly pulled out and we rested together for a while. Then to my surprise, he put on a new condom of a different type and lubed it up. This new one looked odd to me, but I didn’t have time to think about that as he placed me on my knees, where I realized my ass was now exposed to enable him to do anal. As he gripped me and brought his cock to my ass hole, I offered no resistance. He pushed his cock into me, first slowly, and then deeper. Then finally, after all the anticipation, he was taking my hole with much enthusiasm.Little grooves on the condom tickled my nerve endings, and I shuddered and screamed with delight. Rob was riding me, and I wasn’t resisting, only feeling those orgasms coming and going.Then I heard Rob’s familiar sound—the one I know that he makes when he’s about to ejaculate. He pulled his cock, discarded the condom, pulled me around, and brought his cock towards my mouth. He held it and shook it, and I knew I had to open my mouth. It was just then that his sperm shot out, first a bit in my mouth, then all over my face, cheeks, lips and the back of my mouth. I sucked and swallowed as the rest ran down my neck on onto my chest. I was a mess, but we both enjoyed it and rubbed it all over our bodies for a while before finally cleaning up—but not enough to completely remove the smell of sex!After a while, we slipped on some clean clothes and went out to dinner, smelling like the sweet smell of sex, which we normally do. What a night!