I think it was Faith-Manages that recommended the Reddit thread “Gone Wild Audio” (I couldn’t remember what post it was in which he suggested it in the comments), and I finally visited it.  What a find!  There are some really quality erotic recordings on there, even with sound effects.  I did some specific searches for topics I find hot and stumbled over several awesome audio scripts.Yesterday (this is late July, by the way), I had an almost-all-day binge of masturbation and scrolling through the audio files, searching for stories or monologues that allured me.  For several hours in the afternoon, I laid on my back in my room, rubbing my pussy through my underwear, and soaking in the sensual dialogue through headphones.  (As a side-note, my family is away, so the house is quiet and I had free time.)I found a few that I immediately favorited.  My panties came off and I was fully nude on the carpet.Once I was deliciously wet, I got my vibe.  My new technique is to screw myself with the left hand and rub my clitoral area with the right.  Lying partly on one side is distinctly sensational; I can literally feel the vibe filling my insides up around the top of my thigh.  Very enjoyable.  As a sexy cowboy talked in a seductive southern accent, and acted out the fingering and pounding he was giving, I churned myself to a shaking, leaking orgasm.  It was wonderful!That night, since I was still feeling frisky, I went to bed at a decent hour so I could enjoy some more sexy time.  I did some more searches for various scenarios, mainly “stud husband” in theme.  I love the idea of a strong, sexy alpha male claiming his wife.  And I don’t mean an arrogant, selfish kind of alpha as is often portrayed.  I mean a tough, manly, confident, vocal, in-heat guy who wants to enjoy his wife while also pleasing and caring for her.I prefer married scenarios, and I did find a great one.  The guy had a voice very similar to a TV actor from the 60s whom I really like, so that conjured up some nice images in my head!  I used my fingers and then impaled myself on my vibe for around two hours. Sometimes my pussy began to lose its lubrication and stretchiness if my hand slowed down, then the juices would wet and open me up again as I focused on the dialogue-fueled scenes in my mind.As I neared the last minutes of this session, I noticed that I wasn’t really feeling the vibe inside me; I seemed very loose, maybe from the activity of earlier in the day.  But I tried some new positions and found a sweet spot by lying completely flat, legs straight out before me, and pulling the vibe almost straight up and down so it slid along the top of my cleft.With that angle of penetration and the stimulation of my clitoral hood, I started to tremble and mouth, “Oh, I’m cumming! I’m cumming!”  The male voice in my ear was just erupting inside his wife, so that was extra hot.  I couldn’t even endure the vibe moving inside me, so I pulled it out.  I felt a warm flood seep out down my crack.  I wish I could have seen it, but my room was dark.I lay there for a few minutes, getting my breath and relaxing my quivering muscles.  Bed and sleep were both very enjoyable afterward.All I can say is… I now have a new favorite resource for sexual inspiration!