It was Still Thankful Day—most people know it as Black Friday or the day after Thanksgiving. You were up at 4 a.m. to go shopping with your girls. It would be a long day, but you were starting it a little worked up. We didn’t have sex the night before because Thanksgiving was an emotional day for you, and you planned to be up early the next morning. Instead, we teased that we would have a fun Friday evening together. So all day, we razzed each other about that night. You would send me hints while out and about. I did three different workouts that day (I’ve been working hard on my body for one single goal: to fuck you better) and did chores around the house. When Friday evening came, we were both a little worn out. We watched a fun rom-com on the couch, then went to bed ready for sex. It was good for us; we each had a release, but neither of us finished as entirely as we needed to.As the sun rose the following day, we both woke up horny. My dick was hard, and you didn’t mind the extra caresses of your body as we lay in bed. During our morning routines, you gave me four options: we can do it this morning, at halftime of the college football game, after the game, or wait until night. I did ask if all four were an option, but you didn’t go for that. After some parley with my dick, I assured him it would be more fun to wait until night. You kissed me, rubbed my hard-on, and finished preparing for a fun day.As you were about to leave, I noticed you were wearing a new pair of leggings. They were tight; I mean nice and tight around your long legs and ass. Honey, you look so good after working so hard on your body. You are enjoying getting to wear clothing that accentuates your curves. I am too.You bent over to tie your shoes with your ass facing me. I contend you were letting me know you were wearing a thong. I would think about that view all morning as you went shopping again with your girls. (I had no idea our little town had that many stores.)It was going to be a good day. I was expecting to get hard and wet all day. While you shopped, I packed a bag and headed to the gym for a long workout. I sent you notes via our private chat app between machines or sets. The dialogue of what I wanted to do to you went on all morning.​​[8:10 AM] Joe: I will start with kisses to your lips while my hand glides from your neck to your knee and back up.​​[8:32 AM] Joe:  As I lick around your tit, your nipple gets hard and reaches for a kiss.​​[9:03 AM] Joe:  My mouth sucks in your tit, and my tongue flicks your nipple. My palm finds your mound warming.[9:12 AM] Joe:  Your other tit is screaming for some love, so I take care of her. My fingers find your folds wet, and I can work your slit with ease.[9:14 AM] Sarah: Oh, my[9:15 AM] Joe: Two fingers are inside your pussy easily now. My lips move up to yours. But you pull away to tell me what you want.[9:16 AM] Joe: You can’t formulate words, so just moan and kiss me deeply. Your back arches and hips buck against my hand. You cum big now.[9:18 AM] Joe:  Back to your tit goes my tongue flicking your nipple hard.[9:28 AM] Joe:  My creamy fingers come out of your pussy and move up to massage your clit. The left side, then the right. My tongue does the same on your nipple.[9:36 AM] Joe:  You build towards another organism quickly.  Just before you get there, you say “in,” and I know you want my finger in your pussy again. My middle finger goes in, my thumb stays on your folds, and my index finger, wet with your love, caresses your ass.[9:47 AM, 11/26/2022] Joe:  You cum once.  Twice. You are losing your mind.[9:49 AM] Joe:  You order: “Now. You need to fuck me now.”[9:51 AM] Joe:  I always do what I am told, eventually. I move my body on you with my hard dripping cock onto your pussy folds. I lay my chest on yours and kiss you deeply.[10:04 AM] Joe:  I leave your lips and kiss you gently down your chest, between your soft breasts, and across your belly button. My dick drags down your leg.[10:05 AM] Sarah: You must do all this to me tonight.[10:05 AM] Joe:  When I get to your “lace,” I pivot my body around so I look at your pussy, and my dick is hovering over your face.[10:11 AM] Joe: You lick me from below my balls to the crown of my cock. You take my dripping tip into your mouth.[10:11 AM] Joe: I am starting to devour your pussy.  No holds barred. Sucking, stroking, inserting, over and over, round and round. You suck my cock while moaning.[10:13 AM] Joe:  It isn’t long before you tap out and push me on my back.[10:15 AM] Joe:  It is clear I am no longer in charge.  Your pussy has taken over this show.[10:18 AM] Joe:  You climb on top, put my dick in your very wet pussy and do what I was supposed to do.  You have me fuck you.[10:22 AM] Joe:  After much pounding, you let it all go. “Oh my, fuck me, yes, fuck me harder, yes, yes, fuck, Oh Fuck, OH MY, FUCK MY PUSSY, YES!”  You cum entirely undone.You get home from shopping shortly before the game kicks off. I can see in your eyes that your “I need you now” volume is dialed up to 11. I remind you we decided to wait until night.As the first quarter of the game ends, you join me on the couch to grind my throbbing dick with your ass and that thong. I pull your thong to the side so my dick slides across your ass, wet pussy, and clit. We don’t even make it to halftime. We accomplished what we needed. You string orgasms together; the last one was long and hard. You were begging me to cum, and I always do what I am told. You order again, “Fuck me, baby. Cum in my pussy. You are so big. Fuck me harder. I want to feel you cum. Yes. Now. Fuck Yes. Yes. Yes. Ahhhh.” You talked me through a big release.I am still thankful for our intimacy.