This post contains both strong language (L) and anal sex (A).When the Wife is Away, the Husband Prepares the PlayKate and her girlfriends were certainly due for a nice day out together, to get a well-deserved break.  It was a Saturday afternoon, late this past spring. Kate told me that I was to have a daddy-daughter day for the day with our 16-month-old girl.  I hadn’t taken care of her solo for that many hours before. Typically, I am the breadwinner, and Kate is the full-time homemaker.  However, I did think she had more than earned it. Regardless of how challenging it might be, I was willing to give her most of that Saturday.They planned to travel to some suburban areas a couple of hours away.  The four girls all loved botanical gardens and pretty much anything related to plants and trees.  They loved taking their photo shoots at scenic places.  Afterward, the four Filipinas would eat some ethnic food and bring some back that evening.But not long after they left, Kate texted, “I am going to be back later than expected.”  The ladies decided to add Filipino grocery shopping and stop at a shopping mall on the way back. I would be out of my element for a few more hours. That—and the angst of what could happen with the credit card—began to set in.  That said, it was time to have fun messing with her, and just maybe getting her turned on.“Are you serious? You owe me ANAL tonight!!!” I texted back to Kate, along with a few alternating eggplant and peach emojis.“Be ready for me to take all three of your holes tonight,” I texted a few minutes later.Kate responded with some smiley emojis and said she shared my text with her other three friends.  She later told me that two friends reacted in shock and disbelief, but Kate played it off as a joke.  Bot one of her friends is pretty adventurous and curious. They are our closest friends as a couple. The ladies and the guys, separately,  will sometimes share and exchange bedroom pointers or ideas.  That friend is curious about anal sex. She knew the reality, that the fate that awaited Kate’s keister that night was no joke.  I texted my wife a few times teasing her that she was in for an absolutely epic ass-fucking that night.As the afternoon went on, my day as Mr. Mom wasn’t too bad, and we had some fun times.  When my daughter went down for her nap, I got something out that I had purchased and hidden from Kate.  I wanted to surprise her that night and not just make it all about her ass getting plowed.  Stripping off the bedsheets, I removed our heavy mattress from the bed.  Then I unboxed and installeda four-point bondage restraint strap system.*It would go underneath the mattress and had a Velcro cuff restraint on each corner of our bed.Kate and I do very little missionary position.  I enjoy the sensation of it, but it is difficult, given our vast differences in height and weight.  We have a few primary positions, including doggy. I also stand at the edge of the bed with her on her back and her legs up on my shoulders. Also, she likes to glide back and forth in a cowgirl position.  This restraint was entirely intended to playfully control her and leave her helpless.  I would get a mouthful of her sweet breasts, and I’d also eat her pussy like the fate of the world depended on it.Kate finally got home, and I could hardly hold back the laughter and contain my excitement. I wanted to see her reaction to this new addition in our bedroom.  When I took her upstairs and showed her, she laughed and shook her head. She told me there seemed no end to these surprises I could come up with for us.“Tell me you would want to have it any other way.“ I said. She responded with silence and a mischievous smile.Once our girl went down for the night, the time arrived. Helping Kate get up in the bed, I put the cuffs on her. Adjusting them to be comfortable, I had her spread out as much as she could tolerate.  I blindfolded her, but she really wanted me to take it off, which was fine.  I thought it added to the suspense and eroticism of it, but I wanted to respect her preferences.We started with passionate kisses, swirling and exploring the depths of each other’s mouths, as we like to do.  I call our French kissing more intense than it is passionate when working to assign a proper descriptive to it.  My hands played with her beautiful brown breasts and dark brown perky nipples. I love warming up those lovely twins to be taken into my mouth.After a short time of sucking on those little mangoes, I softly stroked my middle finger on her clit. This was intended to prepare her for what was coming next, and what she was now dying to receive.  Venturing on down, my mouth found her moist, dark brown feminine mound. I proceeded to give long tongue strokes basically the entire length of it. A few times, I dropped down to press my tongue into her asshole, before returning to the task at hand.It takes a little time to get her going, but once Kate does, she can have sequential orgasms.  I carefully slid my middle finger into her delicate, brown cunt tunnel, which caused her to tense up with apprehension.  Kate is as tight as a vice grip at times.  In fact, she is far more comfortable with me fingering her asshole than her pussy. This even though fucking her in the ass is definitely tighter on my cock.  Perhaps it is nerves or something causing sensitivity?  I have long given up on multiple fingers, let alone the fisting I would love to do. Her anatomy just could not accommodate it.  I wet my finger and gently stroked her G-spot area while tonguing her from the other side.Kate was on cloud nine with this new experience.  I continued to stroke her G-spot and varied the motion of my tongue on her pussy. Her orgasms soon ensued.  I could feel her tensing up and releasing, and the flavor and moistures she provided to my delight.  Kate normally has a “small orgasm,” or a series of them, before hitting a huge climax. This has an almost seizure-like effect on her. When she cums from the big one, she is so sensitive that I cannot touch her for a few minutes.  As Kate came from each orgasm, she playfully called them out for me.“That’s two!!!” she cried, obviously intending to get as much as she could.“That’s three!!!” I heard a short time later.This continued all the way up until her massive orgasm on the 7th. As I said, this meant she needed a couple of minutes to recover before I could touch her again.  What I ended up doing as she recovered was getting up and retrieving our anal lubricants and dilators.“Now it’s time to collect what you owe me,” I said to her.“Oh, yeah,” Kate smiled, realizing there was more to come.Eating her pussy was immensely pleasurable to me already. But I was naturally happy to know I would be fucking Kate’s ass in fairly short order.  I unstrapped her to enable her to assume the position.  I began the ritual of easing into her rectum with my probing fingers. Then I used dilators to help her relax and open up her rear chute for the forthcoming action.  In just a little while, sufficient time had passed, and I was able to slowly withdraw the dilator without discomfort.  Kate dropped to her knees and took my cock deep into her mouth. She worked me back and forth to build a good erection. It was plenty sufficient to enter her tight “alternate pussy,” as we playfully call it.Kate assumed the next position. She bent over in a deep crouch, her body pressed very low to the bed, and her ass slightly raised.  The round, inverted heart shape of her ass was an incredible sight. I visually savored her Asian beauty: the long, straight flowing black hair and brown skin.  Her beautiful dark brown rosebud was fully visible and exposed in the position.  I pressed the head of my heavily-lubricated cock into its center and slowly applied pressure inwards.Anal sex is an incredibly intimate thing, in my opinion. For your soulmate to offer up her most tender, private, guarded, taboo/dirty part of her body for your copulation.  With gentle thrusting that slowly got deeper, the copious lubrication enabled her bowels to stretch and accommodate my swollen cock. It was every bit as large as any erection I’ve ever had.  I thought it was beautiful to see my cock sliding in and out of my love’s fully expanded o-ring.  It didn’t take long feeling her sensational, loving squeeze on my cock to have me on the brink of cumming.“That’s an amazing reward!” I moaned as I pumped my semen into the depths of her rectum.“Maybe you ladies should have a day out more often.” I laughed as I continued slowly thrusting.  I pushed out any remaining cum and enjoyed the concluding moments of another glorious romp in Kate’s backside.After showering up, we cuddled and discussed the wonderful events of the night.  Kate told me that she felt an “urge like pee” when she was cumming earlier. I felt a little disappointed.  Kate has never squirted, but you can imagine it’s on the list of things I would love to achieve.  We have talked about it, but I’m not sure she buys into it being real, having never experienced it.  Kate knows she has a green light to pee into my mouth anyway, having given me numerous fillups in the past.  I don’t know why she didn’t just let herself go. She knows I would gladly take whatever she gave to me, regardless of what it was.  We’ll have to continue trying to reach the squirting milestone.At any rate, the four-point bondage restraint is highly recommended for anyone interested. It’s led to lots of intense pussy eating since.  Kate has also, on a couple of occasions, used it to restrain me while sucking me off or rimming me.  Though we enjoy restraint, we don’t really have any dom/sub roles or get carried away in that direction.  Best to all, whatever your particular inclinations are.*This is an affiliate link. Full disclosure here.