Greg has been gone for three whole days. It’s the longest we have been apart.  I sit here alone as a winter storm is pounding away. I’m glad I can’t see it as it would surely make my anxiety soar higher than it is.My phone and internet are not working because of the storm, so I have not spoken to Greg since yesterday. At least, I think it was yesterday; I’m not sure of the time.  My days and nights have blended together. Ugh, why don’t we have any clocks but digital ones in this house?!But when my scheduled routine is off, it sets me into a whirlwind of emotions, confusion, fear, and loneliness.  I miss my love.  He can center me and calm my soul.I feel exhausted and choose to take a hot bath to help relax.  Running my hands over my body, I picture Greg in my mind’s eye. This only builds my emotions, and I break down in tears—a mini-tantrum.The nearby church bells chimes twelve times, so I think it’s midnight, but I am not sure.  Calling out to Alexa, I ask for the time, but of course, “she” doesn’t respond.I step out of the bath, dry off, and pull on my robe. My meds would help me sleep, but my voice-activated pill dispenser will not hear my command. My mind is so scrambled, and I am unsure which bin they are in.I start to cry again, and I feel a cold breeze, soon followed by two arms wrapping around me, hugging and squeezing me.  His voice, my love’s voice, trys to calm me and give me the security I so very much need.  Pulling me to stand up, he turns me to face him. His fingers wipe the tears from my cheeks, and his hands cup and hold my face.Greg presses his lips against my trembling ones, and he slowly slides his tongue into my mouth. I draw him in deeply, moaning through our kiss and as I feel him pull me tight against him. My robe is open and my big, bare breasts are crushed against his jacket.  I can feel his hardness growing as my belly presses tight against him.His hands push my robe off my shoulders, and it falls to the floor as we kiss with unbridled passion.  Carrying me in his arms and laying me softly on our bed, he cups and squeezes my breasts. He moves to pinch and twist my nipple as he lies beside me.  Kissing down my neck and breast, he draws my nipple deeply into his mouth as his teeth gently bite. He holds my nipple as his tongue flicks over it fast.I run my fingers through his hair and pull him tighter.“Please, baby, please don’t stop! More, please, baby. More!”Taking my cue, Greg slides his hand down my belly. His touch is amazing and sends shivers through my body.  I spread my legs as his hand slides over my smooth, hot, wet, pussy. His fingers slide through my folds, and I moan and gasp. Parting my lips, he slides two fingers deep up into my pussy. I cry out in pleasure, and my body shakes as he works his fingers in and out and moves them in circles as his thumb presses and rubs my clit hard.“Yes, yes, baby. It’s so good!” I’m grinding and lifting up to meet his thrusting fingers as they slap wetly against my body. My nectar starts to flow.“Yes. Yes… I’m cuming, baby!” My body shakes and my pussy tingles as my nectar gushes from me.His fingers still work me as he slides up, kissing my neck. He whispers, “Let it go, baby. Let it go.”At once, I suck in a deep breath and sink into the bed.Greg pulls away from me. I feel him stand, and I wish I could see my handsome husband as he undresses. The bed moves as he climbs between my legs, grabs my knees, and pushes me wide open.My body is vibrating, and I pant as my hand reaches out and wraps around his big, fat cock. I pull him to my pussy. We both moan as I rub him up and down my slit before he slowly pushes inch by inch into my pussy. I cry out and arch up as he fills me to my core.Greg slides fully in and out with each powerful thrust, going harder and faster each time.  My breasts are bouncing wildly as he fucks me so hard and beautifully. I grab them and pinch and pull my nipples.  Then, pulling them to my mouth, I lick and suck each one in turn.“Baby, yes. Baby, make me cum. Yes!”As Greg pounds me faster, my body shakes wildly, eyes fluttering, and then I go limp. My nectar gushes and squirts out of me with each thrust.As he let’s out a loud groan, Greg’s cock pulses. My pussy spasms, squeezing and milking his cock as he explodes in me.  His hot cum shoots into me, over and over, filling me to my core.