(A) – This story contains anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.“Tonight it’s me and your cock!” I demanded.I sometimes get that unusual urge to rock a cock, and I wanted to do a perfect job of it tonight.I could see Rob’s dick rising through his shorts, and there was no need for me to get undressed, as I was already laying naked above the sheets. My finger was firmly inserted in my engorged pussy, and with another I urgently stimulated my clit.Married couples have nothing to hide from each other, so I just carried on till I broke into an intense orgasm.Rob was delighted with my show. Throughout my display, he had gradually removed his shorts and was now busy stroking his erection.“Wow,” I breathed as I saw the full length of his cock, protruding and ooozing pre-cum, almost dripping like he had cum already.“Now that’s how I like it!” I remarked. “I want your cock.” I had a plan in mind, and I knew this trick was going to work.“Will you make it to round three tonight?” I asked teasingly.He laughed, “Well it depends on the gap you give me after each round!”“No sweat, we’re going to have a party!”I knew exactly what I wanted, but Rob was unaware of what I had in mind. As he prepared himself to mount me and pound my pussy, I stopped him. “No no, that’s round two,” I said. “Not yet. First is number one.”Without even warning him, I turned sideways on the bed, lifted one leg up, and displayed my beautiful rose bud to him. This is one of those special occasions where I get really nasty. So with vulgarity in my voice, I screamed, “ FUCK MY ASS!”Oh my word, Rob climbed over me so quickly. After applying lube as fast as possible, he pressed himself against my pucker, and with as horny and ready as I was, he slipped right in. Within moments, I was fully relaxed with his cock fully anally penetrating me.Rob went slowly at first, but suddenly he was rocking me back and forth. My tits bounced about as he fucked me really fast and deep, and I felt another orgasm build up in me.“I am ready!” I cried. “Shoot that cum deep in my ass!”I shouted as I felt his cock swell and unload tons of cum into me. It was such a dirty place for him to cum, but I was so horny I couldn’t help myself.As we came down from our climaxes, he slowly softened and pulled out. I began to feel a little pain from him fucking my delicate back door so hard, but it wasn’t too bad—just enough to be a reminder of our passionate and naughty encounter.His cum began leaking out, making my rosebud and crack as wet as my soaked pussy. Rob climbed off me, and we both ran to the bathroom to clean ourselves up. After a brief shower together, we dried off and went back to bed. It was good to feel nice, clean and fresh after the shower! I gave Rob some time to recovery and recharge for round two as we chatted about things other than sex.I made us some coffee and we just relaxed together. Of course, I stayed completely starkers, and Rob dressed in only a clean pair of shorts.Suddenly, a familiar urge for masturbation came into my mind, and without thinking twice, I let my fingers wander onto to my clit and deep inside my vagina. Rob was once again quickly overwhelmed with arousal, and he released his cock, which was sufficiently rock-hard and ready.I whispered to him, “It’s time for Round Two.” I went on all fours and presented my ass to him, and he immediately know what to do. We were both ready to go, so he slid easily into my pussy and immediately started fucking me doggy style. He pounded me hard and held onto my hips for dear life so we could stay connected. Rob was at his best, because he quickly brought me to a bursting orgasm.He then turned me around and mounted me in missionary. We kissed some, but my breasts were his focus, and he sucked my nipples hard. Just then I screamed “NOW,” and Rob’s sperm squirted deep in my pussy.We writhed together in pleasure, and when it was all done, we lay still in our mutual post-=orgasmic warmth. After a few minutes, we de-coupled and dashed to the bathroom. For the second time we cleaned ourselves thoroughly, then hopped back into bed.“What’s come over you?” Rob asked.I smiled “It’s just one of those special feelings.”We once again moved the conversation away from sex and went down to the kitchen for a small bite of chocolate biscuits and more coffee. It was late into the night already, but we decided to relax and watch a movie.When the movie was over an hour and a half later, Rob called it a night and switched the TV off. I followed him to the bedroom, but we still ended up chatting for another hour, and during much of that time I was stroking my clit. Rob eventually noticed it and couldn’t resist. Judging by the hardened cock he revealed, he had removed his shorts again and was ready for more.To make things more exciting, he went face down on my swollen pussy and started eating me out. The “eating out” going on at my pussy is something I certainly enjoy better than any eating out we do at a restaurant!It was time to crack into my last goal. It was now Round Three, which meant it was time to use my third hole and give him a blowjob!I turned him around into a position that gave our encounter a little flair! He continued eating my pussy as we adjusted into 69 with him on top. As Rob dug into my pussy and nibbled at my clit, I was being penetrated fully with up and down strokes of a shaft in my mouth. At times, Rob went so deep that I had to relax my throat to prevent a gag.Because of having indulged in so much sex, it was easy for me to cum, but Rob took a long time. But finally, as my mouth gurgled with saliva and pre cum, Rob gave one last hard thrust and came in my mouth. To my surprise, even though it was his third time cumming in me that night, it was still a mouthful!His cock slowly relaxed in my mouth as I hungrily sucked out and swallowed all the cum he would give me.As we untangled, we were both exhausted. There was little cleanup to do this time, so we just did a quick wipe of a towel before falling asleep almost immediately.In the morning, I could still taste the sweetness of his sperm.We both knew evenings like that were so tiring that we wouldn’t be able to manage it often, but it was an amazing experience, so I promised him we would try it again some other time when we had the opportunity.