Hi, readers. Guy and Bluegrassbabe here. We want to share one of our memories that always inspires great sex for us every time we recall it.Some years ago, I was invited as a guest speaker in the next state, about four hours away.  They had provided a quaint B&B for our overnight stay, about 20 minutes from the event. The audience was awesome and very receptive. They seemed to enjoy the humorous stories and moving content of my presentation that night, and I was encouraged as I saw my wife’s smiles of approval as I spoke. I was somewhat distracted a few times, though, when she would intentionally show more of her gorgeous legs under the dinner table, I guess to throw me off—the rascal.Afterward, as we drove to the next town and the B&B, we laughed at those distractions and enjoyed the scenic views of the countryside. Holding my hand, she told me that watching me on the platform in my new blue suit, capturing the audience’s attention, actually turned her on. Of course I was glad to hear it, but then she pursued the thought.As she reached over to stroke my thigh, I felt my dick begin to swell, and she grinned seductively and told me how badly she wanted me to ravish her when we got to our room.  Wow… that enticed me even more.She was erotically graphic about what she wanted, painting a picture of passionate, multi-position, unbridled sex. She teased me by sharing her fantasy of me “taking” her on the stairway before we even made it to the room at the B&B! I told her how hot it was to hear her describe her deepest desires. It was turning into an unusually erotic evening that we cherish to this day.I fastened my eyes on her movements as she slowly pulled her dress up to her waist, seductively staring into my eyes as she revealed her beautiful, tan legs. She slipped her high heels off and skillfully stroked her thighs.I didn’t say anything, wondering what she might be going to do next.  As she continued to express her cravings, she put her hand down her lacy panties and began to slowly pleasure herself. I was having trouble keeping my eyes on the road, and my erection nearly burst my zipper!Soon, she was moaning, expressing rare expletives, and working her clitoris feverishly. Her legs slightly trembled, and eventually, she made herself climax. I wanted to be inside her so freakin’ bad!Her panties were wet after her self-pleasuring; I told her to take them off and give them to me. She smiled and gladly complied.Her aroma is an aphrodisiac to me, and I clutched them in my hand the rest of the way to our B&B. The anticipation was mounting intensely, my imagination running wild at her sexual suggestions.We tried to gather our composure and made our way into the house. It was late and quiet, and she walked seductively in front of me. Knowing she had nothing on under her dress tweaked my desire for her as she took the steps ahead of me and continued up the stairs inside to our room.I stopped her halfway up and began kissing the back of her neck. When I slipped my hand under her dress, she sighed with approval, slightly trembling as she stood on the step above mine. I loved it when she pushed her butt against me, signaling she liked my exploring touch.Working my way under her dress from behind, my hand slid up between her thighs, and I slowly pushed my finger into her moist pussy. She responded by working her hips in pleasure, whispering a moan, and welcoming my first penetration into her treasure.I was so hard it almost hurt, and believe me, it was very obvious. It was a good thing no one was around because I couldn’t have hidden it.Then she reached behind and caressed my bulge, and I’ll never forget her whisper, as she said she wished I would “f” her right there on the stairway! Needless to say, my heart jumped at the thought.Well, that night went very well… I mean really well! And it culminated in about two hours of raw, passionate sex in our room. I carried her panties with me all the way back home to inspire me. And every time I pulled them out of my pocket, we laughed at how wild that night went.Maybe the next memory we share will be about our “stairway” experience at home just two nights later. You see, that wasn’t the last time stairs were a part of her fantasy.