We hold to the saying that “Love finds a way.” This is true in our everyday life together as a married couple with challenges… but it’s true in our lovemaking as well. We have had some crazy good sex together over the 30 or so years of our sexy marriage. MH introduced us to role-play sex and that’s been awesome to do together from time to time. But “regular sex” can be wonderful too. So here is what happened this morning.We got up early today (Tuesday). Yesterday my wife had an early morning PT appointment so we missed our scheduled lovemaking day. Cum to think of it, something came up Sunday and THAT was our original scheduled sex day. So, we were 5 days out from our last PIV sex session. For us, that’s kinda a long gap.I had teased my wife last night & the night before because her silky PJ top was sooooo sexy with its soft fabric and deep V-neckline that showed off her beautiful cleavage. I asked her to wear that top when we had sex this morning.We couldn’t make love Sunday morning but my Melody had bared each boobie – one at a time – out the deep V-neck of her sexy PJ top – so I could feast on her tantalizing titties! Then she’d loved on my man-nips as we took turns pumping me to a nice orgasm.We usually do this on off days but we had NOT “fixed my problem” yesterday. So when I took my pre-sex shower I had some serious blue balls. (Ouch!)But I knew relief was cumming shortly. (Whew!)As I came to the bed I was pleased to see that sexy/silky pajama top on my wife. She had nothing else on. Her voluptuous breasts filled that PJ top nicely – with ample cleavage.I kissed her & thanked her for wearing the top, then I pointed out our fully charged “buffet of love” on my nightstand, (our favorite vibrators & other sex toys that I had charged overnight). I handed Melody her warm-up toy, a mini wand that helps get her going. She trapped it between her lovely smooth legs. The head of the vibrator was right on her clitty!Melody & I soon were kissing deeply as I fondled Melody’s silk-covered boobs. We eventually stopped because we finally had to cum up for air. Tongue tango is my favorite dance! Those intense kisses advertised that my wife “had it bad!” I knew she was going to cum fast once I had given her “her present.”Actually, Melody calls my cum – & I quote, “My present in my puuuussssy!”Anyway, she soon bared each tittie in turn for our mutual pleasure. Then she lifted up her top to just above her ample and awesome breasts. I palmed the breast and squeezed the nipple that I wasn’t orally loving with tongue flicks, kissing, and suckling.Yes, this felt beyond awesome to both of us!She ordered me to roll over. “My turn to have some fun!” she said with a wicked & lustful smile. You see, she loves stimulating my man-nips as much as I love loving on her bounteous breasts!I pumped my pole as Melody played with my sac as she sucked & tongued my nips. I dang near came!She finally rolled back over onto her back & I nibbled her nips a little more. Then I applied some “Creamsicle” AKA Orange Cream AloeCadabra to the very hard nipples of both of her tender breasts. Then with one knee on the bed and one foot on the floor, I pumped my rod as my glans rubbed on her titty.“Does that feel good?” I asked.“Yes!” she answered in her husky-turned-on sex voice. We did this until she insisted I follow our rule: “If you can, you should.” Then she begged, “I want you in my puuusssy! Now!” And she thrust her pelvis like I was already inside her.“Do you want my big dick to fuck & make love to your pussy?”“Yes!” she whispered in her endearing way – like she’s embarrassed to admit how much she wants to be pussy pounded.Now, this is a true experience I am relating. So I’ll remind you that we are older adults with more health problems than I’ve ever really mentioned on MH. But we firmly believe that with help from God, “love finds a way!” So here is what happened next.I kneeled between Melody’s open legs and rubbed my tip in a teasing way up and down her vulva & clitoris.“You’re teasing me,” she complained with a smile and a sexy giggle.So I briefly slid into her treasure cave. But the angle was uncomfortable for her today. And I was getting out of breath in that man on top position..So I got ready to slide down to put us into our go-to “X position.” It puts me at a right angle to her but my cock lines up with her hungry pussy. “Time to feed the kitty?” I asked.“Mmmm hmmm!” Melody purred.We switched to an iVibe looped handle vibe and I assumed my part of the X position.But I’d laid down on my oxygen tubing. The dang thing is uncomfortable and cold. By the time I got it out from under me my erection (that HAD been very hard & full) was now waning some.Nevertheless, I tried sliding into Melody’s leaky pussy. (I’d applied coconut oil and AloeCadabra Lube to her pussy right before we even kissed. And with her added juices from her sexually aroused state her pussy was wet and waiting. But to no avail at first.I knew that her tits are the power to my penis. So I slid up to her left side and began feasting. She kept buzzing her clit and adjacent pussy. She is so beautiful when we make love! I see a beautiful & sexy young adult when she and I make love! In less than a minute I was hard again. But I lost just a little hardness as I slid down to resume our favorite sex position.“Play with your tits!” I requested. She willingly did so although she insisted that I do it better.  I love watching her play with her nipples.  (I like watching her buzzing her pussy too.)I lay there pumping my rod and my erection quickly resumed close to full power. But when my fairly hard dick entered her pussy she clamped down on my cock in her Kegal hug.“You’re giving me the ultimate hug, aren’t you?” I asked rather rhetorically.“Yes I am!” she said in her raspy sex-voice.My dick immediately responded and as I began thrusting slowly pretty soon I was hard as obsidian… and I was fucking her hard and fast. It WAS a pussy pounding. Which Melody really likes.“If you can you should!” she reminded me – after a very pleasant while.   She wanted me to come.  She wanted her present too!“I love fucking your beautiful pussy!” I cried out and before long a fantastic orgasm took over my body! I kept fucking her while each electric erotic spurt pumped HER full of a LOT of my cum.“Mmmmm!” she said. “I like my present deep in my pussy!”I slid out and scooped up some cum from her cum-leaking cunt. And I rubbed it on her left nipple and dived in face-first with gusto! The creamsickle flavoring with coconut oil & cum made it a delicious taste of protein shake. Melody rarely will admit it but this REALLY turns her on!  She was still buzzing her clitoris with the bullet vibe.I said a prayer in my mind that my beautiful kind wife would be able to cum. The funny thing was that it was less than 5 seconds after my prayer when HER body jerked like an earthquake. I don’t think I’d ever seen and felt her jerk that hard as she came. Remember I was eating her tits at the time.  We felt a hard aftershock from a previous earthquake.  The earthquake had felt like a semi-truck had run into our house.  But just now, when her orgasm hit her, Melody had jerked like that earthquake had jerked our house.  She told me thank you and that she had just experienced a monster orgasm.We cuddled and talked until she again loved on my nips as I used “Julia” our male vibrating masturbator on my dick. Melody likes to talk for Julia. “I was waiting for MY turn,” Melody said for Julia. “I love having your big penis up in my pussy!  I want your semen up in my puuussy!”Needless to say, I soon had another big O.  It was different from my orgasm in her pussy,  but it was still amazingly intense and pleasurable!So in spite of our numerous health challenges, we still find ways to adapt. Our lovemaking sessions are not the same as they once were. Our sexual intercourse is of far less duration than when we first married… we don’t have simultaneous orgasms that often, like we used to have nearly every time… but somehow the whole lovemaking sessions are even more fulfilling.This “regular sex session” did not include any oral but we do that sometimes too. As regular MH readers know, Melody gives me the gift of oral loving on holidays, birthdays, anniversaries, and sometimes even as a surprise. When I give her oral as foreplay it seems to always help her cum after her pussy has been filled. But THIS sex session was also a fulfilling lovemaking session with the things we were able to do and DID do.We hope you find this true story inspiring and that for people younger than us – it gives you hope for the future. Of course, we hope it is inspiring to other seniors as well.Shout out to OldMarriedCouple! Your MH story today called “Saturday Night Shower Fun” helped me to decide to share THIS story.And thank you Heavenly Father for helping us to continue to have love find a way!”Final Note:  We really have had times when the sex was over the top crazy and hot.  That has included vacation sex, massage sex sessions, role-play sex, and outdoor sex.  We do many sex acts on and with each other.  Those are very memorable.  I have written up many of the more recent ones for Marriage Heat.  But I really want to say that our “regular sex” sessions are still beautiful, erotic, and still very fulfilling.