Dellai (pronounced del-LIE) took another step forward, her eyes fixed seductively on the man tied to his chair.  At the same time, she deliberately untied her knotted crop top.“You like looking, don’t you?” she said in a tone which was meant to be a taunt, but which couldn’t hide her sensual desire.  “And I thought cops were goody-goodies.”Witt swallowed as she came closer.  He could plainly see the undersides of her pert breasts and the vision was making him hard as steel.  It was embarrassing to say the least, especially since he couldn’t utilize his hands and try to hide his arousal.  He knew his heavy breathing was obvious because his captors had ripped off his shirt.“I’m doing a job, ma’am,” he gritted out, trying to keep himself controlled.“Ma’am! Now aren’t you polite!” she chuckled, her hips swinging in clearly sexual movements.  Her skirt was short and tight.  “For a cop who’s got himself into a mess like this, you’re kinda cheeky.”“Look, Miss…did you say it was Dellai?” Witt began.“Yeah.  Short for Delilah.  You know who she was, don’t you? I figured a Christian cop would.  My parents knew exactly what they were doing when they named me,” and Dellai lowered her eyelids and focused on his mouth.“You and your friends are about to see some justice,” he warned.  “My department has all the evidence to take you in.”Dellai shrugged one eyebrow.  “Ricky will know what to do.  We got you, for starters.”  She stopped just as her knees touched his.  “It’s too bad we’re on opposite sides of…well, everything.  You’re a pretty sexy guy.”  Her eyes walked over him so potently that he could feel it.  “Of course, we might be able to work something out.”Witt felt his face get hot.  He got her meaning.  And he had no clue what to do next.Officer Witt Kovak couldn’t believe he’d gotten into this.  Him, a police officer of fifteen years! He’d tracked this ring of con artists to their hideout and got a surprise welcome when they caught him.  Now here he was, sitting in a chilly basement with one light fixture, his arms jerked back and his wrists tied to the back of his chair.  Actually he didn’t mind the chill so much; it was summer and he’d been sweating like the dickens in his starched shirt and slacks.  But a couple of present circumstances were aiding in a continuation of that annoying perspiration.  One was the uncertainty of his immediate future.  These crooks could get nasty.  The other was the hot woman standing there with a knife.The fact that her name was Delilah didn’t help matters.  Nor did his traitorous male hormones that were over-boiling every time he looked at her.  He tried not looking, but she pricked his neck with the tip of the knife and quickly changed his mind on that.  He was glad of one thing: he wasn’t married and thus couldn’t be unfaithful to a wife.  But he hated the idea of getting trapped into sexual activity with someone he wasn’t married to, and worse, a young woman likely headed for jail.  She was just so…he wasn’t sure how to describe her.  She lacked the crudeness of most female criminals and could easily pass for a cultured person.  Her hair was dark, almost black, her eyes large and brown, her body slim and feminine.  And she was definitely someone comfortable with her sexuality.  She covertly rubbed her thighs together, intimating that she was tense and hot in her core.  The move made Witt’s groin throb.Suddenly she came close and straddled him, planting herself on his lap just inches from his hard shaft.  With one hand on his shoulder, she used the flat of the knife’s blade to caress his jawline.“I haven’t had a man in over a week,” she confided huskily, “and you’re a fine specimen of a man if I ever saw one.  Tanned and muscular, just what girls like.  The girls do chase you, don’t they? I bet you take some lucky chick to bed on your days off.”Witt could hardly talk, he was so flustered.  Though he knew he should be nervous, he was more excited and desperate, every sense wide awake and heavily stimulated by this attractive woman.“You going to rape me?” he finally managed.She flashed him a sultry smile, then moved in and touched her soft lips to his cheek and jaw.  “A thin gal like me raping a brawny cop? That’s ridiculous.”  When she finished speaking, she ground against his thigh.  Witt could feel that she was making his pant leg damp and it filled him with unbearable lust.“Dellai, stop, please,” he begged, his voice exasperated and yet full of need.  “This won’t get you anything.”“Won’t it?” she asked, looking him right in the eye.  To his surprise, she folded her knife and set it aside, then smoothed her palms over his bare chest.  He quivered at her warm touch.  “Officer, how about if I say I’m willing to be a very good girl for you?”“You mean buy my silence with your body,” he said tightly, though his eyes drifted to her half-exposed torso and the low neck of her shirt.  His hands were writhing behind him in their roped imprisonment.“I could let you go,” she hinted, nibbling at his neck.  He shut his eyes.  Her mouth felt good on him.  He jumped when her fingers stroked over his hardness.  “You want it as bad as I do.  You want me.  And I can make it really good.  Then I’ll let you walk out of here.”“I’ll take my chances with Ricky,” Witt answered with a valiant attempt at boldness.Dellai laughed brassily.  “One thing you must have overlooked on your research: Ricky’s a killer.  No one’s ever gotten enough proof.  He’s not letting you leave this house alive.”Now Witt went sober, his heart thudding and his brain muddled with sexual hunger and panic.  He was a sitting duck.  Once Dellai’s associate came back, there was no escape.She was actively massaging his cock over his pants and a groan broke from his throat involuntarily.  Her kisses continued softly blooming on his neck and collarbone.  “Say you want me.  Just once, mister.  I want a guy to want me.”The words, as well as the more serious tone, caught him.  “I thought you had plenty of guys.”Again she laughed and it was bitter.  “That type just wants sex.”“That’s what you’re demanding from me,” he argued.Tentatively she reached out and ran her fingers through his dark hair.  “We’ve known for a while that you were tailing us.  So I did my research on you.  I liked what I read.  Maybe you’re a religious nut and too good for anyone.  But I heard you were a decent guy.  So I figured I’d take a chance with you.”  She was pulling at the buttons on his pants as she spoke.  “I made a deal, Officer.  Love me and I’ll help you escape.”“It’s not…this isn’t love, Dellai,” he remonstrated, trembling as she pressed close and her breasts cushioned against his pecs.“It’s enough for now,” she whispered.  “You’ve gotten me all crazy,” and bending close she met his lips with hers.The kiss set him on fire and he couldn’t help responding, voraciously claiming her lips and tongue with deep, heated strokes.  She freed his erect manhood with some difficulty because he couldn’t move for her to slip his pants down.  Once he was exposed, she lifted her skirt.  Witt immediately saw her thong.  It was damp and she was pulling it aside.  Then she straddled him again, humping his bare dick.“Oh my goodness…” Witt groaned, head falling back.“Yes, handsome.  It’s good, isn’t it? You’ve been dying for this.  I can tell from how hard you are,” Dellai whispered as she slid along his hot length.  Her juices were making him slick.“Dellai…” Witt tried once more to remonstrate, but couldn’t.  He was desperate to release the pressure in his groin.Dellai made a deft move with her hand and he was inside her.  She exhaled a lengthy breath as she settled on him and he gasped.  Then she began a fierce ride, up and down and in circles on his cock.“Good…grief! Oh my…word!” Witt, who’d never cursed in his life, was having a tough time keeping back expletives as his brain shut down in drunken pleasure.  This woman knew how to ride a guy and if she kept it up, he might lose his sanity.She bounced her butt on his thighs as she slid on his rod, her hands linked behind his neck and her eyes flashing while she looked at him.  “You like this.  Say you like it, mister.  Come on, admit it! You like a girl’s wet cunt hugging your dick.”“Yes! Okay, yes!” he choked out.  This was going to be the fastest lovemaking on record.  Her tight heat was milking his throbbing penis beyond anything bearable.  He could climax any second.Evidently she sensed it and slowed down for a minute, allowing him to get a breath.  But she kept her gaze on his face.  He had to confess that her eyes were beautiful, so womanly with their long lashes.  When she came close to kiss him, he didn’t resist.  Her mouth was too hot, too tempting.“You’re a good kisser,” she praised in a low tone, still riding him rhythmically.  “But I’m not surprised.  You make a girl feel good, too, with that nice thick cock.  Sex with you is better than anything I’ve had with anyone else.  It’ll be hard to see you go.”  She licked his jaw.  “Maybe…we could meet up again sometime.  In secret.”Witt had shut his eyes as he let his genitals think for him.  There seemed no choice but to accept this moment of carnality.  But her suggestion made him look at her.  “This is a one-time thing, Dellai,” he reminded her.Smiling wickedly, she picked up speed and wildly humped him.  The feeling of her warm insides tugging at his meat and the sound of her breathy gasps almost sent him over.  He manfully pulled air into his lungs.“You really want it to be a one-time thing?” she asked huskily.He grimaced, his lower belly taut as she pressed against him erotically.  She knew just how to stimulate his whole groin.  “No,” he groaned.“I think you like me taking charge,” she went on.  “You like feeling a woman’s body dance on your lap with that luscious cock inside her.  You don’t want to let me stop and let me go.  You’re absolutely dying to let loose and pump your hot load up into me.  Don’t you, handsome?” and she suddenly tightened around him and her eyes rolled back while she briefly shrieked in orgasm.At her words and then her abrupt climax, Witt spiraled out of his senses and felt himself explode.  “Nnnnggg…yeeeeeeeesss…oh yeah…yes!” His hands bit into her soft waist as his belly clenched and his penis spewed its milky liquid in five huge spurts.“That’s it! Yeah, I can feel it! You’re so sexy, Officer Kovak,” Dellai gushed, her voice weak but satisfied.  “Feel all that nice warm cum inside me? It’ll be dripping out in a minute.”Witt fought to get his breath, still amazed at the power of his orgasm.Dellai lifted herself, though her legs trembled, and his softening rod fell out.  Behind it came a flood of semen.  She scooped some up, met his eye, and licked her fingers deliberately.“Oh good grief!” Witt’s head fell back again and he laughed slightly.  “Dellai, I can only take so much.”She smiled now, a real smile that made her truly beautiful.  “How did I do as the beautiful con?”“You were…” He paused to think of the right word as his eyes roved over her damp face and heaving breasts.  “You were glorious.  That was awesome.  I really enjoyed setting up the scene and playing we weren’t married.”“I’d had that plot in my head for a while,” she admitted, settling herself back on his thighs and wrapping her arms around his neck.  “You always look so hot in your uniform that I wanted to incorporate it into our sexy time.  Do I make a good bad girl?”“A very good bad girl,” he grinned, catching her lips in a kiss.  “I didn’t know you could be such a seductress.”“It’s hard not to when I’ve got this handsome, brawny cop for a husband,” she rejoined archly, giving him her lips for another kiss.  “I guess I’d better untie you now.  But I’m sure I’ll be conning you again one of these days.”Witt smiled, feeling his pelvis tighten.  That sounded really good to him.