This post contains strong language (L) and includes anal play (A).Over the last few months my wife, Lucy, started feeling increased dryness in her vagina, and intercourse began to become painful. As these feelings increased, she realized that this was part of how her body was reacting to menopause. The idea of menopause made Lucy a little sad, but I told her that she would always be the wonderful, funny, kind, beautiful—and incredibly sexy—woman I fell in love with. But we wanted to find a solution so that sex didn’t hurt.Nancy consulted her doctor, who prescribed medication that could counteract some of the issues she was dealing with; however, when we read the list of potential side effects, we quickly realized that we were not comfortable with that approach. Back to square one!During this time, we adjusted our romantic rhythms, replacing penetrative sex with other options. Typically, our nights would begin with mutual touching. Lucy would often lie on her side while I spooned her from behind. I would cup her breasts and push my cock against her glorious ass.Soon she would be moaning, and I would take that as a sign that she was ready for me to start playing with her clit. Lucy would then reach behind her to start fondling my firm member, her fingers dancing along my balls and gripping my shaft.After that, it might progress in various ways. Some nights we kept like that until we both came, my face nuzzled in Lucy’s neck. Other nights, I would move down to taste her juicy pussy, holding her moist lips open while I explored her with my mouth and tongue. She always wanted to reciprocate, but some nights I just wanted to give her pleasure, feeling great love as her hips bucked and she clamped her thighs around my head.Still other nights, Lucy took control, flipping me on my back and straddling me, sitting up straight while she gathered her curly auburn hair in a bun, then reached down to pinch her nipples while she slowly dragged her pussy along my shaft—keeping me from entering her, but letting her pussy stay in control.It was during one of these sessions when Lucy said, “God, I miss your cock in me. You are so hard. I want you filling my pussy.”I started doing some research and eventually came across a site that sold vibrators and lubricants geared toward menopausal women. There were lots of positive testimonials. I ordered a set and waited for it to arrive.When the box came, I placed it under Lucy’s pillow. She came home from work, and I made dinner. (I work from home, so cooking is my purview.) Then we spent quality time with the boys, and a few hours later, it was time for bed.Lucy put on her basic nighttime outfit—flannel PJ bottoms and a faded cotton T-shirt—and I slipped out of my jeans and stood in my boxers by the side of the bed. Lucy looked at me.“What are you waiting for?” she asked.I smiled. “I think you have a present waiting for you.”Lucy looked confused. For a second she stared at my crotch, but I shook my head and gestured toward her pillow. She picked it up and saw the packaging.“What is this?” she asked, and soon became lost in the descriptions. “You got this for me? So sex won’t hurt so much?”“Well, I got it for US,” I replied. “I’m not a totally uninterested party in this, you know.”Lucy came around to my side of the bed and gave me a huge hug. “I know. And I love you so much for being so patient with this.”“You make it easy,” I told her. “Remember our anniversary?”Lucy smiled. “That 69 session was so hot,” she said. “But I still want us to have the option of straightforward fucking!”She opened the box and took outa white vibrator*it wasn’t very thick, but it had an attractive shape. Lucy wasn’t used to sex objects, so this one looked right down her alley.“Oh, this looks nice,” she cooed. “Can we try it out?”Luckily, I had had the forethought to charge the vibrator before putting it back in the box. “We sure can,” I said.“But first you need to help get me ready,” Lucy answered. “What do you want to do?”Lucy and I sat facing each other on the bed. “I want you to show me your perfect tits,” I growled.Lucy stroked the front of her shirt. It was soft and faded and worn enough so her erect nipples were readily visible through the fabric. “I’m sorry I’m wearing this frumpy outfit,” she said.“It’s hot,” I told her. “Anything is hot when you’re wearing it.”Lucy smiled. Her hazel eyes sparkled. “You make me feel hot,” she said. Her fingers circled her nipples, pinching them through the cotton. “And… oooh… my perfect breasts… they feel so good.”My cock was now stiff and poking up through my boxers. I reached down to fondle it distractedly while my attention stayed focused on Lucy.“Do you like watching me rub my tits?” she asked. “Let me get rid of this shirt so you can see them.”She crossed her arms and pulled her shirt off in one fluid motion, then tossed it in the corner and faced me with a smile. She winked toward my firm cock.“Ooooo… You are getting excited, too! Can you cup your balls for me? I love watching you get yourself off.”I moved my hand from the shaft of my penis and reached into my boxers to cup my balls. I moaned a little.Lucy scooted toward me on the bed and pushed her chest out toward me. I accepted the offering and began to suckle her nipples, licking them and biting softly as I kept playing with myself.Soon Lucy’s breathing became labored and she moved a hand to her panties. She pushed them aside and started to play with her clit.“Uh… yeah… I think I might be ready for that thing,” she moaned.I handed her the bottle of lube and she squirted a healthy dollop on her palm, then started to rub her pussy until her entire vagina was glistening. She leaned back and spread her legs, using two fingers to pry open her pussy lips.“See how wet I am already,” she said. “This anticipation has me so aroused!”She took the massager and turned it on. With a light hum, it started up. Lucy looked at me, then placed the tip on her clit. Her eyes grew wide.“Oh, wow!” She gasped. She closed her eyes and kept the vibrator at her clit, moving her hips back and forth. Eventually, she started to shudder and I knew the first wave of orgasms had hit her.“That was amazing,” she sighed. “But it’s not what we came to do! Onward.”With a wink, Lucy moved the tip of the wand from her clit down toward her vaginal opening. She inserted it slowly, then turned it on again and quickly shot me a startled expression. “Oh! Oh! Oh!”“What is it?” I asked. “Are you OK?”“I haven’t felt anything like this. This sensation feels amazing.” She settled back into the pillows. “I could get used to this.”Lucy stared deeply into my eyes. “Will you come close and watch me use this wand to play with myself? I want your face close to my pussy so I can feel your presence.”I positioned myself so that my cheek was against Lucy’s thigh. I had a perfect view of the vibrator as Lucy pushed it slowly into her waiting folds, deeper each time, and then gently pulled out, only to repeat the motion. I kissed her thighs.After a few minutes, Lucy stopped. “That feels wonderful, but I want to try something else. Here, help me out.”She handed me the wand and flipped over on her stomach, raising herself on her hands and knees so her ass was sticking up in the air. From this vantage point, I could see how much her pussy was dripping. I smelled the wand and stroked myself some more.Lucy looked over her shoulder at me. “I want to try it this way,” she said. “But I want you to hold that thing and guide it into my pussy.” She pushed her ass out again and I positioned the tip of the wand at her moist folds, then slowly pushed it about four inches in and turned it on. Lucy moaned, and I pushed it in even further, slowly moving it in and out. With my other hand, I played with Lucy’s clit.Lucy rocked her hips back and forth and bit her lip while she pushed her hair away from her face. “Oh, fuck,” she moaned. “This feels perfect. Don’t stop.”I kept the rhythm the same, and after a little bit, I moved from fingering Lucy’s clit to playing with her asshole—timing my fingering so it was in sync with the wand going deep in her pussy.The combination of the vibrator and my gentle anal fingering soon put Lucy over the edge. She reached between her legs and started to rub her clit, then pulled her hand away and sucked her juices from her fingers.She turned to me. “Leave that thing inside me and come over so I can taste your salty cock.”She carefully scooted down the bed and turned so she could face me as I got up. I stood beside the bed, admiring Lucy as she reached behind herself to grab hold of the wand and opened her mouth to accept my offered cock. She licked the tip and sucked my shaft until I could handle no more. I came in bursts and groaned.Lucy came, too, and after a minute she gently removed the wand from her soaking pussy.“We didn’t get to try regular sex,” she said. “I’m sorry.”“I think that’s something we have to lead up to,” I said and leaned in close to kiss her. “But I am so excited to keep trying!”*Affiliate Link.Full Disclosure here.