It’s your boy, Husband In Training/“HIT” here, and I wholeheartedly believe I’ve been led to write this. Of course, I’ve written several stories in the past and picked back up my pen to begin composing stories again because, honestly, a single man needs a physical AND mental release. After all, sometimes I want to hold on to that “buzz” I get from horniness and channel that energy into the gym or something else. “Shooting” isn’t always practical—for me, at least.I’ll get right to it. I recently turned 44. I’m a good-looking black man who—in my eyes, it’s a great thing—fitsthestereotype. You know the one I’m talking about. Of course, that’s not all I am, and that’s not what any man should be boiled down to. We—all men—are more than just walking penises and testicles, even though we tend to think with them. Ladies, don’t laugh and act like you can think clearly during those moments when you can replenish a bathtub with your moisture. Yeah, I got some weight on me, but that’s being attacked in the kitchen and gym. I’m a writer, and, atop that, I’m a minister. We all are in some way, right? In addition, I’m single. And, food for thought, I wrote that last sentence and it never occurred to me to say, “I’mstillsingle.” That’s weird because, usually, that’s how I hear that sentence internally. Hmmm…I need to think and take note of that.I wanted to speak to my fellow singles because if I’m here, Iknowyou’re here. You’re reading these beautiful stories about marital sex, marital masturbation, single masturbation, and such…all of it within the spacious confines of holiness and righteousness. Yet, there’s a hole in your heart—something you can’t get others to understand,especiallymarried people who seem to come across as flippant and callous while unknowingly downplaying the pain, anxiety, and confusion you feel when you consider the fact that GOD called you to marriage though you see no prospects or evidence of your spouse anywhere near you.Dating apps? Speed dating? Blind dates? Your friends knowing someone “who is PERFECT for you”? Bars? Singles ministries? Office relationships? Complete avoidance of dating? Not dating but simply being promiscuous? All those questions are places in your life or things you’ve found yourself doing in the hopes of stumbling across “the one” or filling this massive chasm in your soul. All of this, of course, while hearing those sermons frommarried peopleabout waiting on GOD to show you your spouse and not being so shallow that you look only at their beauty or physique when you’re not that kind of person anyway, though you, like anyone, want to wake up and look at your spouse and see they’re a ten even though they’ve not yet brushed their teeth or combed their hair. Those same people say, “Your relationship with GOD is the most important relationship you’ll ever have!” And you’re like, “I know that Pastor So-and-So! Who do you think is giving me the power to sit still and not walk out of this worship experience or prayer meeting without throwing a Bible at you?”You think that married people don’t know what it’s like to be you or be in your position. As they talk, you internally scream, “If one more married person tells me to put myself out there, I’m going to rip them in half! What the hell do you think I’m doing?”As you think the previous statement, you openly declare something akin to the following:“The world is different now! It’s harder to be single!”“The dating pool isn’t tainted—it’s ******* POLLUTED!As a single man, I think you’re right. But I want you to start cutting married people and even the world some slack because of the GOD you serve. He is sovereign, guiding you with full knowledge of your path. The world and people can do whatever they want, but GOD is not haphazard and taken aback by the things that surprise you. Just like He guides you in other things, He guides you along the path towards marriage.But, back to my point. No, this discourse isn’t about married couples. It’s about you, me, and this blessed “burden” of singlehood. I know I used an oxymoron, but that’s only because I want you to understand that I feel you. I really do. One moment, you see the hell various marriages suffer and think, “Oh, hell naw!” The next moment, you see your friends and their spouses living what seems to be the most rapturous love story ever concocted, and you wonder with tears in your heart, “What’s wrong withme?” That’s why my statement was oxymoronic. You see two different realities through the lens of your singular—ONE—understanding. You’re leaning to your own understanding because that’s the only perspectiveYOUhave. Notice I didn’t say it’s the only perspective you can access.I want to affirm and remind you that GOD doesNOTplay dice. Thus far, He died on a Cross for you. He has supplied you daily with everything you need—not everything you want, but everything you need. He has blessed you in ways you’ve never imagined. He has healed you, or He’s currently healing you. He saved you from you. He saved you from hell. He put that addiction to death. He brought you back from that prognosis and shocked the doctors as He did it. He gave you that job others said you’re not qualified for. He opened that business for you. He gave you your next breath. He snatched you out of the enemy’s hands. And, amid all that, He’s placed in you an unanswered desire to be a husband and father or a wife and mother. Some of you don’t want children. You simply want to be married and glorify GOD with your person.So, I want to ask you a question.If GOD did all that for you while giving you an unmet desire to intensely and intentionally love someone and be devoted to them—having given you the best of Himself through Christ—as Paul said, “What else would He withhold from us?” If He gave us the very best of Himself, do you honestly believe that He won’t give you the answer to the desire He—Himself—placed in your heart? He, quite literally, places in us the desire of our hearts because those desires push us to seek Him for the answer that lines up with His will for our life!Now, let’s click that drop-down menu and ensure that it’s Him that gave you that desire and not you having the desire and wanting GOD to co-sign on something He never intended, because many of us are looking for other humans to be answers to a problem outside of their paygrade. But if you’re on this site and readingthispost, you’re not one of those people. You’ve beencalledto the ministry of marriage. You decided to answer. You, like Isaiah, said, “Here I am. Send me!” You know you’re called to marriage because, despite seeing all the crap in failing marriages, the divorce rates in the worldandthe church, and how there seems to be one leader after the next being exposed for various sins that affect or end their marriages,you’re still asking GOD for your spouse!Doing so means you’re either insane, stupid, or—get this—being prepared for or called to this thing you can’t seem to shake, though you’ve done everything imaginable to be rid of it. Like a small pebble in your shoe, your desire for marriage JUST. WON’T. GO. AWAY.GOD is aware of your heart, my brother. Sister, He knows your heart better than you do. My dude, He gave you that cock and that size knowing, no matter what you have, you’re ready to put a hole in a wall with that thing. Sis, He knows you want to “saturate” your husband with your love. And that’s just in the bedroom. He knows you have more to give than that because He created and WIRED you with those desires. Be mindful:GOD DOES NOT PREPARE YOU FOR SOMETHING HE’S NOT GOING TO DO!Judge Him faithful. Like Sarah, who received divine strength just toconceiveIsaac, remember our Lord keeps His word. Maybe you’ve not received a verbal prophetic word about your marriage, but you’ve received the promise of it because He placed in you the desire for it. It might not happen when you’re young and spry, but GOD knows how to redeem the time you think you’ve lost. GOD can and does and has infused His children with divine strength to carry the fruition of His promise. Just ask Sarah who laughed at Jesus to His face—go back and count the men that visited Abraham and Sarah, and realize that the Person that remained wasspeaking: the “voice” or “word” of GOD is Jesus. And Sarah thought He couldn’t hear her laugh when she chuckled to herself. Shock of shocks and gasps of gasps, He questioned her from outside the tent, “Did I hear Sarah laugh?” I’m laughing right now because she lied and said, “No!” Girl, stop the cap! LOL!!!It’s funny, but do you realize that “Isaac” means laughter? She laughed at GOD, and GOD turned around and gave her something to laugh about. Can I get a witness here and help you understand that GOD gets the last laugh and has the audacity to share it with you? I mean, talk about a sense of humor!When you’re pissed, you scoffingly laugh at GOD, thinking and saying to yourself that you’ll never get married. And the only reason you’re telling yourself that is because, honestly, you’re trying to kill your desire for marriage so you can spare yourself the torture and heartsickness of having your hope deferred to later. But read the final clause of that verse, Proverbs 13:12: “But a longing fulfilled is a tree of life.” You can’t hide your heart from Him, so don’t try.His timing is perfect.Sit still, baby. He’s coming. Rest in Him, soldier. She’s on the way. In the meantime, no matter your age, lock in with GOD. Let Him heal you. Avoid porn like the Plague. Get in the gym and stay there. Eat right. There are people in their 70s looking and moving and acting like they’re in their 40s, having the best marital sex you can ever imagine. Get your credit right. Get your student loans forgiven if you can. And, trust me, you can. Pursue your Godly purpose as if your life depended on it because it does. Ask GOD to begin revealing to you the purpose of your marriage because “falling in love” and “being in love” aren’t strong enough to sustain the oaths you take to love that person in sickness and health, for better or worse.Do your cock exercises, brother. Trust me. They work. And don’t give anyone access to your “tree of life” without first having cut the covenant with them before GOD. Ma’am, have more to offer than just your garden. Beautify your mind and spirit with holy experiences, wisdom, and knowledge. You have exercises you can do, too. Yes, they work. And don’t let anyone in your secret place without first having cut the covenant with them before GOD.Though I don’t know why He prompted me to post this, I can tell you that I needed this. Ineededto write this, and not because I’m feeling that hole in my heart today, because I’m not. He’s healing that, thankfully. Yet, I know I’ll need it again, in a different way, on a day when I doubt Him and His promise—just like married people going through tough times with their spouse and needing a reminder that GOD has a promise for them just like He has one for singles. So, the only reason I have to upload this is because of His directive. Ministering to you is the main reason, but He could’ve chosen anyone to write this.I am still trying to figure out why He chose me to do it.Is there someone for everyone? No. But, again, if you’rehereand reading this, I don’t see our GOD as being so cruel to place a desire in you He has no intention of fulfilling. That isNOTHis character. There’s a desire for GOD, and there’s a desire for a mate. And despite the fodder you’ve been fed, GOD’s permanent answer to the desire [He gave you] for a mate isNOTgiving you more of Himself. That’s only further leading you with a carrot you’ll never catch. He grounds you in your relationship with Him to prepare you for the whirlwind of being with a human. And, if you’re called to singlehood (ask GOD; He’ll tell you whether you are),STILLget in the gym and do all the stuff listed earlier. Why? Because, while living the life GOD called you to, you can be the best-looking and best-resourced single man or woman of GOD the world has ever seen.So, be encouraged, brothers and sisters. We’re going to be just fine. He sees us…and they are coming.I need to pray. I sense an uncanny freedom I’ve never felt before.I love you guys. I’ll see you again soon with another story.HIT