This morning we had to leave at 7a.m. to drive 120 miles to a specialist doctor appointment. We were settled on the idea that we wouldn’t be having our regular every-three-days sex session. But things worked out in a surprising fashion.We both woke up early at 5:15. We tried to go back to sleep but with limited success, so we got up. Melody went into the shower, and I walked the dog. It was so cold that the dog did his business with speed, and we came back in.After she entered the shower, I hung Melody’s towel on the hook by the shower door. As I came back into the bathroom, she said, “Somebody loves me. They got me my towel!”“That would be me,” I said. Then she slid open the shower curtain. and I exclaimed, “Ahhhh! My favorite sight in all the world! My Melody with water glistening off her beautiful porcelain skin and all freshly showered! I love how you taste after a shower—how your titties taste, how your pussy tastes, how your skin everywhere tastes!”She smiled, but she reminded me that there was probably not enough time to do anything other than “fix my problem.” (That’s when she helps give me an orgasm.)I was going to clean up by showering after some fun with “Julia.” That’s the name Melody gave my Hello Cake Male Stroker. We moved naked to the bed.I kissed her, but she complained, “You’re pokey!” (She was referring to the fact that I had not yet shaved.) So I desisted with the mouth kissing and kissed her elsewhere on her soft smooth porcelain skin. Her skin was still particularly silky because we had just returned from a tropical vacation where the high humidity had smoothed our skin.I also quipped, “I’m pokey because I love poking your pussy with my cock!”“Not enough time for that,” she repeated. I agreed, but I was now feeling hopeful for more.“Can I have some boobie since this was supposed to be a full lovemaking day?” I asked while admiring my wife’s incredible breasts.“You got some three days ago on our vacation and yesterday when I fixed your problem,” she answered. But still she cupped around the underside of her left boobie, then the right one, and allowed me my tittie feast.I absolutely live to love on her nipples! I tongued them, nibbled on them, and sucked them gently, then more intensely. While I did this, I was pumping my “parts” up to snuff. Then I paused to look into my bride’s big beautiful Norwegian eyes.“You are so beautiful!” I told my lovely wife. “Every time we make love, you look like you’re 26 or 23 or 19 or something!”She just looked at me with my love reflected in her eyes. “Lie down,” she ordered.So I willingly lay back, and Melody began oral fun on my closest nipple and digital fun on my other. I lubed up Julia with coconut oil and began stroking my aroused rod with its internal vibrator set to high.We went at this for a while, and I could not take my eyes off of Melody. I was so turned on by my nude wife and what she was orally doing to my nipple that I said a mental prayer asking Heavenly Father for Melody to be in the mood for a quickie.Then I asked her, “Can we do a quickie? We have just enough time because we woke up so early. I want to fuck your beautiful pussy! Don’t you want ‘Fred’ up in your pussy?”To us, a “quickie” is sexual intercourse with only me reaching climax. Just as recently as two years ago, our sex schedule had been intercourse every other day, but with Melody usually only cumming every other lovemaking session. We called those times she didn’t climax a quickie. Now our sex schedule is full sexual intercourse every three days, and we both usually orgasm. Melody still “fixes my problem” nearly every off day.Melody looked at me, still worried about the time, and said, “Okay, fine, we can have sex.” Her face had a trace of the erotic-fueled “look!” It was unmistakable that what we were doing was getting to her. “Put some lube in my pussy,” she requested.I had fun rubbing coconut oil all over and IN her pussy and pussy area. Then I handed her the iVibe, and she started applying it to her clit as I sucked her tits some more—but not for too long.I kneeled up next to Melody and briefly engaged in “tip on nip;” I stroked my hard rod with my hand as my tip rubbed her firm raspberry-like nipples. Usually I would have rubbed a little lube onto each nip, but my pre-cum was flowing, and we needed nothing else.I enjoyed seeing all the details of my naked and aroused wife’s sexy body. I had not turned on our normal halite lamps and TV fireplace lighting, so we were in full light of our bedroom’s overhead lighting. But that was good! It’s mixes things up to have sex in different light.“Is this doing anything for you?” I asked Melody.“Not that much,” she replied, but I think her body disagreed. Her eyes were half-closed, “bedroom eyes,” and her face and body again looked 50 or so years younger than reality.Melody switched to her Sensuelle+ vibe, and I slid down onto my right side for our favorite sex position: “X-Position.” I slid my hard cock into Melody’s lubed, wet-and-ready pussy. It went in effortlessly, more proof that Melody was ready to be fucked and pussy-pounded.She applied the vibrator to her clit and external pussy. There was no time for long drawn out lovemaking so I pretty quickly went to the pounding phase and her loud sighs showed that I wasn’t the only one enjoying the experience.I said another prayer, asking God to help me give my Melody an orgasm today. This prayer was soon to be answered.“I love fucking your beautiful pussy!” I cried to my sexy and lovely wife as I rammed her with erotic enthusiasm and climbed toward my peak. “You are so beyond beautiful!”“And I love having ‘Fred’ inside my pussy!” she countered. Her boobies were swelling, and she was definitely finding the mood.Pretty soon, out of time-pressed necessity, I came—and came powerfully—deep in her pussy. The cum I had given her pussy made her say, “Mmmm, I like my present!”I slid my happy, satisfied cock out and clambered up to her left side. Then I orally went at her left tit with enthusiasm and gusto. She had never stopped buzzing her clitoris with her vibe, and I could see that she clearly had “the look!” All the stimulus had helped, but I am sure that being enthusiastically fucked by her husband who is crazy about her made the difference. She loves receiving my cum in her pussy. It REALLY turns her on. Plus, as we fucked, I had told her how much I love her and how beautiful she is to me. I was sincere about those spontaneous compliments, and she knew it. I wasn’t just saying them.After I came. pulled out, and returned to orally loving on her nipple, she said, “We can skip that this time.” She was worried about us being late for my doctor appointment.But I persisted, and I even said another mental prayer for her to be able to cum. Well, my prayer was soon answered! Her orgasm hit in only about 45 seconds after I had cum in her pussy and when I had resumed sucking her tits! Her back arched and her body shook and jerked and she cried out, “I’m COMING!” It was a very good orgasm she told me afterwards. I let her know that mine had been explosive and pleasant as well.BOTH of my prayers had been answered with a definite yes! Ya gotta love it when that kind of prayer is answered in the affirmative!Although we had not done our normal amount of kissing and foreplay, and the intercourse was a fast pounding fuck, we both were satisfied, happy, and in love. Because we both came this quickie, we decided that we would call it a “dual quickie!”We were in a hurry, so we only cuddled briefly. We were kind of proud of ourselves. Then we hurriedly got cleaned up, and I showered and shaved. We had a two-hour drive to my appointment with the specialist.  I kept glancing over at my sexy and beautiful wife as I drove.  The lovemaking had taken a whilem but we made it to my appointment just barely on time!  We were both so glad we had gone for it this morning when we both had felt the urge, need, and love.