(L) – This story contains strong language.I’m a bit embarrassed to admit this at my stage in life, as a 60-plus happily married church lady, but going to the grocery store makes me horny.It’s my one getaway from the day to day responsibility-filled life of the stay at home wife and mom, and I really look forward to it.There are all kinds of benefits. First, it gives me a reason to get out of my granny gown and bathrobe and get dolled up.I treat the event like I used to when Tom and I were dating about a quarter century ago.I take a long, luxurious shower, including some playtime with the handheld shower head, just to get warmed up. No orgasm though. That comes later! (No pun intended!)I put on my sexiest lingerie, preferably a black lacy push up bra and black thong. I then go with some nice work out clothes, some yoga pants that accentuate my full curvy ass and hold my tummy in a bit. Finally, a top that shows a bit of cleavage, just enough to get attention from any men I encounter. I put my hair in a cute ponytail and wear a hint of makeup, going for a “MILF on the way to the gym” look.I then try to flirt with every man I interact with, just as a social experiment. I get a lot of attention and love it, and frankly it turns me on a bit to know men still find me attractive at my age. I never take it to a level that could harm my relationship with Tom.Depending on what I have to do that day, when I get home and get the groceries put up, I generally have time for a walk or work out, and then some me time. I try to masturbate every day. Orgasms are great for your mental and physical health and help me remember that I am a sexual creature, and that feminine sexuality is a gift from God that keeps you feeling young and your marriage vital.Last week, Tom was working from home and was upstairs in his office watching a legal seminar when I got home. I put up the groceries and made him a snack and took it to him. I then decided to linger a bit to see if I could distract him.I brought the tray in and intentionally leaned way over to give him a glimpse of my ample cleavage. I whispered “Are you bored?”He rolled his eyes and nodded.“Up for a little distraction?” I asked. “I don’t think the seminar speaker will mind.”I stood in front of him, gave him my best sexy pout, ran my hands over my boobs, and gave them a playful squeeze. Then I pulled my top off, shook my hair out of its ponytail, and unhooked my front closure bra. I peek-a-booed with my boobs, revealing them to him one at a time, then I licked my fingers and wet and pinched my nipples to attention.That was all it took. Tom motioned for me to come closer. He turned his swivel chair toward me, and I went down on my knees between his legs and started rubbing his legs through his jeans, working my way up to his crotch. His cock was already beginning to get hard, so I mouthed “Want a BJ?” Of course he smiled and nodded.I slowly unfastened his belt and jeans and tugged them down around his ankles, then put my mouth on his cock through his boxers. Tom does this to me sometimes before he pulls off my panties, and it gets me so turned on.I put a hand inside his boxers and took out his cock. A pearl of pre-cum had already formed at the tip, which I collected on my index finger and rubbed on my lips like it was gloss. Then I tasted it, smiled and after stroking his cock a few times, I engulfed the head with my mouth.Ladies, the key to giving a great blowjob is enthusiasm and a little variety. I moaned like a professional and made sure Tom could watch his topless 60-something wife licking and sucking his beautiful cock. I then squeezed my arms together and put his cock between my boobs, and stroked him some more, then took him in my mouth again.“You like?” I mouthed silently.Tom nodded his head.After a few more minutes of blow job, I stood up, turned my back to him and slowly rolled my yoga pants and thong down to my ankles. Then I leaned over his desk and started fingering my very wet pussy from behind.I turned my head and mouthed, “Want to fuck me?” I didn’t have to ask twice. He stepped out of his jeans, pushed me further over on his desk and pushed his cock inside me from behind.Tom is well endowed, and usually doggie style isn’t the easiest for either one of us, but I was so turned on that as he slid inside, it took my breath away. There is something incredibly sexy about being completely taken by your man. I urged him to fuck me hard and deep, and he obliged.I reached down between my legs and began stroking my clit. I then began running my fingernails along his shaft as he moved in and out. I could hear his thighs slapping against my ass, and I spread my legs wider and leaned over further, my tits now pressed against the leather top of his desk.“Do you like to fuck your dirty wife from behind?” I asked. “Fuck my ass baby! Oh my God your cock feels so good!”“I’m going to cum!” he warned. Dirty talk is all it takes to get Tom off.“Do it! Cum in my pussy! I want your cum in me!”A ten-second “Aaaaaagh” soon followed as we both groaned together, accompanied that familiar feeling of his cock filling me with his thick creamy cum. He was fucking me so furiously that the heavy desk slid a few inches in the direction of his thrusts.“Oh my God Anne that was amazing. Did I hurt you?” Tom asked, as he pulled his cock out of me, covered with my juices.“Not at all,” I said. “You fucked the hell out of me, which is exactly what I wanted you to do.”I stayed bent over and pushed my fingers inside my pussy so he could watch his come dribbling out and slowly drip down my thighs.“Clean up time!” I said playfully, and headed for the bathroom. I came out with a warm cloth and lovingly washed his cock and balls. Then I kissed him slowly on the lips.I gathered up my clothes and turned my ass to him, and gave myself a playful slap.“If I can be of further service to you, just call.”“How are your typing skills?” Tom asked.“Fast, with a lot of mistakes…” I said, as I sashayed out of his office.I doubt he’ll be in the market for a new assistant any time soon.