[Hi All,I chronicle my sexual struggles, so it wouldn’t be fair if I didn’t also chronicle my actual sexual activities. Maybe not my best writing, but MH’rs like the real thing. So below is a true account of an unexpected tryst. 😉]It had been several months since we had sex. I truly wasn’t expecting anything this particular night in the middle of the week. We had completed our daily routine and were finally in bed. It’s usually just a peck, but I always give her a good night kiss. Much to my surprise, she opened her mouth and our tongues began a wet dance.I still wasn’t sure this was going anywhere. But I slid closer and placed one arm under her neck and the other just under her breast. This is usually the part where she shuts me down. As we kissed, her hand started at my chest and teasingly made it’s way down to my cock and balls.It’s still not a sure thing, but I slid my hand under her gown and started massaging her breast. She moaned into my mouth and her hand movement started to get frantic. I decided to go for it.When she doesn’t shut me down, she actually likes to be dominated. So I took control and pulled her roughly to me, then I opened her knees. There was no resistance, and I was rather pleased to hear the familiar sounds of her submission. It was time to make her naked.Smooth and romantic went out the door. As soon as her panties were off, I slipped two fingers into her pussy. She was wet. My first impulse was to climb between her legs. But it had been almost a year since I’d been inside her, and I knew I wouldn’t last long. So I changed my immediate goal into making her cum.I moved my mouth first to one tit, then the other, as I finger fucked her slippery pussy. She was making all the right noises, and it didn’t take long before she clamped her thighs around my hand. Mission accomplished.I slid between her legs and lined up my cock. As I moved forward, she reached down and guided me inside. You never forget, but it’s never enough. I basked in the absolutely indescribable sensation of being enveloped in her warmth.My hips started thrusting out of their own will, and my mind became overwhelmed. It was my turn. Driven by desire, I fucked harder and harder until the inevitable climax approached. I lose all vocal inhibitions when I cum. As the words poured out of my mouth, my little fire hose erupted with a rather impressive force. Mine triggered another from her. We wiggled our hips in a tight wet frenzy while the pleasure washed over us both.Words were spoken in the afterglow, but I don’t know when or if it will happen again. Perhaps it will, but if not, at least there’s one more memory.