I was reading an article today about what men want sexually. It described how they don’t often voice their desires because they fear women’s reactions.  From the writer’s tone, I don’t think he was a Christian.  Still, a lot of what he said seemed true.  He explained that men think about and want sex most if not all the time. He said because of morals and societal standards, they have to rein in those urges most of the time.Also, they can feel very insecure about their ability to please their woman.  It’s worse when the woman is selfish and expects the man to do all the work.  And they have the same desire women have to be wanted, to be lusted after, to be admired and objectified—not in a bad way, but seen as physically desirable. The author added if you recognize the value of the person, then sexual objectification can be a good thing.Realizing that most men are suppressing these desires and not receiving loving desire and admiration broke my heart! I assume it’s my tender womanly instinct. But it made me just want to pour out love and care and reverence on the man I marry.  If it’s God’s plan that I ever become a wife, I am going to relish pleasing and blessing him.  I already dream about just looking at him, taking in his manly features, drooling over his muscles. I imagine feeling my pelvis clench with the urge to touch him and kiss him. Just wanting him in general is a turn on.But I’d go further.  This article’s writer said that men want blowjobs.  It’s often not because they just want release. Rather, they want to feel wanted and reverenced by their woman.  So, I intend to do just that.  I’m going to have so much fun catching him off guard. In the car, in the kitchen, or busy with some odd job, he will find me fondling him, teasing, then pulling his pants down and eating up his cock.  Oh boy,  writing this is making me hot and antsy.  I can’t understand why wives don’t want to do this.  We ladies GET to be “naughty” and sexy for the men we marry! Take advantage of it!The author said men want their wives to be sluts, but only for them.  He was saying that in the marriage context, being a slut is a good thing.  It’s not about being loose or inappropriate or having sex with other men.  It’s about unleashing the sensual creature in us for our mutual enjoyment And letting our men know that they bring us pleasure.  It helps reassure them that they’re satisfying us and doing a good job as a lover.I picture flaunting my body to my future husband and giving him sultry looks. I think about teasingly touching him and giving him the pampering men don’t always get. It’s so deliciously inviting.  I literally can’t wait.  I want my man to know he will never have to hide his needs again nor live with a lonely, uncertain state of mind that forbids showing emotion or voicing his desires and fantasies.  He will know that he’s attractive and handsome and alluring because I will tell him so. There will be no doubt that I admire and thirst for every part of his body. He’ll know I want his hands on me, too. I’ll make certain he knows I like to look at him, touch him, and make love to him. How? Because I’ll be doing all three. And more!Society seems to focus on what men can do for women, and that’s fine. We’re certainly complex creatures with weird needs and crazy hormones. But men can’t get left in the cold.  I don’t want them to be.  If God calls me to marriage, my husband will not be one of these lonely men.  I’m going to bless him and make him go crazy with pleasure.  Oh Lord, bring him my way!