Love by Christmas Tree Light, Part 1Oooooooo! We had a NICE lovemaking session just now. We woke early and showered, as usual. But what made things different this time was that we set up our Christmas tree last night. My Melodie looked soooo lovely with the twinkling lights illuminating her beautiful nude Nordic porcelain skin.For a change, we set up the tree in our bedroom this year. Usually, we have it in our living room, and we make love one time by Christmas tree light during the holiday season. But THIS Christmas season is going to be awesome with multiple sex sessions under the lights!Before we started, I turned on a YouTube video with a Christmas tree plus a fireplace and classic Christmas music while Melodie got comfortable. (Before YouTube, we used a similar DVD.) My oh my, I loved the view of my naked wife lying on our queen bed and illuminated by the multicolored Christmas tree lights!On a side note, she is not threatened by my admiring other beautiful women. She knows that I adore her. We often both mention when we see an attractive person, male or female. In fact, I occasionally draw nudes, and that doesn’t bother Melodie either. Nudity can be beautiful yet non-sexual. And race does not matter to us. We admire beautiful people from all cultures and races. Like around 80% of Americans, we are a small part First Nation, both of us on our mother’s side.Of course, in THIS circumstance, with Melodie lying nude in sexual anticipation on our bed and stroking her nipples, her nudity (and mine) was VERY sexual! I was by the left side of our bed—her side—and I leaned in to kiss her, then briefly suckle and tongue-titillate each nipple.Then I stood, grabbed my cell phone, and activated our private photos app. I took an awesome and beautiful photo of her with her arms under her full breasts all lit up by multiple colors of Christmas tree lights! Mmmmm… so scrumptious!A while back, we got a big plug-in wand vibrator. (At the suggestion of MH members.) So this morning I had gotten the large vibrator out and plugged it in before we started, so now I handed it to my sexy bride. Then, I moved to my side of the bed and lay next to her.I began to kiss her mouth and then I moved to love on her nipples in multiple ways: first, orally; then I did tip on nips with gusto; then back to licking nips and sucking plus titillating them with my tongue. After that, I paused to grab a long pink vibe. I sat next to Melodie’s sexy, curvy hip and began pushing the long vibe in and out of her pussy. Pushing a longer vibe in and out is so fun to watch!“I want you in my pussy!” she begged as she stroked her tits when I paused my licking of them. But first, I kneeled beside her to do “tip on nip” some more. Melodie is usually using her bullet vibe on her clit while I am doing tip-on-nip – and this was no exception.We went into our X position, and I made love to her pussy gently for a while. Then I slid out and went to licking and sucking her boobs from her left side.Soon we returned to our “at right angles” sex position (X position) but this time I pushed into her pussy hard ‘n fast!“Ouch! she said as my shaft caught some of her outer labia.“I’m sorry,” I said. However, my shaft found its rhythm going in and out and soon thoroughly lubricated her vulva with her natural pussy juice & the coconut oil I had slid inside her right before we started. (and the precum from off my leaking tip)  So soon she was sighing in pleasure as I pounded her pussy fanatically. (Fanatically = marked by excessive enthusiasm.)“Do you like having my dick in your pussy?” I asked. “Or do you prefer the word cock?”“YES!! I like it,” she said. “But I’m going back to calling him Fred.”I laughed as I remembered that she used to call my penis Fred in the early years of our marriage. I slowed down the pounding while we talked, but then suddenly resumed the hard thrusts deep into my sexy wife’s pussy. She gasped at the renewed pussy pounding. Our entire marriage, she has loved a good internal pounding of her pussy when she’s really turned on. This was obviously one of those times!My first orgasm hit me with a bang and I loaded her pussy up with more “man-based lube.” ThenI went again to her left side, but first I scooped some of our cum from her pussy and rubbed it onto her titties. I couldn’t resist playing with her cummy pussy for some time. Rubbing our cum on her titties, I then began to lick and suck it off.Her first climax hit her while my lips were on her left nip. She announced (rather loudly) I’m cumming!” as her beautiful body shook and convulsed.But this was not a big orgasm, so she wanted more. I grabbed our G-spot vibe but wanted to give her some oral love first. When I asked her, she indicated that she wasn’t sure she was in the mood. But as I leaned over, she opened her legs so I could do some tongue-titillation of the erect little jewel of her pussy, her clitoris. This almost always leads to a good orgasm for her later in the sex session. (And I will admit that it turns me on for my second orgasm.)When I sat back up, I said, “Mmmmm, freshly showered, cum-filled Melodie is music to my tongue! You taste so good! Thank you!”  (Do you get it? “Melodie’s”pussy is music to my tongue.)“You are welcome,” she said in a sexy way that indicated she had enjoyed receiving oral sex.Next, I turned the G-spot vibe to full power and inserted it clear up into her man-cream-leaking pussy. Then I attacked her boobs orally and manually and with the tip of my again hard cock!Her second O was a long time in coming, but when it hit her, she exploded with pleasure!Though I had returned to her left side, I felt inspired to go to her right boob and orally attack her hard, raspberry-like right nipple.  Doing that is what triggered her second orgasm, and it was much bigger than her first climax! Much louder, she again announced, “I’m c-cumming!”Remember that we did a lot of tip-on-nip this sex session, with me kneeling beside her and pumping my erection with my tip stimulating one of her nipples. And when we went into sexual intercourse, she switched to one of her bullet vibes – her new blue one.My wife encouraged me to lay next to her on her right so she could (and I quote) “…suck your nipples so you can have another orgasm.”  This would be my second climax of the session. Pretty good for a disabled, somewhat elderly man with a heart condition.The Christmas tree was near the foot of our bed on my side of the bed. By it’s light, I could see Melodie’s beautiful Nordic face with her lips loving on my man nip, and I watched as she, then I, pumped “Fred” to his second eruption of the day. I also asked her to squeeze my balls when I was getting close; it seems to add pressure to my white magma chamber, so the eruption spattered all over both of us.As we cuddled afterward, I reminded her that it is a bonus when her first or her second orgasm takes a while. “It means I get to play with your beautiful body longer!” I said with a sincere smile. “Besides, you and your beautiful face, porcelain skin, and voluptuous body are even MORE beautiful by Christmas tree light!”By the way everyone, Merry Christmas!I am being bad and taking advantage of my position as a volunteer editor of MH.  I am adding to this post a part 2 of  “Love By Christmas Light”  This additional entry is about our annual Christmas Eve lovemaking session.Love By Christmas Tree Light, Part 2This morning (Christmas Eve) was another sex session under the Christmas tree lights!  We had the house to ourselves so we decided to take our time.  After showering I gave my wife her first Christmas present- a very slinky teddy.  I wore a pair of bamboo cloth boxers, (they are SO soft on a rising erection).We cuddled up and rested but I’m afraid her gorgeous full breasts started calling to me.  I began to slide each nipple out of the teddy to finger and suck it.  The connection between Melodie’s boobs and my erection was soon obvious.  But she paused the nipple play for us to kiss with a sexy tongue dance.I added some coconut oil to her already-getting-wet pussy, and continuing the tittie titillation, I began to stroke Melodie’s pussy as well.  I especially focused in on her clitty.  (Clitty & tittie!)“Does that feel good?” I paused to ask her.“Yes!” she said as she squirmed in pleasure.  Next, I handed her our mini-wand vibrator and she began to buzz her clit AND the opening to her pussy-love tunnel.Next Melodie said, “My turn!”  She had me lie on my back, and SHE did some major nipple play on me as we took turns pumping me up to full power!Then, because this is a holiday, she slid down and started doing her amazing oral love on my hard cock.  She started by licking the uber-sensitive underside of my glans.  Then she ran her lips up and down my shaft—but again paid more attention to my glans.  Then she engulfed me and began to bob her head for some time.  Afterward,  she went back to lips on the underside of my tip.  This all felt absolutely amazing!  I felt incredibly grateful and I also felt incredible love for my sexy and beautiful wife.We took a break from oral for her to slide back up to play with, suck, and titillate my nips some more as I pumped my rod.Then Melodie slid back down and again engulfed my rod deep into her mouth.  I could take no more, and I erupted like Mt. Saint Helens. (At least it felt that way.) She took half of my creamy, warm lava into her mouth until it risked gagging her.  She pumped my spurting rod for the rest of my eruption.Melodie won’t admit it, but I am certain that she swallows my white lava.So we had already had some fun.  But we were far from done with our Christmas Eve Morning experience.  Oh, I forgot to mention that while she was giving me the blow job, she held the wand vibrator in place between her legs to keep it stimulating her pussy andp clitoris.I handed Melodie her looped vibrator and placed the wand on our nightstand. (Our buffet of love toys!) Then while sliding over to her left side, I paused to scoop some of her juices to rub on her nipples. I also tasted and licked her clitoris for a short while as she sighed in pleasure and pumped her pussy up at me as if to demand more.Then I moved to her left boob with my tongue and lips, and my left hand played with her other tittie as she used the looped bullet vibe on her clitoris.  I sucked and licked off the pussy juice from her tits.It was probably less than a minute before she came like a train! She announced, amid gasps of pleasure, “I’m coming!”  It is so fun to look up at her from her nipple as she comes.  I love her raspy sex voice too.I did not stop loving on her nip, so she reapplied the bullet vibe and came again in about a minute!  She announced her second orgasm with the same words in a surprised and even more raspy sex voice.  I guess we were both surprised by how fast she came that second time!  She told me later that BOTH orgasms were great!But not to be unequally yoked… we went for my second Big O.  Sucking on her nipples had me pretty hard, but we switched back to her sucking on MY man-nips.In very little time she reminded me of our rule: if you can then do.  She also said, “I want you in my pussy!”  (Her saying that also turns me on!)So, we went into our X position with her on her back and me lying on my side with my dick pointed at her beautiful, waiting pussy.  We then began our first PIV sex of the session.  Sliding into her pussy was heavenly!Melodie used her even more powerful Sensuelle+ vibrator as we flicked each other enthusiastically.  But my pacemaker is low on battery charge, so I had to slow down.  Still, the vibrations from the vibe along with my wife using her Kegal muscles to give my dick the ultimate hug soon sent me over the top anyway!As we cuddled afterward, I thanked my wife, and she said, “The feeling is mutual.”So, that (as Paul Harvey would’ve said) is the rest of the story. I hope your Christmas Eve was as awesome as ours was! Or may you have this kind of joy eventually in your life.We are very grateful to Heavenly Father for the wonderful opportunity to still be able share our love this way.