(L) – This story contains strong language.During November last year, a group of guys I work with in church decided to do ‘Movember’ and grow moustaches. So on the 31st October I shaved my face clean and over the next 30 days proceeded to grow a moustache. My wife, who hates moustaches informed me that not only would it be ‘Movember’ it would also be ‘No Nookie November’ until the moustache came off!So after 30 days of celibacy, I finally shaved off the offensive moustache ready for some action. BUT, unfortunately due to circumstances a further number of days passed and still no sex. Then finally one night, both of our daughters were out for the evening.I came home after dropping one of them off at her friend’s house, and found no one downstairs. When I went upstairs, I found my wife standing at the open bedroom door wearing leopard skin high heels, averyshort black mini skirt that just barely covered her, and a see-through blouse with no bra on.“WOW!” was about all I could say as I stared at her, feeling my cock grow. She smiled, took my hand, and led me into the room. She sat on the bed with her legs open, and I could see that she had no panties on, which gave me a great view of her newly shaved pussy. She started to finger herself and moan gently as I watched, and with her other hand she pulled me forward until my mouth was on one of her erect nipples through the sheer material. I began to suck it eagerly.After a short time, my wife pulled my T-shirt off, then undid my jeans and pulled them down along with my boxers before taking my hard cock in her mouth. I moaned in ecstasy as she pleasured me for a time. Then she stopped and lay back on the bed with her legs open. “My turn now,” she said.I didn’t argue. I began kissing her inner thighs as I worked my way up towards her pussy, then finally parted her lips with my tongue. I licked inside her pussy, then over her clit. I continued this for some time, and could tell from her moans and breathing that she was getting close to climaxing. I kept it up, and she finally came, squirting hot, sweet liquid into my mouth.“Kiss me, I want to taste it,” she moaned, and we began to kiss passionately, tongues exploring each other’s mouths.“Fuck me,” she whispered as she guided my cock toward her opening, then moaned as I entered her. I slowly began to thrust into her as we looked into each other’s eyes. She lifted her head and we kissed as I continued to thrust slowly into her. I moaned as she moved her legs together, making her even tighter, and she started to squeeze my nipples. “I love you,” I told her.When she puts her legs together like that and squeezes my nipples, sometimes that can lead to some thoughts by me, and comments that can introduce some fantasy, which is why I always remind her that I love her.“Harder!” she shouted as she grabbed my nipples harder.I started to thrust harder while growling in her ear, “I love you. I love fucking you. I love that you love cock. I love that your cunt takes cock so eagerly.”She moaned loudly with pleasure, “Yes, yes, don’t stop, fuck me hard!” She cried out as she came again, squirting over my cock and balls. I pulled out and flipped her over so she was on her hands and knees. I took her in doggy, fucking her as hard as I could until I came inside her, filling her full of cum, and we both collapsed on the bed with huge smiles on our faces.