What paid services would you support from MarriageHeat.com?A Christian Matchmaker who interviews individuals to determine compatibility for meeting potential partners of the opposite sex for dating and actual introductionsAn Intimacy Coach to provide ideas and methods for fostering passionate marriagesAn Intimacy Marriage Conversations Minister to assist with challenges in marriage and marital intimacy.Online Workshops and Seminars on Enhancing Marital Intimacy and Communication.Online Courses and Resources for Strengthening Marital Bonds and Intimacy.No additional coaches or ministers needed; current resources are sufficient.Other?View ResultsLoading ...Pick four answers.Song of Songs Bible StudySong of Songs 1:5-6 –Look not upon me, because I am black because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother’s children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.Metaphors and Interpretation“Look not upon me because I am black:”She teases him, saying, “Don’t stare at my beautiful black skin.” (See beyond my black skin.) The NIV translates it as, “Do not stare at me because I am dark.”“Because the sun hath looked upon me:”She attributes her beauty to the sun. The sun might symbolize external factors or influences that have shaped her, making her the beautiful person she is today. It could also represent trials that have fortified her spirit.“My mother’s children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but my own vineyard have I not kept:”Mother’s children: This refers to her siblings or those close to her family. Everyone carries scars from childhood. Both the sun (external influences) and these trials contribute to one’s growth and beauty.Keeper of the vineyards:Symbolically, this could represent the responsibilities and pressures placed on the bride, which might encompass societal expectations or familial duties. We all face various challenges and adversities, many from our younger years. Marriage offers a space to heal and discuss these wounds. All our experiences, good and bad, shape our identities.Sacred Text – Ephesians 4:25:Therefore, putting away falsehood, speak truth each one with his neighbor. For we are members of one another. Read Numbers 12.Heat Conversations:How have external factors or influences, symbolized by ‘the sun,’ impacted your self-perception and self-esteem in our relationship, and how can we support each other through such challenges?Can you share a time when you felt burdened by responsibilities or societal expectations, like the bride’s role as ‘keeper of the vineyards,’ and how it affected your emotional well-being and our relationship?Can we create a safe space within our relationship to discuss and heal from the wounds and hurts we may have experienced, whether from family or other sources? How did these experience make up the beautiful people we are?