(A) – This story contains anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.One thing I always yearned for was the feeling of my husband’s cock in my ass.Unfortunately, my husband was initially not on board with the idea, fearing he would cause me too much pain. I understood his concerns and didn’t push the issue, but secretly I started “training” myself for this possibility.I bought some lube and a series of dildos, starting small and ranging up to a size similar to my husband’s cock. During the day, when he wasn’t home, I used them to prepare myself. Gradually, I found that I was becoming more relaxed and able to handle larger sizes. As I talked with my girlfriends who had gone through the process of anal penetration, they gave me advice on how to approach my husband and what to say if the opportunity arose. I learned from them that communication and relaxation were key in making this experience pleasurable.As time passed, our sex life flourished, and we experimented with everything from vaginal to oral to breast sex. However, my husband still had not ventured into my backdoor. He would sometimes teasingly run his cock between my cheeks, but that was the most he would do.Then, one night when I was feeling particularly aroused, I took the initiative. I turned onto all fours and said to him, “Please fuck my ass! I need you to now!”He was surprised by my sudden request. “Are you sure? It might hurt,” he warned me.But without hesitation, I urged him on, saying, “Go for it. I’ve been preparing, and I’m ready!”With that, he hesitantly agreed. We lubed up, and he slowly pushed himself inside me. The feeling of his cock penetrating me anally was indescribable—it was so tight, a bit uncomfortable, almost painful at times, and yet somehow it felt amazing.My husband could sense my pleasure, and his own excitement grew at the sensation of entering a tighter passage. He thrust carefully but enthusiastically as I moaned in pleasure.I barely touched my clit and I climaxed, and felt my tight ass clench around his cock. That set him off, and I felt him spasm inside me, filling my ass with semen. When we both recovered, he finally pulled his softening cock out of my ass, which leaked his cum. I was prepared with a tissue to cover my vagina, to minimize any contamination issues.“That was incredible,” he said breathlessly afterward, and I couldn’t agree more. We decided that in the future, we would take extra precautions for cleanliness, like him wearing a condom, or me using a pad during anal sex.As we continued to explore this new aspect of our intimacy together, we learned to communicate and trust each other even more deeply.