(F) – This story contains a fantasy of extra-marital sex.This was a typical day in which I was feeling very needy for my future husband.  I’m in my luteal phase, and it’s interesting to note the various sexual moods I find myself in as I near my period.  One day I’m raging with unsated desire and masturbate with all kinds of wild fantasies playing through my brain, then the next I feel gentler and burning to be tenderly held and slowly made love to.  Today was such an one.I started my foreplay by wearing a white G-string and rubbing it over the slit of my pussy teasingly.  Then I laid down on my back and massaged my mound until I was quite slick.  Usual towel-grinding followed while I watched a sweet, romantic sex video of a couple in a tropical resort bedroom, lovingly touching each other and giving oral and penetrative pleasure.Up next was some fingering while I resumed lying on my back, and I reached for my vibe, but I had dried up rather quickly and was stiff.  So, more grinding, and I was nice and slippery and loosened in moments.I sat up with my back against the bed and faced the mirror as I pushed my vibe into my pussy.  Oh man! It felt amazing.  I could literally sense the bulbous head of the vibe rubbing along delightful spots in my channel.  I’ve said before that those nerves seem to be “waking up,” and sliding my finger or vibe inside me is really offering me pleasure. (Praise the Lord!)As I watched the scene in the mirror, my mind painted intimate pictures involving my future husband.I pretended we were on our honeymoon and he was thrusting gently into me, enjoying my pussy and marveling at how creamy I get.  I was encouraging him, begging him to cum.  With my right hand I fingered my pussy lips and clitoral hood, and with the left I screwed myself, trying different angles, imagining I was accepting his strong, full cock.At one point, I flipped onto my belly and writhed on the vibe, still rubbing with my right hand, but with my arms pinned under me, it wasn’t that comfortable.  I nearly came, though!I returned to my spot before the mirror and gazed over my lamplit body, my softly-toned belly, my tanned arms, my long, untied hair, my small round breasts with the taut pink nipples, my flushed vulva shining with my fluids, and I kept whispering to my invisible partner.The vixen in me came out and I fantasized that my husband had invited a few friends into the room and let them each take a turn in me.  After one guy “came,” I would pull the vibe out and let my cream drip out, pretending it was his cum.  Then I’d drive it back in, pretending it was the next guy ramming into my used pussy.Finally my “husband” reclaimed me, engulfed by a very wet, squishy cunt, and I welcomed him in and talked him into unleashing his load in me.  I spasmed around the vibe.  The sensations flooded me so quickly that I jerked it out, hoping I might squirt.  I didn’t, but it still felt delightful.  A few shakes and shudders, and I took some deep breaths to calm myself.Oh, how I longed to finish such a delicious session with the one man God has set apart for me!  I can’t explain what I felt.  I just wanted to give him indescribable pleasure, and to receive the same from him.  I wanted to kiss his mouth lazily, to go limp in his arms, to feel his sweaty skin, to hold him and be held by him.  May it be so someday, dear Lord!