What I am about to write may be an inspiration for some of you younger folks.The Lord brought my wife and I together 33 years ago, and it is HE that has kept us together. We have had many trials and tribulations during this time. We have always been able to communicate our sexual fantasies and desires.When we were planning to get married, she let me know that if she ever discovered I was having sex with another woman, I would wake up some morning and find my nuts in her hand and they would not be attached to my body. She doesn’t say anything that she doesn’t mean, so I believe her. She let me know that my “cum” belongs in or on her body and no where else. If I ever found her to be undesirable, I was to let her know and we would get divorced—just don’t have an affair. Thankfully, she has met and exceeded every sexual expectation I have ever had, so there have not been even a thought of an affair.And now to my (our) sex issue. For years, I had prayed to the Lord to allow me to last longer before ejaculation during intercourse. Well about three years ago, HE granted me my desire—in a way. I suddenly discovered that I was unable to ejaculate within my wife’s hot body. It was definitely NOT what I had in mind when I had prayed to last longer. (Be careful of what you pray for.)I discovered that I could still ejaculate by vigorous hand work. So I would prop up her hot body on a couple pillows, jerk off with one hand, and hold open her labia with my other hand. Therefore, I was still able to cum in her.When this issue started, it was my belief that she would feel I no longer found her to be desirable. Much to my relief, my loving wife had no issue with what I perceived as a problem. My tongue was still able to bring her to orgasm. My wife has just accepted my issue as being age related and nothing to get excited about.And now for the past year, or year and a half, I haven’t even been able to jerk off where and when I want to. I haven’t been able to cum between her lips like before, but I have been able to jerk off while standing and looking out the pantry window. I will have the urge to cum, but it just will not let go for some time. It might be a few days or a week, and one time it was even 22 days between times when I was able to release. One thing about it, is that when I do cum, it is one intense, exhilarating feeling that starts in my toes and flows upward throughout my whole body.Thankfully, after seeing people in the medical profession, and with my wife’s understanding and help, I have been able to accept what has happened to me. I am still able to “cum” into my loving wife. I cum into a cup, suck it into a syringe and slip it into her hot body.Hopefully, for some of you younger folks, when you start to have sexual issues, you will be encouraged to try different means for bringing sexual pleasure to each other.Even though I can’t cum every time we have sex, I am still capable of bringing intense orgasms to my loving wife. I am so grateful for the Lord bringing us together. As of last December 21st, we’ve had 33 years of great sex. We may be 78 years old, but we still enjoy sex like youngsters. Thankfully, my deliciously wet wife quit work the end of September, so we have now been able to enjoy each other three to four times a week. Last Saturday and her recent 78th birthday are absolutely fantastically memorable.