It’s been a long week, and you and I are a little bit exhausted from all the stuff we dealt with after we showered. I told you to leave the room for a minute. You waited patiently in the living room while I set up. A couple of minutes later, I came back to get you, walked into the room lit by candles, and there was soft music playing. I grabbed your hand and walked you to the bed. I hugged you and then reached toward your waistline to take your panties off. I took them down to the floor before coming back up, grabbing your shirt, and pulling it over your head; I gently reached around you and unclassified your bro and then held you close, skin on skin, before asking you to turn around once you turned around. I grabbed your blindfold and then led you to the bed. I helped you position yourself down.I told you to relax, waiting as I warmed up Mass oil; I started by gently stroking your shoulders and back with the warm oil, then I massage deeper to help you relax. My strokes on your back got lower and lower until I was able to touch that sweet ass body glistened from the oil and the candlelight.  Just seeing you like that instantly made my cock begin to stiffen gently, reached out and caress it, as well as my balls through my underwear.  I continued your massage as you played my cock.. so hard that my underwear couldn’t hold me anymore, so I let them drop to the floor, and you immediately grabbed hold of MY shaft as I continued to stiffen and massage, move down your legs, and I gently played along the sensitive parts of your ass, occasionally running my hands between your legs to feel your sopping, wet pussy.  Your breathing, and you let out a moan with every touch once I finished massaging your legs. I rolled you over onto your back. I came up beside you and whispered into your ear that I love you and that you’re beautiful as I kissed down your neck into your lips.Once again, I used to warm boil to cover your body, leaving no part of you untouched and being careful to stop and gently caress and play with your nipples as they hardened in my fingers.  I gently grabbed your thighs to pull your legs apart, took more oil, and again to play with your pussy. Your back began to arch as I gently massaged around and into your sweet hole.  With one hand on your pussy, the other hand was working back and forth between your erect nipples.  With your leg spread, I reached for your vibrator.  I turned it on, applied some oil and softly ran it up and down your lips..  I gently went back and forth, playing around your hole before working my way down and burying my face in your pussy. I was eating you out while the vibrator would gently caressing your clit.  I was completely turned on by having your juices run down my face while you moaned. I continue to hold the vibrator on you and use my hand to gently run across your pussy for some oil.  my thick veiny cock in my hand and gently stroked it while I pleasured you.I positioned my body on the bed where my cock was close to your mouth, and you immediately took it in while you played with my balls. I was enjoying your pussy and reached for your dildo of me.  I oiled it up and gently began to slide it inside of you while my tongue was still exploring your hole.  As you continued to take my cock in your mouth, I gave you the entire dildo, and you let out a moan.  I gently pulled it in and out of you while I fucked your mouth.  I set up and repositioned myself, spread your legs and pull the dildo out of you gently as I simultaneously buried my hard warm cock in you. I wrapped my arms around you holding your ass cheeks in my hand as I fucked you with long deep strokes, I can feel your tightening around me, as if you were ready to cum.  I pulled out of you gently, slipped your toy over my cock and around my balls..I turned the vibrator on and gently pushed my cock deep inside of you, landing the vibrator on your clit and making you squirm as you were moaning and saying just like that.  Once again, I could feel your pussy tighten around me, so I held my cock deep inside of you as you began to cum and squirt for me.  As I feel your warm juices burst on me, I immediately begin to come. You can feel my cock, pulsing and throbbing as my hot load hits your vaginal walls. I continue fucking, and you cum again.  I am sensitive, but I begin pumping, and when I do, I have another orgasm shooting even more, coming deep into that wet pussy.  Juices blend and run out of your hole onto your ass and down my cock and balls as we lay there satisfied.