My horny wife has been really on fire lately, initiating sex far more frequently—not that I am complaining! Often, she will tease me throughout the day, flirting and flashing me while I work.One day after finishing work, I left my office to find my horny wife and “punish” her for being such a shameless flirt. It was a very nice day and the kids were outside playing. I found my wife in the kitchen, leaning on a counter and typing on her computer. She was bent forward at the waist, resting on her forearms and pushing her round ass backward. Her firm buttocks are marvelous at any time. But when clothed in a thin pair of short running shorts and pressed outward in this position, they were irresistible.Smoothly, I stepped up behind her, placed my hands on her hips and pressed my pelvis against hers.“Well hello there,” she said, eagerly pushing her round buttocks against my rapidly hardening manhood. “I just have to finish this one thing first.”“Okay,” I said out loud, but inwardly I had no intention of letting her finish that one thing. Whatever it was. So subtly, I set about changing her mind.My hands slipped under her loose t-shirt and found her breasts hanging free and full and glorious under the loose folds of fabric. They yielded gently to my touch, her nipples already hardened from brushing against her shirt.“Hey,” she said, squirming. “I am trying to do something here.” But she didn’t pull away. Instead, she pressed her ass against me with even more urgency. I smiled. My plan was working.Pressing against her, I continued to fondle her breasts.“I thought you were good at multitasking,” I teased.“I am,” she said, “but you are making this hard.”“Actually, you made THIS hard,” I said, pushing my erect penis against her ass. She snorted at my poor attempt at humor then gasped as I lightly pinched her sensitive nipples.“Stop it,” she said without much conviction. I smiled and slipped a hand down the front of her shorts. “Hey!” She said, coming up on the tips of her toes, and in the process, rubbing against my rock-hard rod. She gasped as my finger found her already wet hole and then, slicked with her natural lube, stroked her very sensitive little clit. She pursed her lips to keep from moaning and tried vainly to pay attention to the glowing screen in front of her.It was time. I pulled my hand out of her shorts and pulled down my own shorts and underwear. I grabbed her hips and stepped forward to slip my penis between her legs and rub it over her fabric-covered but still sensitive clit. She whimpered with desire, wiggling her hips against me. I took this as a sign and sent her own shorts and panties down around her ankles. I knew I had won when she stepped out of her shorts, spread her long lovely legs, and tilted her hips back towards me.Stepping out of my own shorts, I obliged her horny invitation by slowly pushing the full length of my shaft into her wet and waiting hole, eliciting a moan from my bride. She leaned forward to rest her head on her arms, computer completely forgotten, and began to slide back and forth on my shaft, coating it with her juices and bouncing her ass off my hips. I let her take the lead at first, loving the sight of her pleasuring herself on my manhood. She moaned as she rode back and forth along my length, until an approaching climax caused her to slow down. I then took over, grabbing her hips and with a few rapid thrusts sent her crashing over the edge into her first orgasm. I held her up by her hips as her legs turned to jelly.When she recovered enough to stand on her own again, I slowly resumed thrusting into her, gradually building up to a steady rhythm. Annoyingly, my shirt kept slipping between us, so off it came. I then reached under her shirt to play with her swinging tits. Now that I was naked, I found her shirt to be annoying too. She lifted first one arm then the other as I slipped the offending garment up over her head and flung it aside. I marveled at the beauty of her naked body, running my hands up and down the smooth skin of her back then forward to grasp her breasts, those the dangling globes of tantalizingly soft flesh that bounced with each thrust of my rod into her hungry, wet vagina.Then a thought struck me. My lovely horny wife bride and I were now stark naked, making love like newlyweds in the middle of the day with the windows open. We couldn’t be seen from our yard, so there was no risk of our young children seeing us, but if our neighbors were to come up our shared driveway and happened to glance over… But the chance of that was small. Anyway, she was about to come again and I was not far behind her.Turning my attention back to the lovely woman with my dick in her pussy, I began to pick up the pace. I was now mercilessly pounding her pussy as our mutual climax built rapidly. She pushed up off the counter, arching her back and raising her head, moaning and crying out with pleasure. I grasped her boobs, squeezing them and twisting her nipples.She came first, her body writhing and quaking as waves of pleasure crash over her. I was right on the edge and grabbed her hips, pulling her into me for one, two, three more desperate thrusts before, with a grunt, I shot stream after stream of hot cum deep inside her.Now spent and breathing hard from our exertions, we separated and gathered our clothes. She looked at me with a mock glare that could not hide her satisfied smile.“You’re so mean to me,” she chided. I leaned forward and give her a passionate kiss, which she returned.“You like it,” I said when our lips parted.She didn’t object.Related StoriesMy Horny Wife Gets PregnantMy Horny Wife