Ruby and I just got married after having dated for a few months. Those months were to prove our innocence regarding lovemaking, sexual matters, and details relating to how we got one another worked up.I noticed Ruby was very well experienced in sexual things. She never mentioned having any actual penetration. I put it aside and assumed she was a virgin. The nearest she came to giving the game away was a few days before we were married. We were in a passionate embrace, and I rubbed here on her “ hot spot” under her panties. Instantly she started stroking my erect penis, letting my zipper loose, and exposing my naked penis.We went on for a while and she uttered, “make me yours NOW!”I stopped immediately and said, “We will be in bed tomorrow; then we can enjoy ourselves.”The next day we were married, and finally we were to break the ice. At night, it was a different story. Besides us seeing one another naked, it was to be the night where we could now do as we pleased.Being the passionate one she was, we made love with great intensity. Ruby just wanted me to insert my penis in her vagina.I was as hard as a rock, and everything else was forgotten as sex was to us (at least to me) inserting my erection into her vagina. It was moist, and my pre-cum made a great difference as I went in gently and slowly. She responded with some level of expertise.We went about it with much pleasure, and I could feel the heat building in her as her body started shaking. At the same time, I burst and released a load of semen deep inside her, and wow! It was such a feeling of satisfaction that I actually passed out for a few minutes.When we finally untangled, she wanted more. It was an hour later before I felt my penis rise again. Up to then, she kept on reminding me, “You can do what you like with me.”Not having further thoughts about it, we proceeded to indulge in sex after sex. We spent the whole night in pure clean lovemaking and sex.Thereafter, on subsequent days and nights it was just sex, sex, and more sex. My confidence was boosted, and her activity seemed to want more than sex. So began to introduce things that were taboo to me then. But they reflected her intimate, unbridled sexual nature. This led to different experiments between us, which, in time, made our sex life blossom.