This post contains strong language (L) and anal play (A).Last week, Lucy and I were able to get a glimpse into what life might be like once our children grow up and leave the house.Don’t get me wrong: we love our kids dearly, but with our small house and busy schedules it sometimes feels like we’re constantly on top of each other —or rather, that Lucy and I are NOT on top of each other nearly as much as we’d like! Our sex sessions are often quick and quiet, since we don’t want to risk the sudden appearance of a curious child (we don’t have locks on our bedroom doors).We’ve also been working through Lucy’s recent issues with vaginal tightness, which requires more advance prep and deliberation — something I am totally into (and which I’ve written about in other stories), but which doesn’t always mesh with the current realities of our family dynamics.But last Friday, both boys were invited to separate after-school sleepovers, so Lucy and I had the whole house to ourselves. I’ve been working from home lately and had time to prepare a homemade lasagna that would be ready when Lucy got home from school. (She’s a middle school teacher.)At around 4:00pm, I got a text from her. “Heading home. SO EXCITED for our night alone!”I tossed a salad and uncorked a bottle of Italian wine. The table was set—fine china, crystal glasses, and two candles. I dimmed the dining room lights and put on some soft music.Soon, I heard the front door unlock. Lucy walked in, dropped her book bag in the foyer, kicked off her shoes, hung up her cardigan and came into the dining room. She took in the scene and smiled.“Beautiful,” she said.I enveloped her in a huge hug, feeling her warm skin through the crepe silk fabric of her blue paisley dress.“Happy Friday,” I whispered. She turned her face up to mine, and we shared a long, lingering kiss. My hands ran down the sides of her dress and reached around to cup her ass.Lucy gently pulled away from me. She winked. “Plenty of time for that,” she said. “I’m starving.”I poured Lucy a glass of wine and had her sit while I served the lasagna. Together we enjoyed a wonderful meal and debriefed our days, both of us tacitly acknowledging the rare absence of children’s unceasing questions and demands, allowing us to relax into leisurely conversation.Eventually Lucy stood up. “You cooked; I’ll clean,” she announced, and bussed our plates to the kitchen sink. She grabbed an apron from the pantry and tied it around her waist.I followed her into the kitchen. “We’ll do them together,” I said. “I’ll dry.” I grabbed a dish towel and carefully dried the plates and glasses as Lucy handed them to me.Lucy took the spray nozzle and started filling the lasagna pan. “I’ll let this soak,” she said, and then with a mischievous smirk, she suddenly turned the hose toward me, spraying my face and shoulders with a blast of warm water. “Whoops!” she laughed.“Oh, boy,” I retorted. I stepped back, twirling my dish towel into a little coil and snapping it hard against her tight ass. She jumped.”Ouch!” she yelped. “That smarts!” Lucy reached behind to rub her bum through her dress. ”I think you gave me a welt,” she whined.“Really?” I said. “I’m so sorry. I was just getting you back for the spray.”Lucy pouted, then winked. “Now you have to make it feel better,” she said. She turned her back to me and stuck out her hips. “Check it out and see.”I stood behind her. “You’ll need to lift your dress up so I can examine the area properly,” I said. “It’s a very delicate procedure.”“I’m sure it is,” she said. She reached behind to untie her apron strings and slowly raised the short dress up over her underwear.Standing behind her, I pushed her white cotton panties halfway down her thighs, revealing her smooth backside.Sure enough, on her left ass cheek there was a small red mark—no welt by any stretch of the imagination, but I guess my flick had been a little harder than I intended.Lucy looked over her shoulder. “You need to kiss it and make it better,” she demanded. I squatted down and pressed my lips against her ass, planting a big kiss on the red mark. I felt her muscles tighten. She hiked her dress up a little higher.Reaching up, I grabbed her ass with both hands, massaging each firm round cheek and slowly spreading them apart to reveal her delicate hole.Lucy let go of her dress and gripped the kitchen counter. “Oh, doctor, I like this procedure,” she whispered.I reached underneath her and traced my fingers across her pussy, starting with her clit and sliding my hand slowly across her lips to her ass. Then I spread her ass cheeks further apart and placed the tip of my tongue right at her rosebud.Lucy shuddered. “Oh, my.”“Just a little kiss,” I whispered, and blew softly on it.Lucy turned around and grabbed my shoulders, pulling me up to a standing position. She wrapped her arms around me and pushed her face against mine, locking me in a passionate French kiss. Our tongues explored each other. While we kissed she reached down to pull her underwear back up.Still entwined, we stumbled from the kitchen down the hallway to the staircase. We broke apart long enough for Lucy to take off her apron, which she tossed to the floor. Then she took a few backward steps up the stairs and lay down across them.I knelt on the second step and pushed her dress up to kiss her tummy, placing gentle kisses along the faint line of scar from our second son’s birth many years ago. I caressed her inner thighs and drew a circle with my index finger around her pussy mound.Lucy leaned forward, reaching out to unbuckle my belt and undo my pants. My cock sprung out, and she eyed it wantonly.“Put it in my mouth,” she said. “Right now.” She laid her head back on the carpeted steps and opened her mouth, pushing her tongue slightly out.I stood straddling her and carefully lowered myself until my hard cock was inches from her lips. Lucy raised her head, supporting herself on her elbows so she could take me in her mouth.She started sucking me off, just the tip at first, then a few inches more, then more. Her hair cascaded around her on the stairs and as I looked down I saw her breasts heaving underneath the paisley dress.I pushed myself deeper into Lucy’s accepting mouth and felt her tongue against my shaft. Slowly I pulled out until my tip danced tantalizingly above her. Lucy lunged forward to take me back, greedy lips and tongue searching and licking and kissing my cock as I straddled above her.”You are so sexy,” I said. “Watching you, feeling you, loving you… I am the luckiest man in the world.”Lucy reached around with both hands to squeeze my ass, at the same time sitting up more so she could fully deepthroat me. I was in heaven.However, I wasn’t ready to end things just yet! I gently extracted myself and leaned over to help Lucy up and guide her to the living room. Along the way, I grabbed the apron from the ground and a cushion from the couch and threw them both on the living room floor. I lay down with my head propped on the cushion. Now our roles were reversed — I was on the ground and Lucy was standing. I started caressing Lucy’s calves, looking up at her.“Your turn,” I said. “I want you to sit on my face. Leave your panties on.”Lucy stood over me with her legs spread. She took two fistfuls of her long curly red hair and gathered it in a bun on top of her head. Then she reached down to the buttons at the front of her dress and undid each one until the soft silk fabric fell open to reveal a teal lace bra underneath.Staring into my eyes, Lucy unfastened the clasp and let the bra open. Her milky white breasts jiggled, the dark pink areola and firm nipples providing a striking contrast against her smooth white skin.Lucy watched me admire the view. “You’ve always liked my tits, haven’t you?” she asked. “Even when they were smaller.”“They’ve always been perfect,” I said. “I love perky tits and firm nipples.”Lucy slowly circled her left nipple with her fingernail, lightly pinching it between her thumb and forefinger. “They’ve gotten fuller as I’ve gained some weight,” she said. “But they’re still pretty perky. And my nipples are still firm.”“And your ass is firm, too,” I said, reaching up for a squeeze. “Now stop dawdling and come place that pretty pussy on my face.”Lucy carefully dropped to her knees so that her hips were against my cheeks. The soft material of her dress brushed against my chest and face. I pushed it away and hooked my finger around the front of her panties, pulling them aside to show off her gorgeous auburn bush. Leaning into her, I licked her folds with long deep tongue-strokes, occasionally kissing and sucking and fingering her clit.“Ooooh,” Lucy whispered. Then she laughed. “There are no kids in the house! We can be as loud as we want!” She pushed her hips against my face. “Yes! Fuck my pussy with your tongue!” she yelled. “It feels so good!” She flung her hands in the air. “Wooo-hooo!”I took my face from her crotch for a quick breath. With my free hand, I reached behind her and inserted my fingers up and underneath her panties to cup her ass. With her legs straddled on either side of me, her ass cheeks were spread open enough for me to caress her little hole.“Your ass is perfect,” I told her. “I’m going to play with your little rosebud right now. I want to feel it pulse around my finger.” I pushed gently so the tip of my middle finger entered her back door.My other hand was at her front entrance, caressing her pussy that was becoming ever slicker with her juices. Knowing that she could be sensitive there, I took my time and was gentle with my fingering, testing how open she was and using her juices to help loosen her up.“Do you like having both holes played with?” I asked.Lucy leaned forward, propping herself on her hands so her pussy was still pressed at my face. I licked her hard little clit while at the same time playing with both of her holes. I felt like a concert violinist.“Yes,” she panted.“Yes, what?” I said. I pushed my finger deeper into her ass and felt it tighten.“Yes I like it when you fuck both holes,” she moaned.”Are you going to come?” I asked.”I’m so close,” she said. “Keep finger fucking me like this.”“Tell me exactly what feels good,” I said.”Everything,” she said.“Louder,” I commanded. I was working two fingers into her pussy and rubbing her clit with my thumb. My other hand caressed her ass, with my middle finger up to the second knuckle inside her tight hole. “Tell me more.”“I love your fingers playing with my pussy and my ass!” She writhed in pleasure. “My pussy feels so warm and wet, and I’m so close to coming! I can feel my ass tightening around your finger. It fills me up. I love that I can trust you enough not to worry about anything and lose myself in this moment.” Lucy thrust her hips forward. “Fuck, I love your hands and tongue dancing around my pussy and my asshole. I love how I can say ‘asshole’ to you and it’s not a bad word. I love how you can fuck my face and I can fuck yours… Oh, FUCK!”Lucy shivered and I felt her pussy and ass convulse together, tightening around my fingers as she came. She shook for a few moments while an intense wave of orgasm washed over her, then sat panting, leaning back on her haunches.I let her catch her breath for a moment. Then I motioned to a bottle of lubricant that I had hidden under the coffee table that afternoon, the only evidence of advance planning for the evening. Lucy raised her eyebrows and smiled a coquettish smile.“Only if you feel up for it,” I told her.Lucy rolled off me and crawled across the room to grab the bottle. Her pussy glistened as I watched her ass.“I am so ready,” she said. She crawled back over to me, straddled my hips, and handed me the lube. With a fluid motion she pulled the dress over her head and let it fall down next to her.“Oil yourself up,” she ordered. I squeezed a healthy dollop onto my palm and began stroking myself as Lucy crouched over me. Soon my cock was fully oiled and ready.“Now sit yourself down on this cock, my love,” I said.Lucy positioned herself over my stiff member and reached between her legs to grab on to me and hold me in place, her pussy hovering over my tip.“Your turn,” she told me. “Tell me all the things you can’t say when the kids are in the house.”I raised my hips, but Lucy kept herself just out of reach. Her free hand cupped her breasts, tweaking each dark pink nipple in turn.“I think you know most of it,” I said. “I love how you get sexier and sexier every year we are together. I love how we share the same values as parents, spouses, and lovers. I love how fantastic your ass looks when you wear this dress, or a pair of jeans, or just some old sweats. I love pulling off your panties and spreading your ass open. I love lifting your dress and licking your pussy from behind. I love your perfect tits and watching you play with them for me. I love your tummy and your C-section scar. I love your Celtic lion’s mane. I love your laugh. I love exploring your warm, moist pussy with my fingers and tongue. I love how wet you get for me. I love how we can be uninhibited and completely confident in our love and trust for each other. And I love the fucking incredible feeling when my cock fills your pussy…”Lucy smiled, leaned down to kiss me, and slowly lowered herself onto my waiting member. “Like this?” she whispered.“Just like this.” She was tight, but just loose enough for me to enter her. By her expression of deep concentration, I could tell it was a bit of a challenge for her, so I held back and let her set the rhythm.Soon Lucy started moaning louder and moving up and down with more force, so I took the signal and held her hips and began to thrust harder.Lucy sat up, moving her hands from her hair to her mouth to her breasts — lifting her arms above her head, then sucking her fingers and squeezing her tits, circling and pinching her nipples.As our pace quickened, she bounced up and down, letting my cock almost all the way out, then pushing herself back down on it. Her warm pussy lips gripped my shaft. I held her in place and started thrusting deeply into her, feeling myself build up more and more.Lucy leaned forward so I could suck on her firm pink nipples. My hands felt around again for her ass, finding her asshole and fingering it while my cock was buried deep into her soft welcoming space. Soon I started to reach my limit.“Oh, babe!” I yelled. “Your pussy is fucking PERFECT! So warm and soft. And you have world-class fucking tits! They are smooth and creamy with nice hard nipples that I love to suck on. And your ass—fuck, I could finger-fuck your tight little asshole all day! You are so sexy, my little fuck queen!” I started yodeling as Lucy tightened her moist pussy around my shaft.Lucy screamed. “Fill me up! Please fill my pussy! Shoot your hot cum into my wet cunt! Suck my tits and spread my asshole! I can’t wait anymore!”I plunged all the way up into her and shot my load deep into Lucy’s welcoming pussy.All of a sudden we both started laughing.”Oh my god,” Lucy laughed. “What was that? That was amazing!”“Think we had some pent-up sexual energy?” I said. “Not having kids in the house might not be such a bad thing.”Lucy fell on top of me and snuggled into my chest.“I’m going to try to arrange another group sleepover,” she said. “NOT at our house!”