The more I saturate myself in a sex-positive outlook, the more I find allure and sensuality in even small things.  I’ve said before that all my senses are very keen; I’m visual, aural, tactile, etc.  My goal is to utilize all these faculties in my sexual practice, especially if I ever become a wife.  I want to appreciate every detail about my future husband.  And as I learn more about anatomy and sexuality and the uniqueness of the male and female physiology, a lot of things have taken on a new titillation for me.  This is just a fun post about all these delightful little things.I’ve talked about some of the more obvious traits that I find really tempting.  A man’s v-line is Number 1 on the list.  I see that and my pussy throbs.  Maybe because it’s more visible on fit men and fitness is important to me, or because it’s naughty, since it’s so low on his torso and shouldn’t be exposed.Male chests are also one of my favorite things to look at.  I like hairy or smooth, with more rounded pecs.  I don’t care too much about a 6-pack, as long as he’s trying to work on his core.Oh, and a guy’s back!  There’s a poster at my doctor’s office showing the rear view of a male torso, and I always fantasize that it’s my future husband and I walk over and kiss all over those rippling muscles.Did I mention arms?  Strong and chiseled, with defined biceps and shapely forearms.  Healthy and worked-out, I guess I mean.  Though I don’t go for that over-the-top bodybuilder physique where the guy looks like he’s going to bust out of his skin.  It looks fake.  (Same for women; I like muscle, but not a made-of-rock body.)Moving on…The male jawline and neck are very attractive to me.  I don’t care for a super-square jaw, but I love just the definition of it.  I love the muscles and veins in the neck.  My preference is clean-shaven; that grayish shadow of a freshly-shaved jaw is so sexy to me.  I forget where I first noticed this, maybe a shot in a movie, but I get extremely aroused by the view from below of a guy’s chin and jaw.  For some reason, it’s just so masculine and strong and rugged.  I love the idea of being somehow placed so that I can look up and see the underside of my man’s jaw.Another thing is a man’s hands.  Oh boy.  I never used to notice hands, but I do now.  I stumbled on a Reddit thread called Man Hands, and just those pictures make me hot and needy and antsy in my core.  I like them supple and veiny, weathered, maybe some hair on the backs of them, and looking like they work hard.  Maybe I’m just weird!  But I think of a man’s hands all over my body, touching me where no man has ever touched, pleasuring me, holding me, making me feel that I am his, and I could just faint.  My future husband is going to have very appreciated hands!Next—and this one is also very tantalizing when I think of it—is when a guy sucks his belly in when he’s being heavily stimulated.  I’ve seen this in numerous things (movies, workout ads, etc.) and it’s such a raw reaction.  It’s like he can’t help but inhale and tighten his abs because of the sensation he’s receiving.  And it might not even be genital pleasure.  It could be that he’s being kissed or touched on his back or neck or legs.  It’s that tight belly and pronounced ribcage that gets me.  Whew!  I will sure enjoy drawing that reaction out of my future husband someday.I know that other things have struck me and I’ve filed them away in my brain to explore further, like voices and smiles.  As far as voices go, I like them to be, again, masculine.  Unmistakably male.  That’s not anything against guys with higher or softer voices; everyone is made uniquely by God.  But different things attract different people.  Since I’m so old-school and old-fashioned and fiercely feminine, I want to be complemented with fierce masculinity.  And by fierce, I don’t mean vicious.  I mean…intense and grounded and confident.  That’s the overall physical/physiological trait I’m looking for.In the meantime, I’m keeping my senses on the alert and enjoying this journey of observation and cultivating my likes and dislikes.  Sometimes I wonder how my future husband is going to view me when we first meet (whenever that happens).  I think of myself as being somewhat peculiar, in a funny way.  People kindly tell me that I’m beautiful, though I know I’m not model material.  But again, everyone has their own special tastes.  Every category of person has admirers.  My dad and I were discussing this recently.  He was saying that sometimes you look at a couple and wonder how on earth they ever got together.  The truth is that each found the other attractive.  That’s what matters.Besides, our culture has put unrealistic beauty standards on us, especially women.  Real people don’t look like the Hollywood stars or the Instagram models.  That’s all photoshopping and colorizing and air-brushing and extreme editing.  My belief is that physical beauty comes from caring for your body, which is a gift from God and, for a Christian, the Holy Spirit’s temporary housing.  Use what you have and take care of it.  Most importantly, follow and love Jesus more.  That’s where real beauty comes from anyway.It’s going to be so fun and wonderful to find a guy whose preferences and likes are realized in me.