The other day while sitting and pondering raw, animal sex with Queen (which I often do), I said to myself, “Self, you ought to seduce Queen to have raw, animal sex!” Pretty linear thinking, I know. But we had to go food shopping first, and I also love to go food shopping with Queen! I mean, Iloveit!I love it because I get to push the cart behind her and literally lust for her amazing ass, from produce all the way to frozen foods! I pester her with suggestive comments about cucumbers, peaches, bananas, pepperoni, sausage links, and how many pineapple chunks I should get. (Pineapple does work, guys!)Anyhow, between her incredible ass and the plethora of asses wearing yoga pants “in the wild”, I start to get turned on, and the pre-cum wet spot on my shorts becomes more difficult to hide. My thoughts drift to CreamyPatty’s story,Cock Talk Between Sistersand a comment exchange she and I had therein.Here’s some further rumination on the subject. (I would have made it a comment if I could ever manage a succinct post.)…Some expanded thoughts on my sexual theory, #247, in response to your Wal-Mart revelation. We are created by God as sexual beings, BOTH men and women, and we respond sexually. That’s exactly what’s supposed to happen. It’s not a sin in and of itself. It’s what we do with the sexual energy that is key!So when Queen and I are weekly-grocery shopping (local Hannaford’s), and I see an amazing ass in yoga pants, hers or someone else’s, as a guy, I’msupposedto get turned on! (I do!) If I didn’t, I hope she would ask, “Baby, are you okay? Her ass is to die for, and so is mine, and you’re looking at detergents! I want my horn dog back!”The Edge is where I get turned on by the aforementioned amazing ass and then choose to do something about it. I don’t think the old “bounce your eyes” church recommendation is effective because it denies my male reaction. I can take the heat and turn it to Queen (in-bounds) or lust for the other ass-owner (out-of-bounds).Patty, you said that at a local Wal-Mart, Jim checked out a perfect ass, and you did too, knowing he saw your ass in that shopper. And further, “… he would take her/me from behind at the checkout.” Sounds like his “maleness” is unfettered but “in bounds.” Seems like “That’s just the way it is with us.” Queen and me, too.You continued, “I have also noticed guys’ cocks bulging through their pants and bring it to Jim’s attention, commenting, “Think that guy’s hardon would be even more visible if I flashed him your favorite tits?” Sounds like your created “femaleness” (horny and honest) is unfettered but “in-bounds.”I have zero problem with Queen noticing a bulge or a great guy-ass in jeans and sharing, “Oh my goodness, that’s an amazing ass (or bulge). I think I’m feeling a little “hungry”! We need to check out and get alone soon!” In fact, I want her to, or else I’ll ask, “Baby, are you okay? Forget the scented hand soap. I want my vixen back!”Women are too often written off as being less sexual (or God forbid, asexual), and this is even more dangerous when they begin to believe it themselves. How can passion be light, airy, a happy place, energizing, etc., when you think it’s “not you”? Don’t believe the lie, ladies! Take back your passion, your heat, your lust!If we sense (see, hear, smell, read) something sexual, it makes sense that we get turned on. I don’t think we should fight that but rather nurture our awareness of the heat all around us and then be good stewards of that sexual energy. To me, that’s bringing it to my marriage bed with Queen and ripping up some sheets!Imagine the sexual-confidence Queen would have if, when I told her she had an amazing ass or pointed out a hot ass in the wild, she just knew I was going to fuck her later? (“I just know he’s going to fuck me later! I can’t wait!”) Or vice versa, she to me.(Caution: this is not for everyone. Work through it with your spouse!)So rather than resist the heat between us and all around us (i.e. “In The Wild”) I’m for seeking, finding, nurturing, stewarding, and applying sexual heat with Queen alone in our marriage bed. To those of you providing such “fuel”, thanks, and thanks in advance. We hope we return the favor. Stay passionate, my friends!Again, admittedly a thought piece. I hope it sparks deep thoughts, deep conversations, and deep fucking! Carry on.