This post contains strong language (L).I was standing at the sink, doing the dishes.  Tim had just woken up from a nap.  Stepping behind me, he began rubbing my shoulders and neck.  He rubbed harder, and I moaned, “You better stop, or you have no clean dishes, mister.”Tim chuckled, and gently rubbed his thumbs into the base of my skull. My legs went weak and I felt my body go soft.  He moved his hands to the sides of my head, and rubbed softly and slowly, applying more pressure.  My body went limp, my eyes fluttered, and the room spun.  Such an incredible feeling, as he wrapped his arms around me to steady me.“I’m sorry I got so dizzy, baby.”I leaned back against him, and he lowered his head, softly kissed my neck, and then rubbed my temples again. I felt faint.  As I placed my hands on the sink to steady myself, Tim started rubbing my belly button, sending tingles throughout my body. He was kissing my neck, rubbing my temple and also my belly button, and softly whispering how beautiful I am.My mind floated and my body tingled from head to toe.  He slid one hand down, and other up, until he squeezed my big tits. I moaned as he spun me around, taking my head in his hands, rubbing my temples again, and pressing his lips to mine, kissed me deep and passionately.  He slid his hands between us again, unable to resist squeezing my big tits and pinching my nipples.“I love your big fucking tits,” he whispered hotly into my ear.My body fire was building as he spoke so crudely to me and about me. Tim pulled back and lowered his head to lick, suck, and then bite down hard on my nipple, causing me to vibrate and cry out in a mixture of pain and raw pleasure.  He did the same to my other nipple.  He took my hand and led me to a kitchen chair and sat me down.  His boxers tented straight out as he pulled them down to expose his big beautiful cock.I moaned and reached for it, but he pulled away and said no.  Instead, he slowly stroked and squeezed his cock until his pre-cum leaked out.  Pressing his cock to my big, hard nipples, he rubbed his clear cream all over them.  Stepping closer, his cock nearly reaching my lips, he rubbed and pinched my nipples, now slippery with his cream.  My mouth opened and I moaned.  I rubbed his coated cock all over my lips, and then he tells me to lick it. Moaning, I do it, and again taste his delicious cream.Slowly he pushed his cock into my mouth. I strained to open wide enough, and gagged as he pressed deeper against my throat.  Holding my head, he began sliding his cock in and out of my mouth.  I did my best to breath and not gag with every thrust.  Soon I relaxed enough to really enjoy my mouth being fucked hard and fast.“Oh fuck, are you ready, baby?”  Suddenly, he pulled my head tight and pushed his cock into my throat. I quickly swallowed as he groaned, and I felt his hot cum shooting straight down my throat, coating it as I did my best to keep up. I loved to feel it warming my belly.  He held me tight for a while until he had finished, and he slowly pulled out of my throat.  Once out, he reached down to lift me and set me on the counter.  Kissing passionately, he pressed his semi-hard cock into my pussy, using his fingers to feed it into me.We continue kissing as I felt his cock swell hard again and fill me completely.  I squeezed him tightly in my arms as I moaned a long time.   Hooking his big, strong arms under my knees, he lifted my tiny body off the counter, as I was impaled on his big cock.  His strong hands were squeezing my ass as he lifted me and dropped me down hard and fast on his cock, over and over.  Holding his neck, I moaned into his shoulder, as he bounced me like a play thing on his cock.  My pussy spasmed and creamed all over his cock.  My body rocked, and continued to spasm. Feeling light headed and with my eyes fluttering, my pussy continued to spasm and cream, again and again.“I’m so sensitive.” I said, begging him to cum, begging him to stop, but not really wanting him to stop.His cock felt bigger and harder than ever as he fucked me with such power. I am like a rag doll in his arms, as he continues to piston into me.  I’ve lost track of orgasms and time.  The next thing I remember is gasping, opening my eyes, and seeing my husband standing, holding my legs against his chest, and continuing to fuck me.  He smiles and grins,”Welcome back.”He grunted and groaned loudly, as he pulled me deep onto him. I screamed out as his cock filled me to my core, and exploded over and over, shooting strong blasts 0f  his cum deep inside me.  Like nothing I’d experienced so far in our marriage, I began to cry with intense love and pleasure .  He pulled his big, hard, cock out, and I saw it seemed thicker and harder, with veins pulsing all over.  He grabbed the base of his cock and unclipeds a ring around it. With this release, his cock erupted, shooting yet another rope of hot cum all over me.I moaned and gasped at the sight, as my eyes closed and I felt my husband wrap me in his arms and hold me tight.