It’s been some time since I’ve last posted. While our sexual interactions have resulted in increasingly greater intensity for my Mary, they have decreased a bit in frequency. Why? We’ve experienced unusually hot and humid weather recently, and this makes intimate play a bit less enticing. Desire seems to lessen (for me anyway) as hot weather and high humidity arrive.On cooler nights, like last night, our play time resumes. I’ve noticed Mary’s increased boldness in massaging her private parts while applying lube, while I initiate gentle body massage and breast play. This gets her excited quickly!As my hand caresses her opening, it reveals her vaginal lips are swelling, and her clit is erect. She inserts a finger, then two inside herself, and begins rubbing her clit, leading to a relatively quick climax. Her face flushes bright red, and her breathing quickens. She continues her activity and experiences another quick orgasm.As I watch, I encourage her to ride her orgasm as long as she can, then encourage her to try to have another, saying, “I know you can come again.” And she does!After stopping to reapply more lube (it seems to absorb into her skin), she continues to rub herself, stopping only when I ask if she wants to put down a towel. She knows why I make this suggestion. I can tell that she’s ready to have a squirting orgasm, as her clit and lips have swollen to a larger degree, and are now greatly enlarged. They’re also much more sensitive to touch.I also suggest she kneel after putting down a thick towel, so she can give my hardened erection some oral attention. I say this as I’ve learned Mary will squirt (or gush) when she has a strong orgasm while in this position.Mary responds by licking my erection and massaging my balls. It feels glorious! I ask her to go slow, so my pleasure doesn’t end too soon.   She begins licking the sides and head of my member, moving away from the more sensitivefrenulumarea.While she’s administering oral attention to my erect member, I insert a well-lubed finger in her love canal. It brushes against her swollen clit and continues to her engorged g-spot. I press firmly against the swollen tissue and slowly rub the area. I use my index finger to massage her g-spot, and my thumb to rub her clit. She lifts her head off my member and begins moaning & trembling. I continue my slow but firm rubbing until she lets out a loud, gasping “Ohhh!” and her fluid sprays over my hand. She starts rapidly thrusting against my now wet fingers, and releases another strong stream of fluid. My hand is soaked, the towel is saturated, and she continues to thrust against my fingers. She slows and then whispers, “Wow… that felt great!”I inform her that I need to add some lube for continued play, as she’s washed off my fingers, hand, and her sensitive body parts with her release. She hands me the lube and begins rubbing her breasts using both hands, as I reinsert my lubed finger inside her and resume rubbing her swollen g-spot. Her body quivers as she experiences another strong orgasm when I begin rubbing the same sensitive areas, and still more fluid is released. When it rains it pours! At least it’s pouring from my Mary tonight.I suggest the bald headed avenger make an entrance, knowing she’s more than ready for him. She straddles me, and as I feel myself slide inside her wet and smooth vaginal walls, I notice how those muscles have relaxed from her strong orgasms, but they remain swollen and sensitive as she begins riding me.I encourage her to move slowly, but this doesn’t last long. As her next orgasm begins to build, she starts humping me rapidly again, her movement building faster and faster until I’m unable to stop my release. As I explode inside her, she continues to ride me until she has yet another release of her body fluids, the wetness running down from her, soaking my groin.“That was intense,” she says, followed by, “I love you.” When she climbs off me, I can smell the scent of our lovemaking. As I feel myself starting to drift into sleep, I say a prayer, thanking God for providing such a loving and passionate partner for me.