This post contains strong language (L).This is my first story I hope you guys like it.Let me start with an introduction: my name is Paula, and my husband is Rick. My hubby is 10 years younger than I am. I am over 50, and he is over 40; we have been married for 20 years. I will try to keep this short.I met my husband in church. We felt attracted to one another early on, but the age difference kept him from pursuing me at first. We were both fairly worldly before we came to Christ, and that hadn’t satisfied either of us. Because of that, we both wanted a committed relationship based on God’s word, so when we eventually began dating, we agreed to wait until (and if) we exchanged vows before we fucked.Though we hadn’t dated very long by the time he asked me to marry him, we’d had a lot of conversations about sex and how we thought a marriage should function. I made sure he understood that I wanted him to take leadership in our marriage and that I not only agreed with him “lording it over me,” to use a Biblical phrase, I longed for it—but only because I had come to know him as a self-sacrificial servant of God. Now, I know my mindset will ruffle a lot of feathers; most women today don’t ascribe such authority to their husbands, and I think many marriages are the worse for it.Although we resolved to wait for marriage before sex, wewouldkiss and make out. And from the first time we got hot and heavy, I noticed how hard his cock would get in his pants. I could not help but think how badly I wanted him to fuck me, wanted to feel that cock pounding into my pussy. I would rub it through his pants as we kissed, but he never let me touch it.One of those times, as our wedding day drew near, Rick asked me if I wanted to see what I’d get when we were married. He stood up, took his pants off, and my mouth dropped! There in front of me was the biggest cock I had ever seen, and it was rock hard. It had to be 10 inches long and was as thick as my wrist!He then told me to stand up and undress; he wanted to see my body, too.I said, “Yes, sir.”Now, I am thick with a big ass and tits. I’m pretty confident about my appearance, so I got completely undressed and stood before him as he looked me up and down. He told me how sexy I was and how much he loved my big tits and ass.“Thank you, sir,” I replied.After we redressed—Do you know how hard that was?—Rick told me that he wanted my pussy to be shaved smooth at all times and for me to wear G-strings only. Receiving those sexy instructions thrilled me! From then on, I did as he asked. He said he also looked forward to fucking me in my wedding dress on our honeymoon, so I should wear nothing under it.Again, I answered, “Yes, sir.” What an event to look forward to!So after a six-month engagement, our wedding day finally arrived. Even though I looked forward to all aspects of being married to this attentive, strong, caring, and responsible man, all I could think about that day was getting his huge cock inside me. I put on my wedding dress, which was cut low enough to show some cleavage and had a short skirt that hit about three inches above my knee. As he had requested, I wore nothing underneath.The wedding went off without a hitch, as did the reception following it. During our first dance as spouses, Rick held me close, and I could feel his hard cock pressed against me. Then, with his lips millimeters from my ear, he growled low, “I am going to destroy your pussy tonight.”Ladies, I don’t have to tell you that I started to drip. I could feel the creamy wetness coating the tops of my thighs.When the time came for us to make our escape, we drove toward the hotel he’d booked at the beach, with me still in my dress and he in his tuxedo. As we got further down the road, he asked if I’d worn anything under my dress.I simply pulled up the hem and showed him my now smooth pussy.Rick smiled. “Good girl.”When we arrived at our room, my new husband swung me up into his arms and carried me through the door. There, he let me down and kissed me. “Now you are mine!” he said against my still-throbbing lips before stepping back to take off his pants. His rock-hard monster cock stood straight up as he told me to get on my knees and suck him.This was the first time I’d gotten to touch his cock. Still in my dress, I dropped to my knees, already anticipating its taste. I could barely get my hand around the shaft, but it didn’t matter because he immediately told me, “No hands, young lady; lips only.”I took as much of Rick into my mouth as I could and started sucking his beautiful cock with just my lips. He told me to leave my red lipstick all over it.As distracted as I was, it came as a shock when Rick withdrew from my mouth and raised me to my feet, only to push me back onto the bed. I lifted my skirt and spread my legs wide as he began to lick my pussy like no one ever had. He fucked my pussy with his tongue as I started to move my hips and moan aloud for him to eat me.I felt my legs begin to quiver as the tension built up. Just before my pussy started pulsing, I screamed, “I’ma cum… Baby… oh my God… I’m gonna…” Then everything in my lower body clenched, and my pussy squirted all over him! No one had ever made me squirt like that; I soaked him, the bed, my dress… I drenched everything!Rick got up from devouring my pussy and pushed my knees as far up and back as they would go. As I begged, “Please, please fuck me now. Please,” he pushed his massive cock into my tight pussy. Every. Inch. I could feel my pussy being stretched apart. Soon he started pounding me good and hard, driving his cock deep into my tight, wet pussy. After only five minutes, I was squirting again, screaming at the top of my lungs, “Fuck my pussy! It’s your pussy, baby. Take it! Fuck your wife,” as he beat my pussy into the bed.He then flipped me over, got behind me, and grabbed my hair, pulling my head back. As he rammed his cock into me, I swear I could feel it pushing past my cervix and into a deep spot behind it. Rick pounded my pussy so hard that the headboard attached loosely to the wall bounced and banged. My new husband was “destroying” my pussy, just as he’d promised as we danced.Rick smacked my ass and said, “Who’s pussy is this?”I shouted with glee, “It’s your pussy, sir. It’s yours, and you’re tearing it up.” (I can hear some of you thinking,“With glee?”But if you’ve ever had your lover so overwhelmed with desire for you that he’s a wild man… well, then you know.)After 35 minutes of giving me the fuck of my life and pounding my brains out, Rick began to groan. “I’m gonna cum in my wife’s pussy,” he said. “In. My wife’s. Pussy!” And with that, he unloaded into me. You won’t believe me, but I could literally feel his cum hitting my pussy walls. Or maybe it was the vibration of it shooting through the constricted shaft, squeezed so tightly by my swollen cunt.He wound up fucking me another six times that night—We’d waited so long for this!—and by the next morning, my pussy was throbbing and sore. I could barely walk, but I had a smile a mile wide. He truly did destroy my pussy, and I loved every minute of it!