My wife and I had been in Costa Rica for a few days traveling in the mountains. We hiked and enjoyed the hot springs of La Fortuna, a small town and the gateway to Arenal Volcano National Park. One night we stayed late in the hot springs and enjoyed fondling one another in the comforting water, my hands up her swimsuit and her hands in mine.We could barely make it back to our Airbnb before making love in our bed. The Arenal volcano was framed in the background by our patio door, and our bed was comfortable but hard and firm like my erection. We both enjoyed how hard I could thrust into my sweet wife. But this was only an appetizer for what was to come!We were now in Samara on the beach. We had a beautiful room with a secluded porch and a bed-swing. It was so very isolated and romantic. On this day it rained for hours. We took advantage of this and lay on the bed-swing all afternoon with only a sheet wrapped around our naked bodies. The sound of the rain and having our legs intertwined was extremely erotic. With the calming drizzle, we napped and later read our Bibles together and prayed. Then we continued to read a book we started before our trip,Introduction to Talking Dirty. The book was a slow burn that heated us up, from mild to wild.Although we enjoy sex, my wife is not very adventuresome sexually and fairly guarded. As we continued to read the chapters, we came to level 2 which was erotic but tame: “I want you inside of me.” “You feel so hard.” “You feel so wet.” So far so good, and we were enjoying reading this out loud as we heard the rain pouring on the roof and enjoyed the warmth of each other’s bodies on the bed.Eventually came to some more intense language, which was fun to whisper to each other: “I love the way your dick feels.” “I love the way your pussy feels.” We shared these erotic thoughts effortlessly with one another… so far so good. On occasion, I’ve told my wife how much I love sucking her tits and eating her pussy, so this was language we have used in the throes of passion. However, she is not so vocal and doesn’t normally talk “dirty” to me.As we continued to read, the content got hotter, and I wasn’t sure how my wife would respond. As I read ahead, I felt a caution, so I simply told her that I was going to read this aloud and we could talk about it. I whispered the words on the page to her: “I want to fuck you. I want you to fuck me. I love how you fuck me.” I was really aroused and felt my dick getting hard on the bed.My wife didn’t shut me down, so I continued to read. The next sentence was “Fuck me harder!” Wow, this was fun and my wife was listening openly and without complaint.Then came the final chapter, with still more erotic and intense cries of passion. “I want you to fuck my pussy,” and “I want to fuck your pussy hard!” We lay in each other’s arms with our legs twisted around each other’s and my dick pointing into her leg, dripping pre-cum.I gently kissed her, and then we kissed more deeply and passionately. She surprised me by saying, “I want your hard dick now.” Man, was I excited because this was not her usual invitation to screw. So glad we read that book! I gave her what she wanted and slipped my dick into her steaming hot pussy.I said, “I love you, and I love how your pussy feels around my dick.”She whispered, “Oh, your hard dick feels so good in my pussy!”The bed swing was swaying back and forth to my thrusting.“I want you to eat my pussy!” my sweet wife commanded confidently. She wrapped the sheet around her, got up, went to the bedroom, and looked at me to follow.I got up naked and gladly followed her.She lay down on the bed and spread her legs wide, and I saw how wet and longing she was. I knelt down and buried my face in her pussy, gently licking her clit until she asked me to lick harder and faster.My normally quiet wife was moaning in pleasure and thrusting her pussy in my face harder and harder. I heard a low and forceful moan. Her legs wrapped hard around my face as she had an intense orgasm. She kept moaning and convulsing. Her pulsating legs clamped around my head so hard that it almost hurt, but I didn’t care. I plunged my tongue deep into her pussy and then kept licking her clit while she grabbed my hair and rocked back and forth on waves of that powerful orgasm! Her long “ohhhs …” were are great joy to me as her lover. I felt like I was 10-feet-high, or at least my dick was, haha!She said, “That was amazing!” and told me to lie down on some pillows on the bed because she was going to ride me like a cowgirl! I happily obliged, and as she mounted me, I was sucking her sweaty tits like I was starving. She bounced up and down, thrusting back and forth with her tits bouncing. I was loving every moment of it.I could feel myself cumming. She smiled a naughty grin as I cried out, “I love the way you fuck me!” This was unusual and gave me permission to talk dirty again. I told her, “I love fucking you!” as she thrust on my hard dick. Then I burst into the most intense orgasm, squirting cum all over her pussy until I totally relaxed. She lay down on top of me, and we dozed off, still listening to the beautiful rain.