(A) – This story contains light anal play.I looked up as she came in the room, and my heart stopped. Standing before me with a playful smile was a vixen dressed in a short, silky-black robe. My eyes wandered from her legs to her chest, barely covered in the loosely-tied fabric. As she moved, I found myself hoping a small breeze would blow open that sexy robe that barely covered her.Her eyes twinkled as she came to me, her playful lips curled in that smile. As she slid onto the bed, her robe tightened around her perfect chest. Her cleavage lay bare before me, just a thin knot holding the robe together. I was drawn to that knot, wondering how I could loosen it to see her body on display before me.As she leaned in to kiss me, the robe softly fell off one shoulder. It seemed she was playing with me, and her barely covered body was making my shaft quickly grow.I could feel my heartbeat in my rod. Just seeing her like this made me almost painfully hard. She could see that she was causing a reaction, and slid the covers off me to see all of me. I could see her smile as she looked down at me, rock hard. I couldn’t stand it any longer, and I quickly untied her robe, exposing her breast and giving a glimpse of her bare mound. She looked back at me, kissed me deeply, and I felt her hand wander down to my rod and she began gently stroking it. I moaned in pleasure and she playfully bit my lip.She gently slipped out of her robe, letting me gaze at her sexiness as she focused on my cock. She lay across the bed, propped herself up with her arms, and licked my throbbing head. I was surprised to learn that in this position I could see her gorgeous tits, hanging tantalizingly close to me, swaying sensuously as her head moved. My eyes moved from her nipples to her mouth as she sucked on my tip, eliciting a gasp of pleasure from me.I was pleasantly shocked to see her letting me watch as she worked. Seeing her lips around my shaft was the most visually stimulating sight I have ever seen. I basked in the view, watching her lips engulf me, seeing her swirling her tongue around me as she selflessly brought me such pleasure. I leaned back and sighed, loving the sensations.Suddenly, she stopped, took me out of her mouth, and moved lower. I groaned as I watched her tongue move down my shaft, down further, and lick and then gently suck on my balls, as her fingers gently massaging my tip. I could feel myself begin to leak precum, and saw her fingers running through my dew drops, rubbing it around my head. I was almost ready to explode, the pleasure was so intense. Seeing her massage my head with my ball swirling in her mouth almost put me over the edge, and I looked for a distraction.I reached around and began to gently stroke her mound. I felt her moan as she continued sucking my balls, sending a shiver through me. She opened her legs to give me better access to her, giving me the green light. I had rubbed her before, but only as foreplay and never for long. In this position, I was pleased to spend time on her, and I felt her mound swell and moisten as I continued rubbing.As her pussy grew wet, I increased my intensity. My fingers slid around her clit, and I felt it harden and her mound pulse. I rubbed her harder, and began to quickly slide my fingers in and around her glorious pussy. She grunted and placed my shaft back in her mouth, sucking me hard.Suddenly, I felt her cum. As I felt her juice run down my arm, she squealed, sucked me harder, and bit down a bit on me. This turned me on even more, and I continued working on her. My fingers moved around her slit, hitting her clit, massaging her lips, entering her, and sliding along and around her rim. I could feel her ass loosen as I rubbed it, and she came again.Without stopping her work on my cock, she moved to get on top of me, offering me her glorious pussy in the 69 position. I stopped for a moment to take in the view—her sexy pussy just before me, her wetness dripping over her hard clit and onto her mound… her rim pulsing with her breaths as she recovered from her last orgasm.I took in the glorious view, and then buried my face in the beautiful sight. We were animalistic, each trying to please the other while feeling our own intense pleasure. I felt her take all of me deeply into her mouth, and groaned as I worked on her. As I was buried in her mound, my fingers rubbed her rim and suddenly my mouth was full of her glorious cum as she spasmed in another orgasm.She couldn’t take it any more, so she moved off the bed and knelt before me, a stunning sight. As I lay at the edge of the bed, again I was able to see her take me in her soft mouth, watch her sexy, moist lips wrap around me. I was in heaven.I leaned back to enjoy the pure pleasure she was selflessly giving me, and loved feeling her tongue run across the back of my head again and again. It didn’t take long for me to feel the end coming, and I gently grabbed her to let her know I was close to finishing.She didn’t stop, but kept working even harder, and I was in awe as I looked down to see her continue to suck me as I came. She accepted most of my load in her mouth, and I saw it leak out as she finally gasped for air. That was the most erotic sight of the whole evening, seeing her take me all the way to the finish.We both collapsed on the bed, amazed at our recent exploit.  Before drifting off to sleep, I heard her whisper, “Happy Birthday, love…”