So, I’ve said in a former post that I get VERY wet when I’m worked up and hot.  I’ve been giving my vibrator more use, though I really never turn it on, just use it like a dildo.  The last two or three masturbation sessions have been awesome! I have climaxed harder than I ever have, and even though I know I have farther to go, I’m gaining so much hope and confidence.  Penetration actually feels good.  Anyhow, my vagina is unbelievably creamy and I’ve made a mess on the vibe and my hand.  I’ll give you a snapshot of the last couple sessions:I sit in my room, naked, back against the bed, facing my mirror.  I’ve worked myself up to heated wetness by rubbing myself through my clothes and then grinding my bare pussy on my usual towel.  Now I’m pressing a finger inside and accustoming those muscles to an intrusion.  Spicy dialogue with my future husband floats in bits and pieces through my brain: me asking him if he likes touching me.  If he likes his fingers in my wet cunt.  If he can hardly wait to be inside me.I get my vibe out (thepurple Gee vibefrom MarriedDance.com) and rub it along my squishy labia.  I’m so antsy, and I know I’ve warmed up and loosened enough to push in.  It slides in, slightly painful as the bulbous head is restrained at the entrance, then smoothly.  I draw it in and out with shallow strokes, sometimes twisting it, my palm firmly pressed against my clit.In seconds, my body is producing more lubricant, and the vibe is slick with my fluid—thick, white, and gooey, sort of like mucus.  I imagine the vibe is my husband’s cock, cramming in and pulling out of me, streaked with my cream.  That makes it so much hotter.  So does watching myself at work in the mirror.  I pull it out—there’s a slight sucking sound as it pops out—and a big drop of my cum slips from my hole.  I squeeze my pussy muscles and a little more follows.  The sight of a glob of cream oozing out of me conjures up thoughts of my husband cumming in me.I start up more hot dialogue with him in my head, encouraging him to go back in and fill me with more semen.  I slide the vibe back in (even more easily this time) and use it to screw every angle of my vagina.  There seems to be more sensation inside me the more I do this; certain spots feel alive as the vibe caresses them.  Wanting to see more cream, I repeat the pull-out motion and pussy squeeze.  More cum drips out.  My crack is sticky with female arousal.With my legs up and knees bent, my vulva is on full display, and it’s glistening with that slippery secretion while a lump of it dribbles down towards my anus.  That’s the hottest personal sight I will probably ever see as a single woman.The warm gush of an orgasm is rising deep in my loins.  I keep shoving the vibe inside in every direction, raking my inner walls as I sometimes change positions to see if I can reach new crevices.  I might put one leg straight up or turn to hook both over the bed.  Finally, the pleasure is too much, and my pussy clenches.  I feel everything get really sensitive inside, though I keep moving the vibe.  My back arches.  My heart rate speeds up, and I’m breathing faster.  The warmth and convulsion around my pelvis continue for many seconds, longer than anything I’ve felt before.  Then it recedes.I go limp, realizing I need to breathe deeply.  My lips have gotten sticky from breathing with my mouth open the whole time.  I touch my lower belly, and I’m so sensitive I quiver.  I can’t take any more sensation down there.  I’m satisfied and drained.  And hungry.  Usually, such exertion gives me a ravenous appetite.  But I keep still for a few minutes as I thank God for that experience.  All of it. The clothed build-up, the grinding, the mirror view of me fingering myself, the bold penetration, the abundant creaminess of my pussy. All of it is a gift. God is so kind to grant me a triumph in the exploration of my body and sexuality.