(L) – This story contains strong language.When Andrew and Elsa’s marriage started they, were separated by thousands of miles and the entire Atlantic Ocean. Thankfully, modern technology kept them in contact daily. Below is a typical WhatsApp conversation for them while they were apart and anxiously awaiting their reunion.Elsa: Hey babe! I’m finally home from work! So sorry it’s so late. Are you still up??Andrew: Hey gorgeous! Yeah you caught me before bedtime. How was your day?Elsa: Long. Only two more months until I move to Manchester though! That’s just 60 more days until we’re back together!Andrew: I can’t wait, I am counting down the days until I have you back in my arms for real. Long distance is so hard, when all I want is to kiss and hug you!Elsa: Me too! When I get back we’ll have to spend a whole day just the two of us!Andrew: I can’t wait for that. You have no idea how much I’ve been missing you! I mean you know… really missing you if you get my drift.Elsa: I think I have an idea of what you mean 😉 Do you have the energy to play a little tonight? I know it’s really late there and you have to work tomorrow morning!Andrew: You’re right it is late here, but for you I think I can find the energy for a little play time! I’ve been thinking about you a lot since you went back to the US, especially when I’m in my bed!Elsa: I know what you mean. I think about you every single night before I fall asleep!Andrew: Oh really? I love knowing that, in fact it is making me feel rather hot and bothered right now just hearing you say it. I love imagining you thinking about me in bed… 😉Elsa: Well then, let me slip out of my work clothes and slip into bed. I can tell you exactly what I think about.Andrew: Oh yeah baby, that is a great idea! I’m already in bed and right now I’m slipping out of my pants, making myself a bit more comfy to enjoy this!Elsa: Slipping out of your pants! Does that mean you’re naked?!Andrew: How else would I be whilst I’m in bed thinking about the most sexy woman in the world who is thousands of miles away?! 😉Elsa: It makes me laugh because here pants means trousers. I took my ‘pants’ off but I’m still wearing my underwear. They’re pink lace 😉Andrew: Oh my God! Just the thought of you in pink lace knickers makes my mouth water, and another part of me grow rapidly! I absolutely adore you in your underwear! Describe them to me a bit will you?Elsa: They’re hot pink lace with a wide hot pink waistband. They’re cheeky cut so they cover nicely, but they’re high cut to really show off my butt. And in the front is a little pink bow.Andrew: Oh fuck they sound so sexy, I seriously have a thing for knickers in general but you in them is hitting all the right buttons for me right now! I am lying here in my bed rock hard for you already, just thinking about you!Elsa: Just the description of my panties has you rock hard? You’re easy 😉Andrew: I’m not easy, you’re just really sexy! Seriously though, I’m imagining you wearing those knickers in bed right now, and my cock is throbbing!Elsa: That’s not the only thing I’m wearing…but you don’t seem as interested in my bra as in my knickers.Andrew: You’re down to your bra too? Does it match those sexy knickers? I’ve got to know now!Elsa: It does match. And it makes my boobs look amazing if I do say so myself.Andrew: You’re really turning me on Elsa. Pink lace bra and knickers? Oh my God that is so hot, and just thinking about your boobs getting shown off so much by that bra… If you wanted to get my heart racing you succeeded!Elsa: If I was there with you, what would you do first?Andrew: First thing I’d do is run my hands up and down your belly as I kissed you slowly, feeling your warm skin on my palms before sliding them up onto your breasts and giving them a squeeze through that sexy bra you’re in, pressing the fabric onto your nipples…Elsa: Mmmm that would feel nice…what next?Andrew: Next I’d slide my hand down, all the way to your crotch, but slowly, inch by inch to tease it out, until I could feel your knickers under my touch. Once there I would focus my attention right over your pussy, pressing right on top of it, feeling the heat radiating through your underwear, as I nuzzled and kissed your neck, drinking in your scent as I enjoyed the thought that your knickers were soaking up your wetness.Elsa: The idea of all that has me wet for real. I think I may have to slip a hand into my panties and play along very soon. And I hope you’ll help me out of this bra soon too.Andrew: Oh fuck baby, yes slip a hand into your knickers for me, I want you to slowly rub yourself as I stroke my cock along with you.Andrew: I’d keep rubbing your pussy through your underwear for a little longer, building up your excitement before I turned my attention to your breasts again, pulling your bra off so they spilled free and I could take your erect nipple into my mouth, sucking on it urgently whilst I squeezed the surrounding soft flesh.Elsa: Oh wow, Andrew. You have me throbbing.Andrew: Mmm I love that Elsa, just knowing you’re throbbing has my cock pulsing in my hand! I’m stroking it slowly, and as I do I’m thinking about how I’d slide myself between your thighs, pressing my hard cock onto your knicker covered crotch as I swapped from one erect nipple to the other, sucking them and biting just a little, nibbling on the nubs and flicking them with my tongue which I’d swirl around in little circles.Elsa: Oh yes, you know I love having my nipples played with like that!Elsa: By the way, I’m stroking my throbbing clit while I think about your work on my breasts.Andrew: Oh fuck baby, yes play with your clit, rub it and press on it! Are your knickers wet for me?Andrew: I’d take your nipples between my teeth and pull them a little, rubbing the tip of my tongue on each and sucking hard as the waves of pleasure coursed through your body, my hard cock rubbing up against you as my excitement grew.Elsa: I love feeling your bulge against me. I love that you’re so hard for me!Andrew: I’m so hard right now. My cock is standing straight up and I’m stroking it for you!Andrew: Whilst still sucking on your nipples, I slide my hands down and find your knickers, moving my hips for a second I make room so I can pull the gusset aside to reveal your pussy to me before I press my hardness back onto your wet crotch, feeling your warm juices on my flesh.Elsa: Oh God, I love it when you touch me there. I’m running my clit so fast right now thinking about you touching me there.Andrew: Yes baby, rub yourself for me!Andrew: I rub my hard cock up against you, the head sliding against the warm folds of your pussy as your juices cover me, my shaft throbbing. I can feel the heat of your arousal as I move my hips and grind onto you, your thighs pressed up against my sides.Elsa: At this rate, I’m going to cum in record time.Elsa: Touch me again baby, please!Andrew: I rub my cock up against your wet pussy again, grinding my hard shaft on you again. I can feel how much you want me to fuck you but I’ve got something else in mind for you first. I pull my lips off your nipple and slide down your body until my face is hovering over your crotch, breathing you in deeply before I bury my face into your pussy, eating it sloppily.Elsa: Oh fuck. I am so so wet right now Andrew!Elsa: And if you did dive into my pussy like that I know I’d be screaming your name for all your neighbors to hear!Andrew: I’d welcome them hearing you screaming Elsa! I wish I could hear it now baby!Andrew: I devour your pussy, sliding my tongue inside you and lap up your juices, rubbing my face into your folds and pressing my nose over your clit, drinking you down as my saliva drips off my chin with your wetness mixed into it. I want to make you cum so badly for me!Elsa: God, I’m so close, Andrew! I could come so soon if you wanted me to!Andrew: I want you to cum for me Elsa! Over and over as I stroke my cock here in my bedroom for you, I’m so hard and horny!Elsa: Yes! Yes! Oh I’m going to come!Elsa: Wow Andrew, I don’t think I’ve ever come that hard from masturbating!Andrew: Oh fuck I am stroking my cock so hard thinking about you cumming for me! I want you to keep touching yourself too, and get a toy involved for me Elsa!Elsa: Yes sir! Let me just grab my favorite pink vibrating dildo from my bedside table!Andrew: Fuck yes! Turn it on high and press it on your clit for me before you slide it into your pussy like a dirty girl!I eat your pussy intensely, your juices spilling all over my chin as I shove my tongue as deep as I can get it and rub my face against you hard, breathing deeply your scent which makes my cock throb to be inside you!Elsa: I will slide it into my pussy, but I’m not a dirty girl. I’m a good little girl. 😉Andrew: Be my good little girl and put that toy inside yourself for me then, Elsa! Fuck I am stroking my cock like mad right now, just thinking about it, hearing that buzz of the vibrator and your moans and cries… you’re going to make me cum too soon if I’m not careful!Elsa: Oh Andrew! I want you to cum! I want you to cum all over your hand and stomach while you think of me fucking myself with this purple dildo, just wishing it was your cock instead.Andrew: Fuck Elsa! I want to cum for you so badly, and I will, but first I want to have you screaming for me as you fuck yourself with that toy! I love it so much!I lick your pussy eagerly one last time and then climb back up and slide my hard cock into your dripping passage, feeling you envelop me as I thrust my hips forwards, your juices covering me as I sink in and start to fuck you with deep thrusts.Elsa: OH MY GOD YES. Andrew thinking about you slamming into me has me fucking my toy so hard and fast! Fuck, I am so so wet and I’m gonna cum again all over my toy!Andrew: Yes Elsa! Cum for me on that toy baby! I want to be inside you so badly right now, fucking you deep and hard, it’s been too long since I last felt the wonderful sensation of you squeezing my cock as you cum! Fuck, I’m so hard, and rubbing so fast for you, so fucking close!I drive my hips forwards, my shaft throbbing inside you, the head sinking deep as I stretch you with my length and thickness, moans escaping both our lips as our mutual pleasure grows more with every second I slam into you, your juices dripping from around me, shaking the bed as the filthy noises of our flesh slapping together grow louder!Elsa: Oh my God, I just came so hard; imagining that I was cumming with you was so intense.Andrew: I’m so close now too, I can feel that familiar feeling building up so fast. Fuck I am going to cum so hard for you! Do you want me to shout my load for you Elsa?Elsa: Yes! Yes please cum for me baby! Cum all over your hand and belly!Andrew: Oh fuck! Oh shit! I’m right on the edge… I’m going to cum so hard! Yes!…Andrew: OH MY GOD I’m covered in my own cum for you Elsa, my hand is sticky and my belly has huge streaks and globs of thick, hot, creamy goo all over it. I’m a total mess right up to my chest for you! Mmm… I want you here to lick it all off so badly.Elsa: I’m so glad you came so hard!Elsa: I’m going to be awake for a while longer… do you think you have time for me to tell you about how I’d lick that cum off your cock and blow you till you’re hard and ready for round 2?Andrew: Of course I have time for that Elsa! I would stay up all night to hear about it…Elsa: Well since you’ve already cum deep inside me, I would start by cleaning off your cock. Using my tongue I lick up and down your flaccid penis, taking all the juices from the top and bottom and swallowing it greedily. I love the taste of your jizz combined with my tanginess.Andrew: Oh fuck baby, you have no idea how arousing I find the thought of you tasting both of us together right off my cock. I know I just came, but fuck Elsa you’re going to have my hard again in no time if you keep this up!Elsa: Then let me really get going on that cock. I’d start with the head and run my tongue around the tip till I have you moaning.Andrew: So good. I’d push my fingers into your hair and grip it in my hands as my pleasure grew quickly, moans spilling from my mouth as my sensitive cock started to stir again under your amazing tongue. My eyes fixed on your sexy body as I felt myself stiffening a little at a time.Elsa: As I feel you start to harden again I would start to take you in my mouth. An inch, then two, then three as you continue to grow in my mouth.Andrew: Just imagining that is making me grow hard again for real, Elsa! Oh fuck baby, nobody but you could cause that!Andrew: I would start to move my hips up and down a little as you took me into your mouth, feeling my cock grow rapidly for you, wanting to have you pleasure it again.Elsa: I would start to really bob on your cock, sucking and blowing, up and down, over and over until your cock was as big and hard as ever.Andrew: Just feeling your warm, wet mouth sliding up and down my shaft would have me groaning so loudly and my fingers digging into your hair, desperate for round two to begin. Oh my God. I’m hard again and have my hand wrapped around my cock just for you!Elsa: I’d continue my oral ministrations for a while. I love hearing you moan and groan while I blow you.Andrew: Just feeling your mouth sliding up and down my sensitive shaft would have me throbbing and moaning loudly. My thighs trembling in pleasure as I watched you, my breath ragged and harsh as my excitement grew!Elsa: God, I love the feel of your cock in my mouth. It’s so big and solid against my tongue and it turns me on so much to taste it. My pussy is still so wet from my previous two orgasms and I know I could have a couple more soon 😉Andrew: Fuck Elsa, I love how wet you still are and I want you to cum again for me! Just thinking about it has me rock hard for you again right now and my hand stroking my shaft just like your mouth would slide up and down it, teasing me, getting me all worked up to stretch your pussy again.Elsa: You want to feel my wet cunt on your cock again, baby?Andrew: YES! I want to feel your hot wet cunt on my hard cock again so badly! Don’t tease me, I need it so badly!Elsa: Then let me climb on top of you baby! I straddle your hips and guide your cock to my wet opening, teasing you by rubbing the tip of your cock against my wet pussy lips. Tell me what you want next Andrew?Andrew: I want you to slide your pussy down my hard cock Elsa, I want to feel your heat and wetness envelop my fully as I sink into you, your weight pressing onto me as I push my hips upwards in my pleasure, my hands on your thighs squeezing them as I groan. Fuck I want to be inside you so much, want you to ride me, want you to bounce on my cock so hard and cum all over me again and again!Elsa: Then let me slide down onto you. Taking your full length up inside me. God damn, that feels amazing.Elsa: I’m sliding my toy back inside me, and while it’s not you it still feels so good!Andrew: Turn it up high baby, get that toy buzzing hard inside your pussy for me and fuck yourself with it just like I would with my cock!Andrew: I dig my fingers into your thighs and grit my teeth as I watch your tits bounce whilst you ride me, my cock buried inside your stretched pussy so deep every time you sink back down onto me, the bed springs creaking under us as we fuck passionately.Elsa: Oh my god, this toy feels so good sliding in and out of me.Elsa: I would ride you so fast and hard! I want to fuck you as hard as I possibly can. I want to cum on your cock over and over. I love the sound of your bed as I ride you!Andrew: Fuck Elsa, I can almost hear the sounds of that toy inside your wet pussy right now. Mmmm it fucking turns me on so much! I’m stroking my cock fast and hard for you, and playing with my balls too.Andrew: I pound my hips up and down under you as you ride me, driving my cock hard into your pussy as you grind on me and bounce, my hands reaching up and grabbing your breasts, my fingers tweaking your nipples to make you cum for me!Elsa: Oh God, I’m gonna cum again!Elsa: I drive my hips down on you over and over. Finally I collapse on top of you, completely spent from my amazing ride.Andrew: Fuck I’m so close to cumming again too, my cock is throbbing like mad and my balls are aching to release their second load, you’ve got me so on edge! I’m going to shoot another load any second!Andrew: I roll us over so I can keep fucking your pussy for another few moments, desperate to unload into you my sticky seed.Elsa: Yes Andrew! I want you to cum again! I want you to cum even harder than you did the first time!Elsa: I love it when you take charge and roll me over and keep fucking me. God I am so fucking wet I could cum one more time, I know it!Andrew: I want you to fucking cum with me again Elsa! I want you to explode as I shoot my load all over myself and the bed sheets in thick gooey ropes! Oh fuck!Andrew: I pound my cock hard into your dripping cunt, fucking you fast and deep as my excitement grows towards its peak, my shaft dripping in your juices as I slam it into you, the sounds turning me on so much. So close!Elsa: Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeees! Oh my God! I’m cumming so hard!Andrew: Oh fuck… Yes… I’m cumming too! Holy shit so much… fuck it’s everywhere! I’m spraying my seed so hard, all for you!Elsa: Wow. Babe, that was hot! I came four or five times!Andrew: I’m so glad you enjoyed it so much baby. I came so hard twice and I’m covered in sticky cum, I’ve not been that turned on since you were actually in my arms last!Elsa: It feels like ages ago I know! But just 60 days until we’re together again!Andrew: I honestly can’t wait Elsa, those 60 days are going to be torture but I know it will be worth it when you arrive. And until then I plan on having you this way at every opportunity I get 😉Elsa: Sleep well, babe! I’ll be dreaming of you!Andrew: I’ll be dreaming of you too, sweetheart. I can’t wait for you to wake up tomorrow so we can talk again. Goodnight for now though, and have the sweetest dreams!