MH (Missy) mentioned that this topic would be better suited as a discussion post, which I do agree so here’s opening this topic up to general discussion 🙂I think in today’s world, a majority of married people including those on MH may not fully appreciate the blessing enough that they have a spouse in today’s hyper-sexualised world versus the consistent disappointment some of us singles are going through while waiting.I posted a thread years ago asking how did people meet. I’ve linked the discussion below:How Did You Meet Your Current Spouse?I didn’t know why I asked that question at first, but I now upon reflecting, I know that I was trying to get at something: what work did married people do more than single people in order to get married?My conclusion is none. All of the stories on how people met their spouse magnify God’s grace like salvation. No story is alike; all are unique, but most couples met by chance, and there wasn’t an extra amount of work that they have done that made God look and say, “That person deserves a spouse,” over someone else—just like those of us who are in Christ do not deserve salvation more than the next person. We are just fortunate to have found God and accepted Jesus as our Lord and Saviour for ourselves thus having the eternal gift of salvation.This is why when it comes to married couples advising singles on how to meet a potential spouse, it will often fall short. It won’t take into account the difficulties and nuances of today’s dating culture. There is still a huge assumption that people will meet, marry, and have sex young (below 25). The Church especially has not adjusted itself for a world where people are abstaining past 30/40 and may not even get married at all.Therefore to tell Christian singles over 25 to take your time during sex, it’s not going to be that great the first time, etc., is a massive slap in the face, especially when we have been abstaining that whole time. To abstain in today’s world takes a lot of self-control, and so to finally have an environment where you can have sex as God ordained it is one of the most wonderful things to be able to experience. However, most of us will be marrying older, and some not at all, so that needs to be taken into account.Assuming people get married young isn’t correct anymore. Assuming everyone who wants marriage will get married also isn’t correct anymore. Those days are honestly gone. Assuming that life-long abstaining singles don’t have high sex drives is also wrong.If the above seems shocking to you, then it just goes to show what a blessing marriage is. 1 Corinthians 7:2 states, “But since sexual immorality is occurring, each man should have sexual relations with his own wife, and each woman with her own husband.” The ability to avoid sexual immorality doesn’t stop with just the marital bed and being able to focus your sexual desires on one another. It also allows you to ignore the sexual depravity occurring in the rest of the world because you are in an environment where sexual union is kept holy and pure. You don’t need to look for a spouse because you have one. For those of us who are single however, we are forced to be aware of the depravity of the world because the expectation now is sex on a first date—well before getting to the boyfriend/girlfriend stage, let alone marriage. If you don’t want to submit to those standards… well, forget finding someone. And in the rare case that you do, you also need to be attracted to them and have the same values. (Let’s not ignore or downplay attractiveness since most people having active sex lives are very attracted to their spouse and that was one of the first things they noticed about them. I would hate to marry someone who doesn’t find me attractive from the start and vice versa. You have no obligation to have sex with someone you aren’t attracted to unless you marry them, so the best way to avoid this is to not marry someone you aren’t attracted to in my honest opinion).The biggest thing that would have been helpful to have known is how much most men would drop the ball in this department. Nothing could have prepared me for the disappointment in this area (so I don’t think that first-time sex could be a disappointment even further than this). This is something my female friends and I agree on, too. That’s where our expectations were high, but the reality did not match up and has not now for almost 30 years. Sadly, most men are not leading in this area, and older married men are also not mentoring these younger men to look for wives and/or teaching them how to submit their sexuality to the Lord instead of living in blatant fornication. There’s only so much that women can do, and if more men don’t step up, we should not be shocked when we see a multitude of single, childless women in churches in the next 5-10 years, not single by choice but circumstance.To those who read this, please be grateful for your marriages. Be grateful that you can blissfully ignore the sexual depravity that exists out in this world today in the safety net of your marriage. Even if you aren’t having sex that often, at least you have some level of access to it. Once a year is still better than zero for a lifetime when you are almost 30 or 40—or even 80, in some circumstances.It’s extremely hard for us singles out there.