(F) – This story contains a roleplay fantasy of extra-marital sexual activity.(L) – This story contains strong language.This is a fantasy I have where I imagine meeting my wife for the first time.Some context for the story: My wife LOVES to masturbate with fingers and toys, massaging and squeezing her breasts with one hand as she pleasures herself downstairs with the other. She also loves it when I “warm-her-up” (her words) by fingering her during foreplay, massaging her tits and sucking her nipples.My wife was away recently, and when we’re apart, I often fantasize about her pleasuring herself. I LOVE it when she tells me that she’s masturbating, sends me pictures, audio or video of her pleasuring herself, and masturbates in front of me. I am so glad that God has designed our bodies for pleasure, and I believe that there should be no shame or condemnation for us masturbators who are in Christ Jesus (Romans 8:1). So I encourage you to get to pleasuring yourselves, friends. I mean, you’re horny and reading Marriage Heat, aren’t you?Thank you God for the gifts of sexual pleasure, masturbation and orgasm! I hope you enjoy the story.**********Mmm, this is gonna taste so good!I thought to myself as I momentarily balanced the pizza box on one hand and hit the “up” button outside the elevator.“Do you have anyone to share that with?” asked a bright female voice. I turned around, and my jaw dropped. Not from the boldness of her question, although I immediately loved her confidence. No, it was the sight of her that made my heart stop.“Um,” I stammered, thinking,Is this some kind of joke?I nervously replied, “I don’t.” My voice sounded flat and unenthusiastic.She raised a questioning and possibly flirtatious eyebrow. “Well are you gonna share it with me?”My head was spinning. I looked down at the pizza box, swallowed hard, looked up at her radiant blue eyes, and replied as brightly as I could, “You bet!”She grinned and said with her sparkling voice, “Only if we can watch the tennis!”I could feel the sweat on my palms as I was desperately grasped for some confidence that could match hers. “You bet!” I mustered again, blushing at my unoriginality, hoping she didn’t notice my red cheeks as I smiled weakly at her.The elevator dinged and the door opened. I stepped aside and gestured for her to go in first. She giggled as she put her hand on my back and pulled me alongside her into the elevator. That was so unexpected, I stumbled over myself a little and nearly spilled the pizza!As I composed myself, she stuck out a hand in greeting, grinning. “I’m Jeanie!”“Hey Jeanie,” I said, voice breaking. “I’m Hugo.” I shook her hand, hoping she couldn’t feel the sweat.“Ooohhh, Huuuugo,” she replied eyes wide. “I have a….” and then her voice trailed off and her head rocked back as she cackled wildly.“Sorry, what were you saying?” I asked, grinning at her infectious laugh.She contained herself and said, “Oh, it’s nothing…”“So,” I ventured, “You like tennis?”“You bet!” she replied, as if mimicking me, and then she playfully punched me on the arm, which confirmed my suspicions. It seemed like she was flirting with me, and I liked it.I couldn’t believe it. What was happening? I thought I was going to have a quiet, lonely night watching the game, and then all of a sudden, this down-to-earth, drop-dead gorgeous comedian Princess walks into the elevator with me! I pinched myself to make sure this wasn’t all a dream. But she noticed and laughed at me, cupped her hands on my face, and with convincing eyes said, “I’m real, Hugo!”The she turned her attention from me to the pizza. “What flavour is it?” she asked, sniffing the air.“Mediterranean”, I smiled.“Oh thanks!” she said, taking the box from me. “What are you gonna have?” She burst out laughing again, almost spilling the pizza! “Just kidding,” she said, punching my arm again—still playful, but harder this time, and right in the same spot. I hoped my grin hid my grimace.“Ding” went the elevator as its door opened, and we stepped out into the hotel hallway.“Down this way” I beckoned towards my room.As I swiped the access card I tried to remember the state of my hotel room when I left it. Opening the door, I was relieved to find it reasonably tidy. The couch in front of the TV had some of my clothes on it. I quickly bundled them up and threw them on the bed.“Nice bed!” Jeanie giggled, and I didn’t know where to look. She put the pizza box on the coffee table between the couch and the TV, opened up the box, and took out a slice. “Mmm,” she mumble-moaned, mouth full. “This is sooooo goooood Hugo!”I went over to the bar fridge, opened it, and asked, “Would you like a beer Jeanie?”“Yes please, love,” she replied with a British accent, and laughed again.I took two open beers over to the table and plonked down on the couch. “Well Jeanie,” I sighed deeply, “this is quite the lovely surprise!”“Don’t read too much into it,” she grinned. “I couldn’t let you have all that pizza to yourself! Surely you don’t want to just watch tennis, but play it too?”“Yeah,” I agreed, and reached for a piece. She’d already found the remote and had put on a game. The rhythmic sounds of the players hitting the ball back and forth began to calm my racing heart.I looked down and noticed that Jeanie’s short skirt had ridden up quite high as she sat, but she didn’t seem to mind, and neither did I. Jeanie had amazing legs!One hand was stuffing pizza into a hungry mouth that was continuing to moan with flavour-pleasure. It certainly was tasty pizza. What I noticed her other hand doing excited me immensely. She had it rested right in the middle of her crotch.I was trying to watch the TV, but out of the corner of my eye I noticed the subtle movements of her fingers and hands. Then at one moment when the screen was dark and I could see us reflected in the screen, I saw something in that reflection blew. My. Mind.Although my view was obstructed from alongside of her, in the TV’s reflection I could see that she’d pulled a racy-red g-string to one side, to give her access to her slippery lips. I watched the vague image in the reflection, aroused and amazed, and wondered if her moans were actually about the taste of the pizza after all!She seemed to be having a really good time, and I noticed the movement of her fingers increasing in speed. Her hand moved from circling her clit to sliding down along her wet lips to her opening, which she circled and plunged into from time to time, and then back up to her clit. I swallowed hard and felt a rising in my pants.Now that she’d had her fill of pizza, she was using her free hand to massage her breast, first from the outside of her top. Now I knew for sure that the moaning was not just for the pizza. Then she leaned forward, put a hand up the back of her shirt to unclasp her bra, and then plunged that hand into the cleavage of her tight, low-cut top to massage the skin of her breast.She looked down at the tent of my crotch and grinned, “How are you doing, Huge-o?”I blushed, and replied, “Suffice it to say, I’m very aroused!”“Yeah you are! And so am I!” she said, before moaning with pleasure again.“Actually…” she said, looking me in the eye. “Would you like to have a go?”“Wh-wh-what do you mean?” I stammered, my heart racing with amazement at what I thought she was asking me to do. This was confirmed when she answered by gently grabbing my hand and placed it on her wet crotch. I’d never felt a slippery pussy before, and this felt AMAZING!She placed her fingers on top of mine, and slowly guided my hand to gently touch her clit, then slide down her sloppy lips to find her opening. All of a sudden, she curled my middle and index finger inside of her.“Stroke the inside of my wall,” she commanded. “Yeah,” she moaned, “just like that. Keep going,” she moaned, breathing hard. “Don’t stop!”I found a steady rhythm and she rested her head back on the couch, looking like she was in bliss.“Ohh, yes, Hugo! I love what you’re doing to me. Go harder, faster!”I obeyed and plunged my fingers in as deep as I could. She was so wet that each time I went out and in with my fingers, her sloppy cunt made the sexiest wet sounds I’d ever heard. My cock had never felt this big before, and it hurt to have it pressed hard against my pants!As I continued plunging in and out, Jeanie sat up, grabbed my face and pashed me violently. I was swept away. Her lips tingled on mine, and her strong, wet tongue swirled and twirled with mine.I continued to finger her firmly, just as she demanded. While I did, she vigorously rubbed her clit. Her back arched more and more as the intensity of our rubbing increased.Her moans got louder and louder. “YES! FUCK! FUCK YES! GOD YES!” She slipped further and further down the couch, and then she screamed, “FUCK FUCK Oh GOD YES, YESS, YESSS!” An abundance of juice squirted out of her all over my aching hand and onto the floor.“OH!!” she gasped, breathing hard. “Oh HUGO!!” she said again breathlessly. “Thank you. So. Much. You are THE BEST!” And she kissed me hard again. “You’re welcome, love,” I said in a British accent, grinning.