(L) – This story contains strong language.The hum of the vibrator whirred as I held it against my wanting clit. Wetness started accumulating there.I was moaning, but the moans were muffled by my husband’s thick cock in my mouth. My eyes rolled back as he thrust into my throat from above me.“Fuck, that’s so good, Kayla!”He was swelling even bigger in my mouth. My saliva and drool kept accumulating on his dick as he continued face-fucking me. I softened my mouth, allowing him to continue seamlessly thrusting into my mouth. He cradled the back of my head in his hand reassuringly as he continued.He went faster and harder as it progressed, increasing in size until my jaw was stretched as wide as it could go, and I felt the head of his penis in the back of my throat. I wiggled and softly humped my hips against the vibrator. My excitement was amplified by the sight of him thrusting into my mouth the same way he thrusts into my pussy.He pulled out a few times, allowing my jaw to take a break, especially as he increased in size. Drool strung from my mouth to his dick and formed several bubbles around my mouth. I kept my mouth open for him with my tongue out, inviting him to continue with a lewd look plastered on my face.“Good girl,” he said softly to me. “I want you just like that. Open wide for daddy now.”I was getting antsy and squirming a bit from underneath him as the vibrator brought me closer to the edge of orgasm. My moans were muffled by his cock, which continued to grow bigger. I was very close to the edge now. Drool began dripping down my face. I couldn’t allow myself to cum like this though. I needed to focus on keeping my mouth open and soft enough.He pulled out of my mouth a few times, saying he was close to cumming himself, before telling me to get on top of him and French kiss him while riding his cock.I did so in the most sloppy, wet show of passion, swirling my tongue around his mouth while kissing and licking him more. I rode him and moaned in a high pitch while rocking my hips back and forth. I could feel him rock hard inside of me, not budging a millimeter in response while I angled for the right spots inside of me.Feeling him this hard is absolutely delicious. There’s nothing like a hard cock ramming into you and stretching out your inner walls in all of the right ways. My eyes rolled back.“Fuck, that’s so good,” I moaned. “I’m gonna cum!” I admitted.“Kiss me,” he ordered.I leaned in for the kiss, doing my best to do as he said. He continued thrusting hard, bringing me past the point of no return, but I needed to frequently pause, alternately grinding into him, moaning and shaking as the pleasure washed over me. He held my body close to him, and I could feel his quickening breath on my neck until he pulled out quickly.I immediately returned to kissing him as I said, “Yes baby! Cum on me!”I showered him in kisses and caresses as he shot his load on me and himself.“I love it when you’re sloppy like that,” he said blissfully in the afterglow. “That was so good.”He fell asleep in the bed, and I caressed his face and smiled as he drifted off. Then I got up to clean myself up in the bath. I wasn’t personally a fan all of that drool and saliva, but it was worth it to see how peacefully he drifted off to sleep.“I love you, honey,” I whispered once he was asleep.