<Language Warning>You ever go on a vacation with extended family? How about in-laws? I come from a large family, and my wife does as well. We have, to date, gone on more extended family vacations than just vacations with our own kids! We love the time and visits together, but it does present its challenges—namely, I’m horny 25 hours a day, and my idea of a vacation has a lot more to do with seeing my wife on her hands and knees on the bed with slapping noises and moaning than it does with visiting my parents or her sisters. All that to say, one of my best vacation memories was when we were on a family vacation and BOTH my wife and I had reached our breaking point.We went on a summer vacation to a small little beach town in southern CA with her siblings and her mom. It really was a great time—lots of sunbathing and playing on the beach and good vibes. As you can imagine, the beach, especially southern CA beaches, tend to be overflowing with beautiful people wearing as minimal clothing as possible. The sheer quantity of eye candy is almost obscene… almost. My wife and I are comfortable with each other enough to observe the beauty of God’s creations without it being an issue; on this particular trip, I can’t tell you how many times she pointed out a thonged ass or tits that were spilling out of a skimpy bathing suit or some really chiseled tall Adonis with a monster cock swinging in his boardshorts. It made for lots of fun conversations and snickers, but began presenting a very real concern: we were with her family, and both of us were getting really horny. The beach was packed and we were staying in a 1-bedroom apartment for the weekend with no privacy to speak of.We first attempted getting busy in the ocean just beyond the break. Just throwing this out there for the readers: sex IN the ocean is NOT what the movies make it out to be; Sex on the beach itself, that’s much more enjoyable, but not really a possibility on an overcrowded beach. We were still pulling sand and seaweed out of our ass cracks a week later.The next attempt was in a parking garage. (Real romantic, I know.) We got maybe 10 minutes alone, and immediately she was pulling her bikini bottom to the side just enough for me to get some quick work in. I was nearing the finish line when someone came driving into the garage, and we had to duck and hide behind a corvette. Strike two.By this time, we were both at the frustration point. She needed to cum, I had a 4-hour long hard-on, and we were both in our 20’s and looking fine. We jumped in the rental car, and I drove away from the beach and garage and her family and found a quiet neighborhood maybe five miles away. I don’t endorse this idea per say, but if I was in the position again, you bet your ass I would do it again, lol.I crawled into the back of the car (it was a midsized crossover SUV so had some extra space) and pulled my boardshorts down. Like I said, I had been hard for the majority of the day. All 7″ of my shaft were hard, veiny and angry-reddish looking. We were in a cum-undrum.My wife immediately started sucking on me. I was on cloud nine. Then, she pulled her bikini bottoms completely off and turned around to ride my rod reverse-cowgirl style.To this day, I don’t know if I’ve ever loved looking at an ass bounce as much as I did that day. The car we were in was looking like it was gonna flip over in the middle of the road. Then, we saw them…Coming down the road heading towards our car were the sweetest looking older couple. They had to be in their late 70’s if not early 80’s. He was in a motorized wheelchair, and she was just walking with him. They were both VERY aware that we were in the back of the vehicle having hot sex. The car had tinted windows, but it wasn’t a limousine or anything. They walked by and made no attempt to hide the fact that they were watching us.It was a bit odd, and my wife was more nervous than I was in the moment, but when the older lady smiled and waved at my wife and the old man winked and chuckled as they passed by, I had never felt so proud and honored to be railing my wife in my life.We fully let go and started getting louder, and my wife took her top off and had one hand rubbing her clit and the other behind her head grabbing my hair. It was the hottest sex we had ever had (yet), and to this day I still get hard remembering it. I blew a much needed huge load inside her (she was on birth control), and she quivered on my lap for at least five minutes before she slid off my cock.We laughed so hard about our audience and felt sorta bad about it, but they didn’t seem to mind. And we had our license to fuck, so what’s a horny young married couple to do? I will say this: the way they just smiled and acknowledged what we were doing and didn’t make us feel like we were wrong for doing it or anything and then went on their merry way I think really made the experience that much better. Like I said, a bit odd, but really satisfying too.It was a bit of a fun conversation explaining where we had gone when we got back to her family with her hair all torn up and me with a nice bounce to my step. There is no doubt in my mind they figured out what went down, but if they only knew…😉