This is a brief recounting of our latest lovemaking episode. There is a point at which a special thing happened that I want to share with you.We felt tired when we woke up at 6:00 a.m. and considered going back to sleep. But we had grandkids’ soccer games at 9:00. Today was our regularly scheduled full lovemaking session (every 3 days). My wife, Melody, and I decided to honor the schedule. The schedule IS flexible, but we don’t want to un-prioritize our sexual connection in our marriage.So we got showered and met in the buff on the bed. We did some great kissing and regular MH readers will not be surprised that we took turns licking and tongue flicking each other’s nipples.My wife went through using just two vibes this time. Our looped iVibe and our Sensuelle Plus. I dove down to orally love on her clitoris as well. Although my wife does not come from receiving oral, it seems to always eventually guarantee an orgasm in the sex session. By the way, I love licking her clitoris.We moved into our regular right angle sex position (we call it X Position). But I decided to love on her left nipple a while first. Lately it is a toss up if she’ll have a first orgasm before sexual intercourse during our intense foreplay, or cum after intercourse. This time she did not cum before the sexual PIV intercourse.Eventually we went back into X position, and suckling her tit had me hard horny horny.“I want you to fuck my pussy!” Melody said.So I immediately abandoned the boobie and moved down. I slid my big, hard dick deep into her pussy!(No good husband could possibly turn town that kind of request from his wife.)So we fucked for a very pleasant while.“I love fucking your pussy!” I exclaimed.Lately I have felt like saying that every time my cock gets to spelunking and exploring her cave of pleasure. So I kept thrusting until my Melody’s Kegal cunt-hugs triggered a fantastic orgasm for me. A LOT of my semen filled her pussy. My orgasm had been excellent!I was anxious to get her there, too. So I slid up next to her and rested the right side of my face on the inside of her left upper arm. I began to suck her left titty and rub my left palm on her right nipple. This usually works. Remember that she was buzzing her clit, now with our powerful Sensuelle Plus bullet vibe.But although she clearly was enjoying the sexual fun she just wasn’t getting to her peak. I said a silent prayer that she would be able to cum. Then, what I am quite positive was the Holy Spirit spoke clearly to my mind. “Suck on her right nipple.”I dismissed the thought. I was comfortable and having fun. Besides, leaning up on my elbow to reach her other nipple might cause me pain in my shoulder. I switched to more tongue-flicking of her titty. This was fun. But Melody still had not climaxed. So then the Spirit said more firmly, “Do her right nipple!”I kept ignoring what was said to me. Melody kept buzzing her clit, and I kept sucking and tongue flicking her left nipple. But to no avail.Finally the Holy Ghost insisted, “LOVE ON HER RIGHT NIPPLE!!!I gave in. Moving to bracing up on my right elbow, I leaned over to take her right titty into my mouth. I had to pause at what an absolutely beautiful sight was before my eyes. Melody was wired and her breasts seemed to grow with her arousal. Her pussy was freshly fucked and leaking as she buzzed her clit. Her left nip had experienced a major stimulation workout and was hard and glistening. And to me she looked quite a lot like the virgin bride I married 30 years ago. Her swollen turned-on breasts were heaving with her deeply aroused breathing. Her body was tense and almost stiff.“I love you!” I said.”You truly are sooo beautiful!”“I l-love you t-too!” Melody replied.THAT was a good sign. She only stutters when she is overwhelmingly aroused. I latched my lips onto her beautiful, also hard, swollen, raspberry-like right nipple. And literally ten seconds later she arched her back and gasped out, “I-I’m cumming!”What an even more beautiful sight that was! As I’ve said before, watching my beautiful Melody rock an orgasm is my favorite sight in my life! I love helping bringing her there, often with some divine assistance. This was one of those divine intervention moments.So, I know that some Christians don’t believe in divine inspiration. But some of us do. I know that I was TOLD to switch nipples. And furthermore I know that God CARES about my wife’s and my sex life. More specifically He wants us to be fulfilled. And more generally, I believe He wants all marriages to be happy and fulfilling. Including each married couple’s loving sexual relationship.On a side note, in my last story, I mentioned Melody’s slight stuttering when she is really sexually aroused. I mentioned that in this story as well. I think it is kinda funny that I had not thought about her “stuttering when turned on” before this.Now that I think about it, for our entire marriage she has often stuttered just a little when she is very turned on. And especially when she is cumming and announcing her orgasm. “I’m c-cumming!” or “I-l’m c-cumming!” or “I’m c-cumming again!”However, today it was one and done. We had soccer games to go to.By the way, those back arching second and third orgasms that she often has are particularly impressive. Her back arches WAY off of our bed, and she shakes like she is having her own personal earthquake! Her soft, smooth, porcelain skin seems to almost glow. And her stuttering gets more pronounced. And her already lovely face “youthens.” It’s all terribly sexy! If you could watch (of course you can’t) you would have a difficult time believing my beautiful, sexy wife is in her mid-seventies.Yes, I’m very thankful that our Heavenly Father has given us this wonderful opportunity to be together!