My husband stepped into the bathroom without a word and locked the door behind him. I was already in my nightgown and had just finished brushing my teeth; he was still dressed from a late night at the office. He placed his hand firmly on my shoulder and gently urged me to my knees. In an instant, I was kneeling in front of him, my face level with his belt buckle. He unzipped his fly and reached in to pull out his penis, which was already hard, thick, and purple-headed.What happened next felt so natural and so obvious that I didn’t think twice about it. Opening my mouth, I bent forward, and let his swollen cock head slip between my lips. I wasn’t sure what had come over him, but it was kind of exciting and different.  He pushed his penis deeper in my mouth, and I felt a rush. In such an aroused state, it filled my mouth completely, the tip of it brushing the back of my throat. I held it there a moment and moved my tongue against the shaft. He trembled, overwhelmed with desire.I pulled my head back briefly, letting his shiny erection pop out of my mouth and looked up at him with a neediness in my eyes. His eyes were intense, focused, and urgent. His hand shifted from my shoulder to the back of my head—not roughly, but insistently—his fingers intertwined in my hair, pulling me back for more.I didn’t really need any encouragement as he plunged back into my mouth. I wanted it, wanted him. Sealing my lips around his penis, I lavished it with my tongue, sucking and licking with an eager hunger rushing through my body and down to the pit of my stomach. I reeled with how exciting and pleasurable it was to be so dutifully servicing him.I rocked back and forth on my knees, enjoying the sensation of his hard penis sliding in and out of my mouth. The slurping sound was simply lascivious. I felt a little drool on my chin, as I salivated, savoring the manly taste of him. Mapping his shaft with my tongue, I felt the veins like rivers, the thick ridge of the head, the salty slit at the tip. His penis was a living organism enveloped in the warmth of my moist mouth. I felt butterflies in my stomach and a sensual tingling between my legs. I squeezed my eyes shut as the delicious sensation of sucking him made me light-headed.His urgency told me he was desperate to ejaculate quickly. I realized that’s what I wanted too, but not because I was ready to stop performing fellatio. No, I enjoy that way too much. I relish every sexy moment of orally gratifying him. But instead, we were both racing toward a mutual goal, that crucial moment when his life source fluid would spurt into my mouth in an orgasmic release. For him it was an exquisite, almost out of body experience, and for me it was the thrilling climactic satisfaction of a blow-job well done.When it happened, it was no surprise; I have sucked him off more times than I could ever count. He groaned and his grip tightened in my hair, encouraging me to take him deeper as his body clenched and his penis began to twitch. I felt the engorged glans swell even bigger for a moment and then he burst in my mouth like an exploding cherry tomato when you bite down on it, squirting his juice onto my tongue. The first spurt was followed by another which felt, if anything, even more copious than the first. And now I could taste it, saline, thick, and warm. Easy to swallow. As the throbbing subsided, his remaining semen oozed out, and I gingerly licked it from the tip with my tongue.I held his sensitive penis in my mouth as it started losing its rigidity.  My lips remained wrapped around his member as its fullness diminished and became pliable enough for me to gently toy with it using my tongue. He shuddered and flinched a little from the hypersensitivity.As I still knelt before him on the bathroom mat, I felt strangely powerful despite the fact that he had essentially just used me, and my albeit willing mouth, for his urgent sexual release. He eventually pulled his hips back slightly so his semi-soft penis slipped out of my mouth. Then he tucked it back through his fly and zipped up. My mouth felt suddenly empty without him inside it, but my lips still tingled, and the taste of him lingered on my tongue.He helped me back to my feet and kissed me. “I’m sorry…;” they were the first words he had spoken since coming home.I raised my finger to his lips to shush him. No words were necessary. The smoldering intensity in his eyes had dissipated. We embraced and held each other tightly, reaffirming our need for one another. God made man and woman different, but together we were whole.