(L) – This story contains strong language.I thought of 3 alternative titles for this story:“Lovemaking 2X Today”“Something New”“Help! Seeking Medical Advice”Wow! In spite of my wife Melody’s current medical issue, we just had a sexual blast! We woke up and were talking. Then I asked my Melody if she’d like to have her pussy pounded. She was kind of noncommittal. Her body is of late cramping after she has an orgasm. It’s an annoying situation. That is part of her current medical problem. After the story part, we’ll ask for some advice on how to deal with this.But in spite of the current issues, Melody has become even more sexual lately, pain not withstanding. She pulled up her PJ top to reveal her shapely D-cup boobies and asked, “Do you like ‘em Tommy?”“Of course!” I replied as I moved in to lick, suck, and tongue-tittilate each sexy nipple. But soon we paused to do our morning business and for me to take some of my heart meds. I skip the pills that have sexual side effects & I take ‘em later. I call them my “POPs,” or Post-Orgasm Pills.Melody’s breasts are magnificent! She did her twerking dance with standing by the bed, complete with stroking her titties and pussy, then did the dreaded crawl up the bed towards me.I tried something new. I laid on my back and slid under her as she knelt above me. I sucked one of her breasts and massaged the other. We enjoyed this new experience for quite a while!She was kneeling on the edge of the bed and asked if I wanted to go in her from behind.“You want me to fuck you from behind?” I asked.“Yes, fuck my pussy!”So I moved behind her behind and slid my cock in—no lube needed. Her pussy supplied all the lube needed.I began thrusting and she began rocking back to engulf my full cock. We alternated between her rocking and me thrusting and us doing it simultaneously. We fucked each other in a raw, passionate way. My balls slapped her buns, and she was moaned and cooed as we fucked.“Is this what you wanted?” I asked. “To have me fuck your beautiful pussy?”“Yes!” she gasped. “Fuck my pussy, Tommy!”This fucking was still wonderful lovemaking. Marital fucking can be raw and erotic, but it still is a loving way to make love and make sexy memories!We fucked for I don’t know how long. It was the longest we’d gone in a very long time. Finally a lightning storm orgasm with multiple peaks rocked me as I came hard and gave her my creamy haploids present.I slapped her buns as I slid out, and she rolled onto her back. I lay beside her and began sucking and tongue-titillating her left nipple. My left hand played with her right titty. She buzzed her clit with the vibrator, but it wasn’t long before she began to violently jerk as HER body climaxed in an intense orgasm. What a sight!We laid together and talked about it all. It was phenomenal that, after over 30 years of marriage, we STILL had discovered a new way to sexually love on each other. I refer to her kneeling on all fours and me sliding under her to suckle.We got up and cleaned up to start the day. Uncharacteristically, SHE kept referring to our sex session throughout the morning and early afternoon.Just after 2:00 p.m. or 14:00, I was sitting on our loveseat and Melody was on our couch. She again brought up how much fun we’d had in the morning, and then she pulled up her shirt and worked a boob out of her bra!“Do you like it?” she asked as she stroked her nipple.We had our front room window wide open, so I was hoping nobody would walk by.“Do you wanna fuck again?” I asked in a surprised but hopeful voice.She didn’t give a clear answer but got up and headed for the bedroom. Then she began to take off her top items of clothing. “You like to watch me strip,” she said as she pulled at her cami, then slipped out of her bra. She was topless. There were her glorious tits, once again mine to love on!We moved to the bed. I loved on her tits orally and she wrapped her legs around my right leg and began humping it.Then I began stroking her pussy area on top of her jeans. She had previously hinted that I was going to get boob time, and she’d help me orgasm, but she didn’t want more pain that would happen after another orgasm.I was fine with that, but although she’d said that, her body was saying “Fuck me again, Tommy!” In fact, she started to pull her jeans off as I sucked her tits. I paused to help her out of her jeans and I handed her a vibrator.“Can you go inside me?” she asked. “I want you to fuck me!”I answered in the affirmative but I grabbed the Überlube and coated her pussy and clit. She spread her vulva wide open with her hands to give me access. I had to pause and compliment her on having such a beautiful pussy and clit. Then I sprayed the bullet vibe with Überlube and slid it in an inch to coat her pussy’s entrance.I then handed her the vibrator and moved into our X position, with me on my side and Melody on her back, our turned-on bodies at a right angle. I slammed into her ready and willing cunt.“I love fucking your cunt!” I exclaimed, nearly overcome with sexual pleasure.“I like you fucking me!” she replied in her raspy sex voice.I guess it wouldn’t be a LovingMan story if I didn’t admit that somehow the connector of my oxygen tubing started digging into my shoulder bone. I was driving to orgasm, but the pain in my scapula was a roadblock! My softening dick indicated how much I didn’t approve of the pain in my shoulder.So I sat up and of course slid out of her pussy. I moved the tubing then laid next to Melody and went to work in her left boobie. Having just been fucking, she was at the brink. She did not last long before she was again rocked with her second intense orgasm of the day, and her back arched as her whole beautiful voluptuous body trembled in ecstasy!Of course, watching her orgasmic show had gotten me hard again, so I immediately slid down into our X position and began fucking her hard again. Her post-orgasmic contractions felt amazing to my cock. I came in my second lightning storm orgasm of the day!Unfortunately, Melody’s orgasmic contractions turned into annoyingly painful cramps. But even knowing that would probably happen, she still had not been able to suppress her passion.**********We are seeking help. This is a bit bizarre, but in addition to the post-orgasm pain, Melody has also started to have periods again. These come with painful cramps. She has been to a couple of physicians about this and is seeing one of them again next week.Hopefully we or her doctors will have this figured out soon. It may be that Melody needs more progesterone. Have any of you other mature ladies had this problem, or any success in curing it? If so, what worked for you?