This post contains strong language (L).Todd was 24 and had just gotten engaged. He was spending the night at his brother’s place; After a social evening, Todd had fallen asleep on the couch rather than finding a bed. Waking later, he headed down the hall to the guest room. As he passed by his brother Jimmy’s open room door and saw a light on, he paused. Turning his head, he saw his brother standing at the sink, nude and washing his face. But he wasn’t alone.Standing naked behind him, rubbing her big tits against his back, was his bride-to-be’s best friend, Mandy. She was reaching her hand around and stroking her husband’s erect cock.Todd couldn’t turn away from the erotic site. He was experiencing a real live sex act for the first time. When Todd had sex with his wife after they married, she would be his first.Todd’s brother was moaning, and his cock was now big and hard. Mandy released his cock and bent over the countertop, spreading her legs.  Todd felt his cock hardening as he saw that her pussy that was devoid of hair. It glistened with wetness that extended down her thighs.Todd’s brother stepped behind her and rubbed her pussy. “Damn, you’re a hot little bitch, aren’t you?”She moaned and pushed back as he shoved two fingers into her pussy deep and hard, making her shake and cry out, “Yes. Fuck, yes.”He then pulled out and grabbed his cock and slapped it hard against her pussy.“Jimmy, don’t tease me. Fuck me! Shove your big cock in my cunt.”Jimmy smiled and pushed his cock against her pussy.  Grabbing her waist, he pulled her back as he thrust into her.  Melody gave a little cry as Jimmy shoved all his cock into her.“Fuck, you’ve got a tight little cunt.” He pulled out and started driving the full length of his cock into her over and over.She begged for more. “Harder, fuck me harder.”Jimmy released her waist, used both hands to grab her long brown hair, and yanked her back.She gasped and cried out, “Yes! Oh, fuck me. Yes.” Mandy’s face and eyes reflected in the mirror showed such great pleasure. She screamed again, and her body was shaking.“That’s it, cum all over my big cock.”Todd could see her juices running down her legs and falling to the floor. He jumped when he realized he was rubbing his own hard cock through his pants. It was throbbing and aching more than he had ever experienced. Quickly he pulled it out. The veins were pulsing on the sides of his cock. Todd tried to picture his bride taking his cock like that for the first time. He stroked his cock more as Jimmy cried out that he was cumming.Mandy growled, “Yes, fill my cunt. Yes.”In the mirror, Todd could see Mandy pulling and twisting her nipples, and Jimmy cried out “Yes!” as he shoved fully into her pussy. They both shook as his cum filled her quickly and ran out around his cock.At that point, Todd felt a quick rush, and his cock exploded. Long ropes of cum shot out all over the carpet again and again.  He fell against the door with a bang.Jimmy pulled out quickly, and they both saw Todd get his balance and rush out of the room.  Todd fell on the bed hearing them laughing.  Try as he might, Todd couldn’t fall asleep, having his bride-to-be in his thoughts while listening to Jimmy and Mandy enjoying another round.