Quenched FireAdvice needed: I have a crush on a guy in my college Bible study group, but other than brief small talk over a coffee, we haven’t spent any time together.  I got my hopes up when he offered to give me and another couple a ride to the group’s beach trip.  The day went alright until he had a “wardrobe malfunction,” andI witnessed the unfortunate accident.  The subject didn’t come up on the trip home.  I’ve hardly seen him since; I think he’s ashamed to see me.  Is there anything I can do to get past this?Most of the advice Barbara received suggested the young man in question would make the first move if he were interested in her, embarrassed or not. She should put it out of her head and move on, they said.Fire starter“Barb, are you going to join Al and me for the weekend cruise?” Churches in our denomination had arranged for a multi-generational cruise for their members.  “Roger is planning to go.”Dream FireOn a beach trip we’d both participated in, Roger had a “wardrobe malfunction.”  I’d had a crush on Roger for several months, and my friend Jennifer knew this.  The flash of his erection had eclipsed any previous admiration of his “cute butt.”  But Roger had never sought me out, so I eventually forgot about it. Jen’s question about the cruise revived the memory.I began to daydream he was coming to me.  Cupping my face in his rough hands.  Kissing me lightly on the forehead before those hands dropped to my shoulders, down my side, and then up again to fondle my rounded breasts.  His fingers brushed them tentatively.Then he reached up to slowly release the buttons of my shirt, his eyes glued to the widening swath of ivory-colored skin revealed as the collar fell away.  After loosening the last button, he gently slid the shirt from my shoulders to let it fall to the floor.  He placed his hands on my bare torso and looked into my eyes.Reaching behind me, he unfastened my bra.  He brought the silken lips of his mouth to caress the now hardened reddened prominence on my left breast.  His hands continued their languid dance of releasing my secrets from their coverings.  My lungs labored in quick staccato breaths.  He placed his hands on mine to pull them to his groin.  No malfunction this time.  I released his manhood to expose it to the light of day and my hungry eyes.He sat.  Placing his hands on my hips he pulled me to himself and had me slide down onto his….“Hello? Still with me?” Jennifer paused.  The image of Roger receded into the mists of my imagination.  “Your face is crimson.  Is there something I should know? About you? About Roger?”Fire MaterialRoger came to my cabin to invite me to explore the ship.  We stopped at a confectionary shop and agreed to share a bag of turtle clusters.The ship’s photographer happened by. Pulling up his lanyard to let us see his credentials, he asked whether he could take some photos.  So we sat on a nearby bench and practiced some poses.“C’mon, dude.  She’s your lover, not your ex.”SparksMy Lover? Thoughts raced through my head like a burst of machine gun bullets whistling through the air.I want her to be my lover.  Something about an advice column and moving on came to mind.  In a moment of spontaneity, I slipped my right arm around her waist and pulled her tight.  Barbara offered no objection to the abrupt intimacy.  In fact, she snuggled even closer.  Holding the bag of candy out to her, I whispered, “Take a piece, put it in your mouth, and I’ll bite off my half.”  Barbara eagerly complied.My world became only her and me.  Her lips.  She in my bed.  Me above her.  Our bodies meeting.  Joined in union.The moment lasted no longer that it took for the camera’s shutter to open and close.  I reluctantly broke off the kiss and thanked the camera man.  I steeled myself to look at Barbara.  She wasn’t the vision of a moment ago, but she was real.I reached out my hand to help Barbara stand up.  It seemed natural to entwine my fingers with hers while we walked to the front of the ship.  I was the first to break the silence.  We made small talk.  She asked about my work, and  I revealed I was considering a job offer.  If I accepted it, I would be moving across the country in the next week.  I walked her back to her room.  It was time to prepare for dinner.  She lingered at the door.“Back there with the photographer—that moment.  You wanted to make love to me, didn’t you?”“Very much.”“And I you.”Fire ControlStepping through my cabin door, I turned and cooed, “See you at dinner,” fearful that any further hesitation would result in Al and Jen dining alone.  With only my thoughts and the image of Roger walking away, I delayed taking a shower. Instead I rummaged through my bag to find my new dildo.I thought of Roger.  Of his cute butt.  Of that moment at the beach.  His lips brushing mine only moments ago.  Looking into his eyes in that moment, I thought he seemed very far away.  “Was I in your dreams, Roger? Am I in your bed? My lips are yours, my breasts are yours, my…“ I paused.  Was I ready for what would be next?So many things coming so fast! Two weeks ago, I wondered whether Roger even remembered me.  An hour ago, he kissed me.  There was something there beyond a spur of the moment reaction to the photographer’s prompting.  And now I’m imagining being his lover?“Yes, Roger,” I replied to the questions bouncing inside my head.  “If that’s what you want.”  The dildo morphed into Roger’s manhood.  “My pussy is yours.”I returned the dildo to my travel kit, and continued to finger my clit while padding off to the shower.  I rehearsed what Roger had said.“We need to talk about the elephant in the room.”“I agree.”“What happened back there, when we had our picture taken?”“When our lips met?”“Yes, when our lips met.  I want them again.  I want you.”Clouds of shower steam swirled around my head.“Look, I know we only just shared a kiss a few moments ago.  It was spontaneous, but I’ve been thinking about you ever since Al and Jen invited me to come along on this cruise.  Jen told me you had shared with her about the unfortunate incident at the lake.  I was hoping to impress someone else that weekend.  I had no idea you might have had a crush on me.  And, contrary to what Jen says you told her, I did notice your boobs that day.  Barb, I wouldn’t be here if Al and Jen hadn’t invited me and hadn’t mentioned that you would be here as well.  I imagine they are responsible for you being here also.”I nodded my head in agreement.  Where might this conversation be going? Why were my thoughts wondering about the erection I had seen that day at the lake?The shower’s jets of water propelled me to a repeat of the dildo’s accomplishments.I shook my head, and swatted at the circling mists in a vain attempt to put those thoughts out of my mind. Preparation for dinner needed all my concentration now.  I was grateful for Jen’s advice to pack one change of formal wear.  I opted not to take her up on a dare to forego a bra and panties.IntermissionBarbara entered the dining room.  The others were already seated.  She stopped and leaned down to whisper something to Jen.  “Thanks for encouraging me to come—and for helping me with my purchase.  That’s why I’m late.”  Stepping away, she flashed a quick smile to Jen.Jen winked.  Alistair seemed to know he had just missed something, but Jen’s hand under the table distracted him.Roger stood as Barbara approached the table and helped her to her seat.  She appreciated his courteous gesture.  She could forgive the gentleman’s obvious admiration of her cleavage.  Her own thoughts were not exactly those of a lady.Stoking the FireAfter dessert and adult beverages, Roger issued an invitation to walk out on the dance floor.  I saw his eyes roving across my chest.  After he folded me into his arms, I unfastened the top few buttons of my dress.  “How’s that?’  We held each other quietly in an embrace.Taking hold of my hand, he led me out to an open deck at the front of the ship.  A full moon, like a dazzling diamond on a black cloth, had not yet reached its zenith.  Roger stopped, looking seaward.  I stood in front of him, facing him.  Reaching around either side of my waist to grab the railing, he pulled himself into me.  He was talking softly.  His manhood was recovering from the quiet explosion I had sensed on the dance floor.  Pressing against me, it made it difficult to concentrate on what he saying.“You can be offended, slap my face and walk away, but whenever I’ve jacked off the past week, I’ve thought of you.  I’m supposed to leave in a few days.  I’m not interested in a long-distance relationship.  I purposed two weeks ago to love you, to pursue you this weekend.  I want you to be my wife. If you want me to stay, I am willing to alter my plans, to stay here, and prepare.”  His voice caught.I pushed him away slightly and looked up into his eyes.  “You’ve just proposed to me, haven’t you,” I stated.  “I’m not offended.  I’m not going to slap your face.”  I pulled him back into an embrace.  “Here’s your answer.”  I reached down to grope at his hidden erection.  “Now, kiss me again.  Take your time.”Moments later, I realized his hands were under my dress on my bare legs. “Reach up and pull them off.”“Your panties? Are you sure?”“Quite sure.”“They’re wet.”“The aroma of my scent and the vision of my boobs crowned with my swollen tits should make for a memorable masturbation session.  Pump your semen into my panties.  Fill them again in the morning, and slide them under my door on your way to breakfast.”“What about you?”“Don’t worry about me.  Until the time is right, until you can fill my pussy, I have a dildo.”Reporting a Fire“Morning, Al.  Is Jen here?”“No.  She didn’t want to miss the sunrise.”“Thanks.”I found Jen.  She was on the top deck, looking eastward, admiring the colors of the morning sky.“Hi, Jen.  You and Al seemed to be getting it on quite well last night.”She didn’t turn to acknowledge my presence.  “Oh, that.  It was nice.  But then he took me back to our room.  We fucked each other half the night.”  She turned to look at me.  “You ought to try it.  You might like it.  Not with me of course.  With Barbara.”“She told me last night she wanted me to fuck her.”That got her attention.  “Did you?”“No.  You know we both believe in waiting until we’re married.  I want to.  Fuck her, I mean.“You certainly wasted no time getting it on with her last night.”“She also agreed to marry me.”“You proposed to her last night?”“Yes.”“Damn.  Didn’t see that coming.  Congratulations.”“Thanks.  I think I have you to thank.”“Had she taken my advice to go braless?”“She mentioned that.  Said she regretted not listening to you.”Tending Hot Coals“Did she ask you to invite me to this cruise.”“No.  I had to work at convincing her to come.  Then convincing you.  I just want everyone to be happy.  If I need to help a couple discover each other, to give a little nudge here and there, I’m happy to do it.”Jen and I never brought up the subject again.  Barbara and I made our plans.  On several occasions, I caught her staring at me.  Being near her, it was hard to hide it.  She reminded me several times how Jen was giving her tips for our bed time on our honeymoon.  She gave me a link to stories of Christian hot married sex.