The Thin Blue RobeMy wife and I have been married for 40 plus years, and for many years we have enjoyed having a timeshare at a nice resort within easy driving distance from our home.  Visits to the resort with our kids and grandkids always lead to great memories.   Sometimes my wife and I go by ourselves, and our private excursions can lead to great memories as well.This particular day, we were getting around and planned to visit local thrift shops to find good quality used clothing and other items for the grandkids.  Janet concentrates on the clothing. I scope out appropriate sports equipment or other toys. All available for pennies on the dollar compared to new items.Most of the time, when we have such an agenda to fulfill, I know “morning” sexual escapades are probably not going to happen. If I am too “pushy,” I can put my wife in a sour mood, affecting the rest of the day. And maybe even into the evening.This morning, she showered first.  While taking my turn in the shower, I saw her getting ready through the steamy glass walls. My wife was wearing her thin, navy blue ‘summertime’ robe.  I got out and was drying off while I continued to watch her do her hair, etc.  Observing my semi-dressed wife primping herself in the bathroom always gets my libido going. But I knew nothing was going to happen until maybe this evening. Our day’s schedule was pretty much set, and Janet was acting ‘all business’ while getting ready.My eyes were treated to the very alluring sight of her in her thin blue robe.  The garment was tied loosely at her waist with its sash while she dried and fluffed and brushed her hair.  Her light skin tones contrasted with the dark blue robe. I couldn’t help glancing at her cleavage revealed by the long, deep V of the front of the robe. It wrapped around her upper body and closed only at her waist.My wife is 5’5″ on a medium frame and has a large (36DDD) chest. I had a wonderful view of her cleavage as she stood primping before me.  The inside edges of each beautiful breast were visible, as well as hints of the bottom of her massive mounds as her nipples stayed hidden under the thin fabric, just out of reach of my hungry, appreciative eyes.Janet knows I love watching her while getting dressed or getting ready for the day, and doesn’t mind as long as I don’t stare at her like “a piece of meat” on display.  I made sure to control myself and steal short, direct glances at her and utilize the large mirror to enjoy the view while we were at the double sink bathroom vanity.My wife walked into the bedroom to get dressed, and soon I heard her utter a sound of annoyance.  She came back into the bathroom looking dissatisfied.“Well, ” She huffed in exasperation. “You may as well keep your workout shorts on for a bit!  I just realized I didn’t start the dryer for the load of our underwear and some other things last night, so I turned it on just now!”I made a comment in my husbandly ignorance about how it was okay and probably wouldn’t take that long to have clean, dry  underwear for the day.  Janet was really just annoyed at herself for her failure to check the dryer earlier. She informed me that the appliances in these condos are pretty average quality, and it would be at least 40 minutes before we would have fresh clothes for the day.“It’s okay,” I said. “The thrift stores are open all day. It’s no big deal!”I slipped my workout shorts back on, sat on the bed, and turned on the TV to watch some news.  My wife continued to prance about the bedroom, tidying up while awaiting the dryer.  I stole more glances at her moving around in her robe, and with each pass, I could see some nice partial views of her breasts on display.Finally she took up a book she had brought to read, and slid onto the bed.  Janet leaned on her right side, facing me and the window.  Her book was open on the bed, but my eyes only focused on her face, her still damp hair. It always “gets to me.”And the tantalizing view of her cleavage now even more exposed to my husbandly eyes.The sunlight through the sheer curtains bathed her side-lying form in a wonderful, soft light.  My wife’s right breast was spilled out on the bed,  still mostly wrapped in the fabric of the thin blue robe.  The sash of the garment had loosened somewhat, and I could see all along her torso,  down to the very top edge of  her bellybutton.  The loosened fabric now allowed a view of the entire inside flesh of her right breast, but her right nipple was still tormentingly hidden from view.Then my eyes roamed upwards to the left edge of the robe as it draped over the mound of her slightly larger left breast.  The way she was leaning,  Janet’s left mammary was resting wonderfully on her torso.  It was plush thick pancake of succulent flesh that balanced perfectly, the full, soft inner edge in full view, starting near her collarbone, and going along her chest until the robe draped over the bottom edge of her breast and hiding the left nipple from my eyes.Janet was reading her book, but I quickly stopped attempting to watch the news.  My wife looked up to see me gazing at her.“What’s the matter?” She asked.“Well,” I murmured, leaning closer.  “I am becoming very… distracted…”“Of course you are,” She smiled and chuckled,  “That’s because you have no willpower!”“I admit it, I don’t have any resistance to you. Or this.” I leaned in and  smelled her hair.  “Or this.” I murmured, nuzzling my lips into the side of her neck. “Or this.” I continued kissing her neck, while  letting the backs of my fingers graze the exposed edges of that wonderful left breast.    “And since our clothes aren’t dry yet….” I panted, in a begging, open-ended offer to see what might happen.“Mmmm… Hoping for more?” Janet responded with a gleam in her eye.“Yes..” I croaked in excitement.“Is it just too much for you to wait until tonight?” My wife teased.   I looked at her with my own eyes glistening in desire.“Are you kidding?  First, you announced that our clothes were still wet, so we can’t get dressed.  Then you parade around here in your robe, and then lay on the bed with it half open. It is a miracle I’ve been able to hold back this long!”  I made my speech with a smile on my face, so she knew my accusations were in just in fun (even though they were all true!).“Well,” My wife smiled. “We can have a little fun now, but only until the dryer is finished!  Once the clothes are ready, I want to get going to the thrift stores!”“Sure!” I stated with quiet victory! I got up and headed to the entry area.  “I’ll just make sure the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign is on the door. We don’t want any interruptions.”“Good idea,” Janet responded.  “I’ll get ready for you!”  I knew that meant she was planning on being naked and half under the covers when I came back, but that is not what I desired.“Oh, no,” I answered. “Please stay just the way you are. I want the pleasure of removing your sexy robe.”As I walked by the dryer, I had another great idea.  I turned the timer dial an additional two or three clicks.As I returned to the bed,  Janet asked, “Did you add more time to the dryer?’ She tried to sound annoyed or accusatory, but I knew she wasn’t really angry.“I did,” I confessed, smiling. “We took a few minutes to decide on our ‘activities,’ and I didn’t want us to be cheated out of any time when it comes to our make out opportunity!”“You’re a hot mess!” My wife smiled.“And you…” I said, leaning close for a kiss, “Make me that way!”Continuing to slowly kiss my wife, first on her lips, then, I gradually made my way to her neck.  I miraculously kept my hands off of her semi naked body as I patiently worked.   After I trailed my lips down onto the start of her shoulder, I paused and leaned back.  My eyes were filled with the vision of my beautiful wife in the thin blue robe.The right side was pretty open, and I could see most of her right breast spilled out on the bed.  A gentle tug on the edge of the garment gave me a view of  its pink nipple starting to engorge.  I allowed my fingertips to caress all the way from her neck to the soft curves of that right mound.  Following the same path with my lips, I kissed her gently until I reached the nipple.  I flicked at the stiff, elongated tip with the end of my tongue.  That action brought a nice little moan from Janet’s lips.I raised my face out of the valley of beauty, and gazed at my next destination.  My obedient wife had stayed in a halfway side-lying position, allowing her large left mound to tilt just slightly my direction.  Now I could really enjoy the soft edge of that breast and anticipate the sight of her left nipple as it strained against the thin material of the robe.  I caressed the flesh of her globe with my fingertips.“Oh, my….” I murmured. “This seems like heaven on earth….”  I gently tasted the sweet flesh with my lips and tongue, while slowly teasing the thin fabric across the now erect nipple.When the pink tip came into view, I greeted the turgid nubbin with gentle kisses and flicks of my tongue.  The sighs from Janet encouraged me, so I covered the nipple with my open mouth and began slowly swirling my tongue all around it.  My wife’s  sounds turned to light moans as her tip stiffened and became more distended.After a bit, I lifted my mouth off and looked at the results of my oral attention.  The left nipple was now glistening wet from my saliva.  The cool room air along with the teasing from my tongue left the pink nubbin very distended and the surrounding flesh of the areola turgid, every wrinkle visible to my ravenous eyes.  Janet tried to shrug her shoulder and arm to get the robe all the way off her limb.  I quietly aided her by helping the thin robe off of her left shoulder and arm.“Thanks,” My wife murmured. shifting her arm to her side.“Oh, no…” I said softly, as her left breast started tilting toward me.  “Thank you…” I cupped that wonderful torpedo of breast flesh in my right hand to stabilize the  shifting mound, then leaned in and took the entire tip and surrounding area in my mouth.  Once more I swirled my tongue around the erect nubbin, but this time with more fervor, and more sucking action.After my mouth was latched onto her left breast, I used my right hand to caress along her torso.  The now disheveled robe was still draped over her hip and tied loosely with the sash across her waist.   My roaming fingers traveled along the edge of the robe, sliding against her skin.  I found the sash, loosened it, and tugged the garment open.  A simple flick of my wrist sent the last bit of the robe up and over her hip, exposing her lower half to me.  I caressed the smooth skin of her sides and across her belly while I worked her left nipple with my tongue.  The bombardment of contrasting pressures made my wife gasp and groan with pleasure. My hand explored down between her inner thighs, over her vulva, and grazed the pink edges of her inner labia.Finally, Janet groaned “Oh, my…”  as she tilted away from me, letting herself fall into  position on her back.  As she turned,  her left breast escaped from my mouth, and my wife murmured “Sorry..”I knew she was enjoying my actions, but my relentless teasing had become too much for her  and she needed a break from my fervent advances.   Now that she was on her back, Janet’s right breast was totally exposed, the robe barely still on her right arm at this point.  I slid over the right side of her body and draped my right leg over hers.“No worries,”  I said, now cupping her right mound with my left hand. “I still have this one to enjoy…” I slowly and gently nuzzled and prodded her right nipple with my nose, cheeks, and lips.  Janet’s light moans gave away her renewed arousal.  I paused to examine my prize and make a comment about the now very stiff tip.  “Mmmm.” I murmured, “I think this one wants more…”  My wife loves it when I describe her body’s involuntary reactions to my sensual attentions, especially when I say it in such a teasing way.Janet was already starting to moan in response to my comment when I began tenderly, but thoroughly assaulting the right nipple with my mouth, lips, and tongue.  I swirled my tongue around the tip, then captured it with my open mouth.  I continued swirling and sucking the erect point to the wonderful tune of my wife’s noises.  My right hand was not idle.  It roamed over all the rest of her from below her ribs to her thighs.  Slowly, I trailed my free hand upward.   This time, with my body partially covering hers,  there would be no easy escape from the pleasure I was set to deliver.I reached across her chest and fondled and kneaded her left breast.  Eventually I took her neglected left nipple between my thumb and middle finger, causing a delightful, gurgling gasp from my wife.  I gently tugged and rolled that stiff tip of flesh as my mouth and tongue worked diligently on her right one.  Soon I was treated to the most delightful whimpers and mewls of pleasure coming from Janet’s lips, and I just knew I had to do more.  Keeping her sensitive left nipple lightly pinched, I added  the other fingertips  to the party  with her engorged  tip.  Janet’s left nipple was now long and swollen,  held between my thumb and ALL four fingertips.  I contentedly watched my right fingers holding my wife’s left nipple up, stretching the sensitive nubbin while my mouth and tongue worked wonders on her right breast.I enjoyed the sounds Janet was making, and the look on her face was that beautiful expression of  tension from the sweet agony of sensual overload.  My wife absolutely LOVES the way I play with her breasts and nipples, and once aroused, no amount of teasing ever seems to be too much for them.  She glanced up to see her poor left nipple being stretched out and pleasantly tormented by my expert right hand, while my mouth worked diligently on her other one.   Her eyes flitted from one side to the other as she couldn’t stop watching my ravenous actions on her chest.“Huuuuh…” Janet gurgled.  “I can’t believe what you’re doing to me…”She had initially tried using her right hand to play with my chest while I was leaning in from her right side, but her arm was still partially entangled in the sleeve of the robe.  My wife had quickly given up her weak attempts at reciprocation, so now her only option  was to simply relax and enjoy the overwhelming pleasure I was giving her body.  Her cooperation and submission just added fuel to my fire of arousal!I paused briefly and slid farther over, now straddling her waist.  I cupped and kneaded her tender mounds, lapping at each tip to keep them wet before resuming my relentless actions.  This time, I took hold of both tips in my fingers and thumbs and pulled and tweaked to my heart’s content.   Now I could enjoy the beautiful sights and sounds of my wife going into full  ‘meltdown.’   She had that look of extreme arousal on her face and couldn’t stop watching first one breast and then the other as my fingers teased away.   Crazed with sensual power, I was absolutely loving it, and I was losing control of my own willpower to change the location of my ardent desires.I let all my fingertips fall away, but kept Janet’s long and swollen nipples squeezed between my thumbs and middle fingers. Keeping her tips pulled up allowed  pressure to come from above and below, as her large mounds acted as weights to add to the pressure on her nipples from below.   She tried to reach up to my body, to ‘return the favors’ but I was now so  entranced with her body, I didn’t want any distractions.  I playfully, gently scolded her.“Keep your hands down, please…”  Then I moaned,  “I just can’t stop!”  I felt her settle down, quieting her hands by keeping them on the bed and holding onto the sheets.  “Thank you…” I murmured, loving how she was just giving herself to me.The reward for her cooperation came quickly.   I began a delicious, gentle little twisting/tweaking motion on those sensitive nipples that is always really fun for my wife.“GUUH!” Janet gasped in response.   When I added a little tugging to the twisting on those erect tips, she just moaned helplessly under me.  Her eyes were glistening slits of steaming desire, increased by watching every movement of my talented fingers and thumbs as I continued my sensual assault.“Oooohhh,” She growled. “My nipples LOVE you!”“Mmmmm,” I murmured, leaning over to plant gentle, tender kisses on the soft flesh of each mound.  I slowly reduced my incessant teasing of her chest, finally pausing to allow her to come down from her “breast high.”Continuing to gently kiss Janet’s body, I slid further downward until I arrived at her bellybutton.  I glanced at the bedside clock, trying to estimate the minutes we had left so I would know how much time I could spend enjoying her wonderful lower half.  I began kissing her belly while my fingers trailed farther down, caressing just to the top of her pubic area.“I’d better play down here before I run out of time…” I murmured, while kissing the rim of her deep naval.   Then I was greatly rewarded by Janet’s next comment.“Forget about THAT…” She groaned.So, my foreplay had put her into such an aroused state,  she was now willing to abandon her initial, arbitrary time limit!   I basked inwardly in husbandly satisfaction, realizing her heightened  level of excitement presented me with an opportunity to have even more fun with her beautiful body than I originally thought possible.  I just couldn’t resist making sure of her change of mind.“Really?” I teased with my warm breath over her skin while my tongue swirled into the cleft of her navel…And my fingertips now trailed over her vulva.“Yesss… ” She whispered in a gentle, surrendering tone.I caressed down her lower half and along her legs. She parted her knees, signaling her desire for further exploration.  I followed my fingers with my lips and tongue, and began really concentrating on the soft plushness of her inner thighs, nuzzling, kissing, even sucking that tender flesh.  I worked my lips into the folds between her thighs and outer labia, then traced my tongue into the delicious grooves of her groin.  While my mouth explored these ‘outer’ regions, my fingertips teased all over her vulva and into her warm, inner folds of her labia.Already moist from my earlier foreplay on her upper body, I felt the sensitive pink flesh become wetter  the more I explored her private slit.  I kissed and nuzzled her outer labia, as my wife was too far along for any direct contact with her most intimate areas. I knew from experience that at this point, any touch of my tongue or lips on or near her clit would overexcite her and she’d probably orgasm immediately (And she really doesn’t like climaxing without feeling me inside of her).   Obviously, the only solution  was to continue with a slow, long lovemaking experience. And steadily work her into a frenzy of delight!Janet gasped and moaned as I played in her most private areas.  I placed a hand on each side of her vulva, pressing the outer labia together as I massaged the swollen flesh with the edges of my hands, fingers and thumbs.  By working near the northernmost couple inches of her slit, I gave a wonderful bit of indirect pressure  to the inner flesh surrounding Janet’s clitoris.  This unique mini massage made my wife squirm and moan. I slipped a fingertip into her crevice again, and definitely felt more fluid leaking out.“Oh my…..” I said softly.  “You’re sooooo wet!”My wife LOVES this little play by play, and groaned in response after hearing me describe her responses to my attentions.  I kept gently teasing the warm inner folds with my fingers.  A minute or so later, my wife was asking for me to slow down with my hands, as she was on the verge of going ‘too far.’  I obeyed THAT request immediately.  I stopped my hands and leaned back on my knees.  I kept silent as I relished the vision of her sprawled out in front of me, her milky white flesh framed by the now disheveled dark blue robe around and under her.  Her knees were slightly bent, her chest rising and falling with a wonderful pattern of excited breathing.  My wife eyed my erection hovering near her vulva,  and added another request.“Oh Ho!” She gurgled.“ Please… I want you IN me!”Having Janet  so aroused and wanting me so badly was an opportunity I just couldn’t waste.   I am a short guy, and having a loving christian wife (With a most curvaceous body) really does it for my ego!  And when she is totally and so willingly ‘at my mercy,’ it does even more wonders for my libido!   Earlier, she had visually teased me with the sight of her naked body moving about in that blue robe, acted aloof at my initial advances, made me BEG for the privilege of making love to her, and then set a time limit on how long we would get to play.  Whether her earlier actions were all planned or not made no difference to me now.  I was  as crazed as a hungry lion, ravenous for her essence, both body AND mind!During the last half hour or so, the tables had turned, and now my beautiful wife was in a state of supreme arousal!   Janet’s fervent plea for my erection  triggered the “teasing husband” in me. And sometimes, I really enjoy making her frantic before our finish!   From all of our years together, I know exactly  how to  lovingly, sensually  treat her beautiful and receptive mind and body.   So instead of fulfilling her second request right away,  I decided that the  experience of my physical entry would have to wait until the timer went off, giving us a slow, burning build up with whatever  minutes were left!I had the perfect position in mind.  Working from the inside of her lower limbs, I slipped my hands under my wife’s slightly bent knees and quickly raised her legs and pressed them back toward her torso.  Now with my knees pressed up against her curvy bottom, I had  good control of her lower body.As I maneuvered her into that most vulnerable position,  Janet exhaled a barely audible little gasp of “Oh…no…” as she fully realized my plan for the next few minutes.“Oh, yeah…” I murmured,  my voice low and husky,  quaking with excitement as my two words  confirmed her fate.She was going to experience the  joy of being thoroughly teased into an extraordinary orgasm—But only at MY timing and discretion–And I ALWAYS take my sweet time in patiently ‘finishing her off’!  The precious look on Janet’s face was that wonderful blend of great sensual anticipation with just a little glint of apprehension.   I am sure she was wondering what delicious things I was planning  do with her in the minutes before I would allow our orgasm to arrive.Knowing I had my wife in such a state really fed my ‘teasing husband’ ego and sent my own arousal skyrocketing!   I let my erection slip between her partially open thighs.  A little lean forward and I could press  my organ along  her moist,  private slit.  When I started moving my hips back and forth,  the response from my overworked wife was perfect!  With her legs trapped in this sexy ‘up and back’  position, she couldn’t move much as I began teasing her with the shaft of my penis sliding back and forth in her sensitive groove.  Janet’s moans came quickly, and in just a few passes, she was anxious for me to do more.  My lovely wife was beside herself with extreme desire, and I was ready to take full advantage of the situation to lovingly drive her wild!“Please!” She gasped. “I need you in me!”Staying silent, I moved my hips slowly, letting her feel my entire length sliding against her slit.  I was intent on holding off just a little longer.  My erection was like a bow playing a violin between my wife’s legs.  The delightful music I created was her passionate moaning in ‘sensual distress’ and delight as I slowly teased her vulva.“Uuuuuuh, Guuuh, Uuuuuh,” were some of the beautiful notes I heard from her lips, until I was becoming nearly out of control myself!My erection screamed for entry, but I was loving the look of dazed arousal on my wife’s face.“Now who’s a hot mess?” I teased.Janet moaned deliciously, “Ooohh, ho..Ohhh…”  Instead of actual words,  her sensual delirium was  answer enough for my steaming mind.  Still,  I just couldn’t stop pleasuring her this way!After a bit I decided to change things up, to avoid repetitious boredom and keep my wife guessing!  With my left hand still in the crook of her right knee, I kept that leg bent back as I slid my right hand down her left lower limb to take hold just above her left ankle.  Janet realized my intention was to manipulate her limbs in some other interesting position.Knowing how extremely excited I was,  with half open, glistening eyes, she murmured, “Oh, Guh…Remember… I’m not a pretzel…”It was not a protest–Just a gentle reminder to not overstretch her joints (and possibly disrupt the mood).  It showed how much my wife was enjoying being my willing partner in this dance of sexual tango.“Mm, Hmm…” I murmured  in a positive response. Then I added another phrase. “But—You ARE all mine…”The tone of my comments along with the look of deep arousal on my face and sincerity in my eyes told her that for the next few minutes, I was the one in loving care and  control of her lower half— That I was going to take full husbandly privileges and play with her smooth, silky legs any way I saw fit—And the rest of her beautiful, married body as well!To create even  more fun, I steered her left limb into a ‘frog leg’ position so that knee was bent and angled out to the side—This really opened up the V between her thighs.  I could now move my hips and erection with much more freedom and control in that gap,  sliding the head of my penis along her groove until it was bumping and brushing against the flesh surrounding her clitoris.“GAHHH!” My wife groaned with a new level of fervent desire.Then, suddenly, we heard the buzz of the dryer signaling the end of its cycle!  Wow! Time really DOES fly by when you’re having fun!  Just a little while ago,  Janet had given me permission to ignore her original established  ‘time limit’.   Now, with her body and mind melting from 30-40 minutes of intense foreplay,  I just couldn’t resist adding a little more husbandly teasing.“Oh my!” I stated in fake surprise at the sound of the buzzer.  “Should I stop?”“NO!” My wife blurted, too excited to do anything but play along with my little game.I let my organ nudge her a little more.    “Are you sure?” I smiled, continuing my teasing ‘interrogation.’   I just couldn’t help myself!“YES!” She stated emphatically, her eyes burning even brighter.Adjusting my hips backwards, I brought the head of my penis to the edge of her aching entryway.  I let her feel the tip probing, ready to advance.  I could have achieved full insertion without Janet’s aid,  but  it would be much more fun to ask for her participation.“Help me, ” I urged.  Without pause, my frantic wife used one  hand to hungrily grab my pulsing shaft and and guide the head into her ravenous vault.  I rewarded her cooperation by plunging deeply into her!  MY reward was hearing her enthusiastic response.“AAAH…OOOH!”  She groaned in relief.  After a couple more thrusts she gurgled  “Ooooh, honey, I LOVE this!”On any other day, I might have simply kept it up and finished her.  But this morning, after drowning in Janet’s teasing, tantalizing ways, I now had HER seriously aroused and impaled by my erection.  But I wanted more visual and vocal delights!  After allowing my sweet wife the taste of my fullness,  I shifted my knees forward, pressing tighter against her butt.I paused my hip action and released her legs so they gently lowered  outward and downward.   Janet’s heels were now on the bed with her legs wide, the backs of her upper thighs pressed tightly against the front my own bent thighs.  Her butt was just barely elevated, supported on the very edges of my knees.  Her upper body was flat on the mattress, while her arms pointed toward the edges of the bed. With her body splayed out so erotically before me, I let my hands rest beside me on the mattress.“Show me!” I urged my poor, beautifully overstimulated wife.From this wonderful new, ‘compromising’ position,  my erection inside of her, and my latest request, she KNEW what she needed to do to satisfy my (and her) extreme desires.  The look in her eyes said it all!Janet quickly responded by clutching the sheets.  Then, leveraging her feet, hands, arms, and shoulders on the mattress, she moved her pelvis up and down and all around, She was milking my gloriously hard  but immobile male organ.  The best part was that no matter how hard she worked my erection with those sexy hips, my wanting wife could not achieve the contact needed for her clit to rub against the base of my rock hard shaft.That kept me nicely in control of our (her) pleasure.  The angle of my erection was good for her vaginal walls. But it was obvious from her renewed vigor that Janet craved more ‘effective’ contact.  The sight of her lower body straining to achieve the task was VERY exciting!  She had quite the look of determination and arousal on her face. She feverishly complied with my request to ‘show me’ her enthusiasm!   And with every pelvic thrust upward, her large breasts, flattened out  from gravity,  shifted and bobbled all over the place!  I drank in the sight of her delicious mounds spilling all over her torso. And the blue robe contrasted so beautifully surrounding her pale form!My eyes gleamed at the sight of her doing all the work for a bit, and I simply murmured, “Oh yeeeaah…” In awe of her incredibly erotic physical display and effort!Adding to the experience were the fun little grunting and mewling noises she made while attempting  to overcome MY lack of motion by writhing and squirming her lower half to increase her (our) pleasure.   Then, my beautiful  Janet chose another way to  encourage me to resume moving my hips.   When I am in one of my teasing and ‘controlling’ moods, I always respond well to a little sincere begging.“Ahhh…Pleease!” She hissed.It was a wonderful decision on her part!  My hips obediently resumed thrusting—Just a little,  to let her know I heard her first request—But not nearly enough, yet!Soon, it was “PLEASE!” I heard her beg again, this time a little louder.  I swear my erection became harder!  Janet’s dilated eyes showed that she felt her success at making my organ swell!  With her arms  now at her sides, her fists clutching the sheets even tighter, she offered one more plea.“C.Mon! C’MON!PUUH-LEEE-HEEEAASE!” My beautiful wife called out in dire straits, her flaming eyes imploring me!  Her helplessly adding the ‘L’ and ‘H’ sounds to make her simple ‘please’ into a three syllable, prolonged erotic wail. This was the verbal ‘white flag’ that signaled she was at the end of her rope!I had gotten all I had asked for, and then some.  Now it was time for me to satisfy my bride of many years! Without a word, I leaned forward, raising her legs to allow my thighs to scoot backward on the bed.  I then tilted forward, pressing fully into her.  Both her legs were still apart, still bent up a little at her knees.  This adjustment would allow me to resume more serious penile depth and thrusting!I reached over and around her thighs and took hold  of her forearms above her wrists.  Now my wife was lovingly trapped!  Janet couldn’t lower her legs all the way down because of my thighs. With my hold on her arms,  my beautiful wife couldn’t escape the momentum of my ‘gentle’ pounding. I began moving in and out steadily.  I could tell Janet was REALLY into my powerful, hungry husband mode. So I picked up the pace of my hips,  bucking forward, my hands holding her arms at her sides!Soon, every thrust caused a little ‘slapping’ noise of our flesh meeting as I ‘hit bottom’! Each time I was rewarded by a grunt or a mewl of my wife’s approval. And also the sight of her breasts bouncing and shifting from my steady pelvic movements.  I couldn’t help groaning in unison as our bodies met together!  The renewed vision of her delicious pancakes of soft womanly flesh sent me to another level of excitement! I watched spellbound as they spilled out on her chest and to the inner edges of her bicepsAfter a bit, Janet was babbling in sensual fatigue. “Please, oh please, oh please…” was all she could say.Her lower half was tiring from the legs up position but she still craved more.  After a couple more thrusts, I released her arms and made my hips ‘narrow’ by closing my legs together.   I braced my hands on the mattress near her shoulders and began the final, deeper thrusts that we BOTH desired.    Legs unencumbered and flat on her back, my wife dug in with BOTH heels and used her hips to perfection. She added to our peaking excitement with renewed vigor!  Our pelvises were meshing together perfectly, and every thrust was making her ample chest shake from the momentum.  I  kept moving my hips with the rhythm of a machine!My body was craving more pleasure and our relief!  Now  I was  at the end of MY rope, going  out of my mind,  aching for us to finish!  But now my arms were extended for support, and my concentration was on my primal thrusts into her depths. She could use her hands to play with my unprotected upper body!   Her exquisite touch really did a number on me as she skimmed over my flesh and my sensitive male nipples!  Neither of us could hold off any  longer as we pushed each other to the brink!“Go for me?!” I pleaded,  more as a signal of surrender to her that I was officially losing control and my orgasm was coming! “PLEEEEAAASE!” I officially surrendered to her!“Mmm, hmm..” Janet murmured, recognizing my ‘distress’ and reassuring me that she was ready as well!“Oh Yeah. OH YEAH! OH YEEEAAAH!” I bellowed as I vigorously pumped into her as we both went  noisily over the edge of bliss!We groaned loudly in satisfaction and release, eventually slowed down and finally ended our wonderful morning episode.  I collapsed against my wife, and when my erection subsided, I rolled onto my back beside her, catching my breath.  When we came down from our ‘high’, we decided on where to have brunch before our shopping trip.“So, what items are you looking for today?”, I asked.  I like to know what bargains to look for to be a helpful husband.“Well,” Janet teased. “I may have to look for a new summertime robe to replace this old, thin, worn out thing.”  She watched my face for a response to her wifely humor.“Shop all you want, and buy whatever you want.” I smiled. Then I added,   “But,  you are NEVER, EVER getting rid of THIS robe!”