Having read what my wife wrote in her “advice needed” post and talking to her about it and my problem, I have come to realize that me taking a real story of our life and making out that I am a “love god” is not healthy.The truth is that I cum early and often and with little sexual stimulation. Heather is the only woman I’ve been with, and she is the only woman that can make me hard just by looking at her.  (I’ve looked at stuff on the internet, and that does not arouse me; to be honest, it turns me off.) Ever since I first became attracted to Heather, I have been very easily aroused when around her.  It has caused many a wet dream, and I’ve even gotten so aroused around her that just the friction of my jeans has made me cum in my pants.Since we married and started having sex a LOT, it still hasn’t changed that much.  I can say that, after I’ve cum three or four times, I can last longer; but then I have no cum left.  I have tried wearing a condom and even three, but that usually made me cum while putting the condom on! We’ve tried starting sex when I’m only semi-erect and allowing me to get hard inside her, but with the same results.I had a check-up, and nothing is physically wrong with me, for which Heather and I are grateful. The doctor gave me a referral to a urologist, but I’m still waiting for an appointment.In the meantime, Heather and I have been doing our research. We read that some guys like me have been prescribed Viagra (sildenafil).  We are coming into our own sexually and want to enjoy and please and love each other with everything we have to give, so we would consider medical intervention.Have any MH readers had experience with a diagnosis of premature ejaculation and been prescribed sildenafil? If so, has it helped? Does it keep you from coming so fast or just keep you hard afterward so you can still please your wife? And did you have to stay on it, or did it help you overcome the problem altogether?Heather and I appreciate your candor as we prepare to seek treatment.