She’d never been here before. The path that led her to this point was a journey of self-reflection and trust in me. I felt blessed, honored, and humbled that she would entrust me in such a way. I would not betray her. This woman in front of me held my heart within her heart.Her trembling breath was the only sound in the room. The room was dim, and the blindfold concealed all light from her eyes. I moved in her direction, but the sound of my steps were muffled by the soft plugs in her ears. She did sense something, though, and tried to turn her head, but her movements were restricted. She was not gagged. Nothing was going to keep me from hearing the sounds that she made.…It was movie night, and we were watching some RomCom. She was happy, dressed in sweats and a loose tee, and her mood and laughter set me completely at ease. At the end of the movie, she exhaled sharply, sat the popcorn down, and as if making some internal decision, looked at me and said my name.“Baby,” she said.“Yes, dear.”“I have to tell you something.”“Okay.”“I’ve come to terms with something about myself.”I had no idea where this was going.“Our sex life is good now.”“I agree.”“But I want more, I need more… and I can give you more, if you want it.”I studied her expression. It was soft, subdued even.“Sometimes we make love.”“Yes.”“I love that. It’s romantic. It’s beautiful.”“I agree completely.”“But sometimes we fuck.”“Yes. That’s true.”“I like that, too. But sometimes when we’re fucking, there’s a part of me, a deep part of me that wants… needs… something else.”I was confused and intrigued.She blew a stray hair from her forehead. “You’ve been playfully swatting my bottom ever since we were dating.”“Yes, I’ve always done that.”“Do you remember the very first time?”“No, baby, I really don’t.”“We were bowling. I was wearing jeans and that cream blouse you liked so much.”My cock definitely remembered that blouse.“I made a bad throw, and you told me not to worry, I could still make the spare. Then you smacked me on the butt.”“Okay, I don’t remember that.”“I didn’t say anything, but that sting… it went straight to my pussy. After I threw the spare, I immediately went to the bathroom. My panties were soaked.”“Shit, I had no idea.”“It’s been the same ever since—every time. I suppressed it for a while because I thought it was weird, but it wouldn’t go away. So, I started enticing you.”Realization dawned on me, and I could see her in my mind, bending over in my way, laying across my lap… putting her butt in my path every chance she got.“So…”…I circled her slowly, drinking in the sight of the naked woman before me. She was face down, her breasts spilling off the side of the padded bench. Her wrists and ankles were bound with cuffs.I lightly drug my fingers, first down one side of her back, then the other. She moaned at the contact and arched her back toward my fingers. I then moved my fingertips across each ass cheek. She knew what was coming next.I raised the flexible leather paddle and swiftly swatted each cheek three times. She cried out and hunched forward, trying to avoid the blows, but then moaned and humped at the padded bench afterwards.I soothed her bottom with my hand, rubbing each cheek in turn. Her pussy was dripping girl juice, and the room had filled with her scent.Time to up the ante. I planted three more swats on each cheek, then slid a very lubricated phallus into her pussy and turned on the random vibration.She was squirming as much as her bonds would allow. The words and sounds coming from her mouth were explicitly delightful. But we were not done.…“So, I want you to spank me… sexually.”“Wow.” My cock wanted to start right then, but she looked like she wanted to say more.“And … I’m willing to be tied down while you do.”“Damn. Are you sure about this? I mean, really sure?”“Yes, I’ve been thinking about it for weeks. I decided I wouldn’t tell you until I knew I could go through with it.”“Holy shit, baby.” Her revelation was a shock, but I’d be lying if I said I’d never thought about spanking her. “I’m gonna need some time to prepare.”“I love you. I trust you.”…Her ass was red, and she was still trying to hump the bench. Her skin glistened with a clear sheen, and she moaned my name when I turned the vibration up a notch. So, I turned it up once more.“Fuck, baby!”This was fun, but I wasn’t about to end it too quickly. I smiled at her expletives when I switched it back to random vibes.…Over the next few weeks, I made an order and prepared an unused portion of the basement for our first foray into some light spanking. It was a bit of a gamble, and more than a little expensive, but I wanted this to be special. I wanted it to be memorable. I wanted it to be something she’d want to do again. She never asked what I was doing in the basement and never checked on my progress. But whenever I came up from working, she always smiled a little smile, and maybe even seemed a little giddy. I made a few more small orders. It was almost ready… then it was.I called her from work. “Tonight,” I said.“Huh?”“Tonight, the kids are going to your sisters. Shower, shave your legs, and there’s a package under my pillow. Wear only what’s inside. Kneel on our bed and wait for me.She hesitated, then said, “Yes, sir.”I almost came right there.…She was humping hard now, trying to get the sensations back. So, I took the opportunity to smack each cheek three more times…“Ah! Shit!”…then immediately went to level three on the remote.“Mother-$@&)! Son of a !$@&”I walked to her head. This beautiful, naked woman, bound and blindfolded, was sweaty from her exertions and seriously wriggling on the bench. Her breasts were moving with each of her thrusts, and I couldn’t stop myself from fondling each one. She moaned louder when I pinched her nipples; she really wanted to cum.  The image was one I would not soon forget.I pulled the plugs from her ears and whispered, “Say it.”“Please, baby!”“Please… what?”“Please make me cum!”“As you wish.”I smacked each cheek twice more and turned the toy to guaranteed orgasm. It did not disappoint. The string of sounds and expletives increased until it melted into one long “Nnnngggg, Ahhhhhhhh!” and boom. She came hard. Her body stiffened into an arch, and her face was contorted in sweet agony as she rode the orgasmic wave. It was beautiful and erotic to behold.I turned off the toy and released her bonds. Then I removed the blindfold and helped her sit up. She fell into me and released tears she’d been holding. I held and soothed her.“Oh my God,” she said, over and over. “I don’t know how you could have possibly made that any better.”  She looked around the room for the first time. “You’ve been busy.”“Yes.”“Worth it.”I carried her up the stairs and prepared her a bath. I washed every inch of her body, finishing with her hair. Then I dried her and carried her to the bed, where I gave her a gentle massage, carefully applying lotion to her reddened booty. Afterward, I covered her up, stripped, and spooned her.“You didn’t cum.”“No, baby. Not tonight.”She made a contented sound. “You will.”  Then she drifted off to sleep.