It was hot. It was very, very hot, unusually so for London, and it had been for several weeks now. Most Londoners were enjoying the heatwave with picnics, barbecues and al fresco sex where they could get away with it. But for Kelly, eight and a half months pregnant, it just added to her discomfort. It was worst at night. The top floor Victorian apartment she occupied with her husband Alex was lovely, but airless in the heat. And it was almost unbearable when she tried to sleep, even with all the windows open.This Wednesday night seemed worse than ever. The need to pee every half hour added to the impossibility of sleep. Finally at 2 a.m. she gave up. Lumbering out of bed like a bloated whale, she stopped for water in the kitchen before heading to the bathroom. Again. As she finished peeing, she noticed her pussy lips were engorged. Curious, she touched them gently with her fingers, feeling a sudden rush of lust pulse through her pussy.Kelly was surprised. She and Alex enjoyed lots of inventive and passionate fucking during the first seven months of her pregnancy. However, the last six weeks had been a sexual desert. Her size and exhaustion left her feeling anything but horny. She kept Alex happy with the occasional hand or blow job. But she stopped him from touching her when he had tried to return the favour. Now, however, she felt really randy and realized that this might be the answer to her insomnia too.She sat on the toilet and touched herself for a minute or so. The sensation of her fingers on her clit and her labia was so enjoyable. Then she inserted two fingers deep inside her pussy and felt her juices starting to flow. She returned to the bedroom where Alex was still sleeping, lying on his back and snuffling, rather than snoring, gently. She pulled the sheet off him carefully and smiled when she saw that his cock was slightly erect. “I hope he’s dreaming about me, the horny bastard!” Kelly thought to herself. She began to stroke his cock gently so as not to wake him.Kelly left her panties on the bathroom floor, and now took off her nightdress, too. Sitting naked on the soft bed next to her sleeping husband, her hand stroked his lengthening shaft. She looked down in the half light of the bedroom. Her tits were the largest they had ever been. She had round brown nipples straining upwards with desire. Her huge tummy hid her pubic hair and pussy beneath it. Even in this advanced stage of pregnancy, her body looked really sexy.She touched herself between her legs and on her breasts, as she continued to gently wank Alex. His cock was fully erect now. It was not especially long, around six inches. But it was rock hard the way that she loved, and hot from blood rushing to fill its girth. It’s circumcised head twitched as she stroked the glans and ran her fingers up and down its length.She knew that she had to come, and come soon, and this was the way she might finally sleep. She adjusted her position, supporting her weight on her right hand. Leaning over Alex, she licked the side of his cock and balls. Then she took the head of his straining member in her mouth and sucked it. This was finally enough to wake him fully. He quickly realized what was happening and did not break the spell. Instead he stroked Kelly’s thick blonde hair to encourage her. He also twisted her nipples gently between the fingers and thumb of his other hand.Kelly sucked and licked Alex’s cock until she knew he was as hard as he could be. She knew he was probably getting close to coming, too. Not wanting to let that happen, she ceased the blowjob and instead straddled him. She took his cock in her hand and rubbing the head of it on her large and throbbing clit. She was by now incredibly turned on from what she had been doing and the response she had from Alex. The pressure of his cock drove her nearer the edge.Kelly eased her large body over her husband and thrust down on to his cock. She felt it push into her soaking wet pussy and fill her. Her body took over now, putting her needs for a massive orgasm ahead of everything else. Without thought to what her extra weight might do to Alex, she moved up and down on him vigorously. She felt his cock thrusting in and out of her as she did so. Her tits bounced almost painfully as she moved. She slowed a little, shifting her weight so she could release her left hand to finger her clit.She was gasping and moaning now as her orgasm approached. Rubbing her clit faster and faster, she exhorted her husband to fuck her harder.“Make me come, Alex, make me come. I need it so badly baby, fuck me faster, that’s it, that’s it, push your cock into me. God, yes, yes, yes, ohhhhhhhhhhhh!”Kelly came hard, wave upon wave of orgasm pulsing through her sopping wet pussy for what seemed an age. When the wonderful sensations had subsided, she eased carefully off Alex’s cock. She thought she could easily squash him with her increased weight. For his part, the whole episode had caught him unawares, and he had still not come. He was distracted near the point of his own orgasm by his wife’s climax. His focus was concentrating on ensuring she went over the edge as fast and hard as she clearly desired.Kelly was tired now, but she was not so cruel as to neglect her husband’s very obvious needs. Knowing him as well as she did after ten years together, she went down on him again.“Come for me now, baby, give me all that you’ve got, I want that hot cum in my mouth.”Alex loved to hear his sexy wife talk like this, and very soon he felt his orgasm approaching. This time Kelly made sure he came as hard as she had. She inserted a finger into his anus as she licked and sucked his hard cock. Then she wanked him into her mouth with her other hand. She opened her mouth just wide enough to be able to tell him again what she wanted.“Fill my mouth Alex, I’m ready for your spunk. Give it all to me now baby, now, now, yes, yes.”  Her final words coincided with the first spurts of his orgasm.“Oh God yes, fuck yes Kelly, you’re the best, you’re so hot, yes, yesssssssssssssss.” He yelled as he came, pumping cum into her willing mouth, trying to fill it as she begged him.Kelly swallowed all but the last drops of his cum. Then, keeping those in her mouth, moved up and kissed Alex, making sure he tasted it on her tongue. They embraced deeply, and Alex stroked Kelly’s breasts as they did so. He was relieved that Kelly regained her libido and marveling at the unexpected way she woke him. They lay together on the rumpled sheets, too warm to need any covers. Alex held Kelly tightly from behind as she drifted into the first deep sleep she had in weeks. Their night had proved to be even more steamy than the weather. They nurtured each other and their growing family.