This story has some strong language (L).Most people cook turkey for Thanksgiving, but my husband and I cooked up something else, too!We hosted Thanksgiving dinner, and it was wonderful. Both sets of our parents, along with two of my siblings and four of his, came over. (This isn’t our entire family, mind you.) We also invited three of our friends and their kids. Everyone dressed up, and we made up our house to celebrate. The smells of apple and pumpkin pie, green bean casserole, ham and stuffing, dinner rolls, turkey, gravy, sweet potatoes, and roasted veggies filled our house. I was so full afterward that I didn’t think I’d need to eat for a good week.Once dinner was over, we enjoyed connecting as a family. There was a lot of laughter and joy to go around. We even made a few margaritas and popped open some champagne. Too bad the guests driving home that night couldn’t drink any.The friends went home, but our family members decided to stay at our house. We offered—well, pushed—because it’s Thanksgiving! Who wants to stay in a hotel? So, our house had little privacy for a few days, but that didn’t keep my husband and me from creating our own reason for giving thanks. You might think Thanksgiving with a house full of peoplewouldstop us. Well, it didn’t.The clean-up process later wasn’t too bad. My husband brushed up against me in the kitchen; I don’t know if it was on purpose or by accident. He offered to help with the dishes, but I think he was setting the tone for what came next.My parents were still up past midnight, so we finished the bottle of champagne and the last of the margaritas. I secretly hoped they would go to sleep soon because I felt the champagne kicking in. I love my parents, but my husband had definitely set the mood. When my parents did go upstairs to the guest room with my sibling (near our room, yikes), they were very much wide awake. My in-laws were in the room across from us—double yikes. My sibling-in-law and their kids were downstairs. Triple yikes. My husband and I couldn’t do anything. Well, Ithoughtwe couldn’t.I tried my best to control myself, but my husband made it hard—literally. We did a lot of downstairs stuff away from my in-law and the kids. (Buying a house with a lot of space was worth it.) My husband’s fingers reached up under my dress and found my spot, and when he started rubbing, I couldn’t contain myself. We had to go upstairs.I was a little worried about doing anything with my parents next to us and my in-laws across from us. That worry went away when we got into our room and locked our door—unusual for us but necessary this time. As soon as the door was secure, my husband lifted my dress, and his hand found my panties and rubbed ever so slightly. My breath quickened. He started rubbing harder, and a slight moan slipped out. I tried not to make noise, but it was so hard.“Feels good, right?”I nodded.“You’re so wet,” he whispered.I felt myself getting even wetter at his words. “Right there,” I whispered.My husband rubbed my clit, and I felt myself weaken. I didn’t have anything to hold onto as I felt my release coming.“It’s about to happen.” I tried to speak softly.My husband whispered back, “Cum. Cum. Cum on me.”I felt it boiling. I tried hard to keep it in but couldn’t. My legs started to shake, my buildup waiting to be released, then finally, it happened. I grunted, trying to suppress my moans. My body shook so that I couldn’t stand up. My face flushed as my clit and vaginal walls let go.“Shit,” I whispered as my husband held me through my release. My panties were soaked, and I was ready for more.Once my released finished, I went down on my husband. I pulled down his pants and took his erect penis out. It was stiff and swollen, ready for me. I licked his balls and, very gently, the tip. I’ve been practicing, so I’ve gotten better at sucking him off. As I took him inside my mouth, his eyes rolled back. I got into a rhythm, sucking and licking, then taking him whole. He held my hair up as I looked up at him. Suddenly, he pulled me up.“I’m gonna cum and don’t want to,” my husband said. He took my dress and panties off me. “Leave those heels on. They’re hot,” he told me. He carried me to our bed, then kissed my breasts. A slight moan escaped my lips, so he reached for the remote control to turn the TV on and the volume up.“I don’t want to cause a show and let everyone in the house hear us,” he laughed. “Hopefully, this will drown out the noise as I fuck you, love.”My husband kissed my lips, then very slowly kissed my body from head to toe. He nibbled gently on my nipples as they grew harder. Next, he licked my stomach before kissing my thighs. I felt his warm breath inches from my sweet spot. Before I knew it, his mouth began working wonders.I tried my best to keep the noise down. I grabbed a pillow. Hopefully, having the TV on and using the pillow to muffle my moans would lessen the noise escaping our room—maybe, none would. I tried my best to keep it down. I had one hand on the pillow and the other on my husband’s head, guiding him.“Shit, baby,” I moaned low, “that feels good.”My husband was eating me out after we had just eaten Thanksgiving dinner. I guess he wasn’t full, lol. His mouth sent explosions up my body. Soon, I felt another orgasm building. Who knew if I could keep my release to myself and not make noise?I have this weird habit of not staying in place when I’m getting my pussy eaten. I hold onto the sheets; I move around. My poor husband tried to keep up and didn’t miss a beat.“Right there, baby. Yes.” I moaned slightly.My breathing got heavy. I was trying to hold back, but I couldn’t. I grabbed the pillow again and moaned into it as I squirmed around. My husband struggled to stay with me as he ate me to my release. Then, I lost it.“Agh! Shit. Fuck,” I screamed into the pillow. My eyes rolled back, and those sexy heels almost hit my poor husband. I felt my release all over my body, and my husband held me still as it took me over.Once I calmed down, my husband smiled and kissed me on my lips.“Good girl,” he told me. “I love seeing you cum.”“Cum in me,” I said as I pulled him close.“Not yet,” he said. “I wanna make you cum again.”“Baby, I want your cum inside me. I wanna feel you in me,” I said. I grabbed my pussy lips and spread them apart. I guess my husband couldn’t resist that; he took his stiff cock and slid it against my clit.“Come on,” I said. “Don’t tease me.”“Oh, I have to.” He smiled and rubbed his cock on my clit again. “Ooooh, you’re so wet,” he grinned.“I want you inside me,” I moaned.“You do?” he asked, and I nodded. “Well, like this?” He thrust hard inside me, and my breath quickened. Then, he took it out again and kissed me.I got up. “Lay down,” I said. “Iwill fuckyou.”When my husband lay down, I took my heels off and slowly positioned myself on top of him. I felt my wet vaginal walls wrap around his cock.“Mmmmm,” my husband moaned.“Shhhh,” I said, laughing. “We have to keep it down.”“Oh, right.” He laughed, too. “Don’t want a knock on our door.”I slowly went up and down on my husband, riding him. I wanted his cum inside me.“Oh, shit, that feels good,” my husband moaned.The TV was on in the background, and I prayed it drowned out any noise in our room. I picked up my pace. My husband’s moans sent chills through me.“You like this?” I asked. When he nodded, I said, “Tell me you like it.”“Baby, I like it. I like it so much,” he moaned.I was determined to ride my husband until his cum was inside me. However, he unexpectedly stopped me.“I’m gonna cum,” he said. “I don’t wanna cum yet.”“I want you to cum,” I whispered.“Not just yet,” he said. “I wanna see you cum again.” And with that, my husband held my hips and started pounding me. He knows this drives me crazy, knows what it does to me. He knew I might lose all control, but he didn’t care.I tried to resist—I really did. But I couldn’t. The sound of his balls pounding my sweet pussy filled the room. Who knew what noises were coming from our room at this point? My breasts jumped up and down with each of his thrusts.“OMG.” I tried to whisper.” OMG.” The bed rocked like it always does when my husband pounds me.“Cum for me, baby,” my husband said. “I wanna see you cum.”“Fuck,” I whispered as I rubbed my clit.“Yes, baby, it’s okay. Cum for me,” my husband said, his thrusts getting faster and stronger.My pussy reveled in the pleasure along with the rest of my body. Sweat began to collect between our bodies. “Oh, my god. Argh!”“You like this, huh? Huh?” he asked as he pounded my sweet, wet pussy.“Yes.” I moaned.“I’m gonna make you cum on my dick,” he said.With that, he leaned me forward and resumed pounding me. The bed made noise again.Wemade noise again. My husband held me while he thrust wildly. We couldn’t stop; we were like glue.“I like it when you cum on me,” he said.The mixture of pleasure and encouragement to cum sent me over the edge. I eventually felt it… building… building. I didn’t want it because I knew I would “lose it,” but I couldn’t stop. I gave up. My breathing came faster until my buildup reached its peak. Then…Bam!My body shook, my walls squeezed, and I could barely cover my moans. Tears welled in my eyes. My husband fucked me through my release, then stopped once I finished.Once I caught my breath again, I smiled, then kissed my husband.“I love seeing you cum on my dick,” he said.“Now cum in me,” I said as I got off him because my legs felt jello. I lay down on the bed and pulled my husband over me.He kissed me on my lips, then down my neck to my breasts. I moaned slightly as our TV did its best to drown me out. He gently nibbled on my breasts as more puddles formed between my legs.“Fuck me, baby,” I moaned.“I can’t just yet,” he said. “I want you to want it.”“I do want it!” I moaned as my pussy throbbed.“Well, tell me how much you want me inside you,” my husband whispered.“I want it,” I moaned.“Shhh,” my husband said. “Whisper and tell me how much you want me.”“I want you,” I whispered.“How much?” my husband asked as his hand moved to my clit.“A lot,” I whispered.“Like this?” he asked, rubbing my clit.I nodded. “Yes,” I said.His hand moved to my wet vaginal hole. “You’re so fucking wet,” he said as he stuck one finger inside me, and I moaned slightly. “You like this?” he asked. I nodded yes. “You want me to fuck you?” he asked.“Yes,” I whispered.“How much do you want me to fuck you?” he asked.“A lot,” I moaned.“Shhh, remember we can’t let them hear us.” He laughed.“I promise I’ll be quiet if you fuck me,” I moaned slightly. As my husband rubbed my clit, I struggled to keep my moans in.“But you like this, right?” he asked.“Yes,” I moaned slightly.“Ummm, you look so hot right now,” my husband said.“But I want you inside me,” I said.“Really bad?” he asked, and I nodded. “Well, then, let’s see how hard I can fuck you. But first, I want you to try to cum again.”“I want to cum with you inside me,” I said.“You do?” he asked. “Well, then, let’s make that happen!” My husband stopped rubbing my clit and took hold of his erect penis. “Rub yourself when I enter you,” he said as he kissed me. Then he took his erection and rubbed it on my clit. He kissed me again before slowly putting his erection inside me. Inch by inch, I felt him open up my walls.“Fuck,” I moaned, praying the TV would cover up what we were doing. My husband leaned over me, and I wrapped my legs around him. A slight moan escaped my lips as he kissed me, thrusting slowly.“Now rub your pussy,” he said as he thrust more powerfully and melted me away in pleasure.I started rubbing my pussy as my husband began to go faster. I couldn’t control myself; the pleasure was too much. I tried to keep quiet but couldn’t.“You like this?” my husband asked. He thrust in and out of me with the bed rocking slightly.“Yes,” I moaned. “Yes, baby. I love you.” I rubbed my clit as he pounded. The pleasure ripped through me. “Yes, baby. Yes.” I couldn’t stop moaning.“I know you do,” he said.“I do, baby. I love you,” I whispered.“I love you, too.” My husband said as he pounded me.It’s crazy how nothing mattered at the moment but us. It was Thanksgiving, but we quickly forgot what day it was moments after. I rubbed my sweet pussy, and my husband continued thrusting in and out of me. Then I felt it. That moment. My moment.“I’m ’bout to cum.” I tried to whisper the words out.Cum on me, baby. Cum,” my husband urged. “I wanna see you cum on my dick.”“I want you to cum, too,” I moaned.“I will cum in you, my husband said. “I want you to cum on me.”I felt my buildup tingling inside me. I wanted to wait until my husband could cum with me, but I couldn’t. I felt it rising inside me, just waiting for release.“Baby, I’m there,” I whispered. “I’m gonna cum on you.”“That’s right,” my husband said. “Cum on me. Cum, baby. Cum on my dick.”I rubbed my pussy faster and faster until I couldn’t hold on anymore. “Fuck,” I whispered loudly. “Yes. Baby, fuck me through it. Fuck me. I’m cumming on you. Oh, my god.”My husband thrust hard inside me as my release came. My walls squeezed around his dick, and pleasure ripped through me.Oh, my god! I tried to stifle my scream. “I’m cummming. I’m cumming! Don’t stop fucking me. Baby, I’m cumming.”“Yes, cum on me,” my husband said through thrusts. “I like it when you cum.”My release was strong, and my husband’s climax began only a minute later. Too bad I couldn’t hold on for another minute so we could cum together, but I loved it.“Baby,” my husband said. “I’m gonna cum.”I wrapped myself around my husband tightly. “Come on, cum in me. I wanna feel your hot cum inside me. Cum. I know you’re gonna cum.”My husband thrust faster and harder. The bed rocked violently as his release built.“Yes, baby,” I moaned. “Cum in me.”He pounded my pussy until… “Arg! Shit,” my husband moaned, “you feel so good.” We held each other tightly as he released himself inside me and filled me up.When he finished, we kissed and held each other. Then, he pulled out of me, and our cum leaked out on our sheets. We both laughed, thinking about the clean-up and facing our families the next day. What a Happy Thanksgiving it was for all of us.