(And Literary Exhibitionism)BACK STORYWe just returned from a quick visit to our daughter, her husband, and their family. Two grandkids! It was an arduous return trip—10 hours with traffic at the end! But we took the chance to jump back out on a third visit to our newly found Nakedist Venue. Let me explain …NAKEDISMI’ve listed this “theory” before, but here it is again in a nutshell. Queen and I LOVE to be naked. And we are most of each day at home (empty nesters, secluded yard, etc.) And we do it specifically to be sexually focused, to seduce each other, and to ramp up our marital heat! Why? Because we love to fuck each other!To me, “nudism” tries hard to separate itself from the sexual (which I think is nonsense). It’s either false, or it dulls their sexual sensitivities. The human body is sexual, and our sexual selves are supposed to respond!When I see tits, pussy, and ass, I get sexually excited. I’m created that way! When Queen sees cock, balls, and ass, she gets sexually excited. She’s created that way! It’s what we do with that sexual energy that is either in or Out Of Bounds (OOB).And yes, sun, warm weather, cool breeze, etc. all feel great. But make no mistake, I’m focused on Queen’s tits, pussy, and ass! They’re spectacular! And I think she’s checking me out, as well! (Lord, I hope so!)And “naturism” is often so involved with being “one with nature”. To me, it borders on a religion of materialism (i.e. matter, not money). I think of hippies with flowers in their hair, worshipping the creation, not the Creator. But hey, that’s just me.So, I coined the term “Nakedism”, and thus, we’re “Nakedists”.In any event, Queen and I are naked to seduce each other. Being naked with others (Exhibitionism and Voyeurism, hereafter E/V) only adds to the heat. We focus that heat exclusively on each other. Never OOB.But seeing and being seen is clearly a fucking hot turn-on. A kink? Yes, probably. But we’re more than good with it.THE VENUE(Remember, we’ve been to a nude beach, so this is “another” venue).So we found a “nude venue”, less than two hours away from us to the east. Same state, easy drive, etc. It’s rustic, rural New England, not a glitzy resort, and very low-key. We checked it out, went once on a weekday (Monday), and once on a weekend day (Sunday). Now, we wanted to stay over one night (Friday – Saturday). This was back in early July.It’s wooded, with small cabins, a “clubhouse”, nice pond, and some pickleball courts. Yes, we’ve become hooked on pickleball! And let me tell you, Naked PickleBall (NBP) is so hot, you can’t believe it! Male and female bodies exerting physically, glistening on a hot day! Now, when Queen and I play clothed pickleball with clothed friends, all we do is channel being naked!OUR WEEKENDWe were only home one day from our family trip, did laundry, etc., and packed again. The great thing about a nude venue is you don’t have to pack a lot of clothes! We wear one outfit driving in, and strip off as soon as we arrive. Then, we don’t get dressed until we drive away. And our “outfits” match!We left Friday morning, arrived at 8:30, and left Saturday at 11:00. We were naked 99% of this time! Queen had to be back in town for a friend’s daughter’s baby shower. Queen told her friend we were going to the coast for the day. Kind of true.This place is less than 10 miles, as the crow flies, from where our son and his family live. Two more grandkids! They don’t know our Nakedist tendencies. It’s a little nerve-wracking to drive so close with my distinctive vanity license plates. Oh well.NAKED PICKLEBALL (NPB)We’ve found that a main activity here for several of the more social folks is the 10AM Naked PickleBall games. It’s mostly 4 guys, and 3 ladies, some spouses, but not all. Let me celebrate Queen! She was totally naked and looked hot as fuck!Yes, the guys were mostly naked (I certainly was!), and the ladies, too. Maybe a shirt for sun protection. But Queen was the only lady totally naked, freely interacting with the naked guys, joking, and playing great Naked PickleBall! She was so hot!And I was so proud of her, and turned on by her boldness, confidence, and the growing Exhibitionist in her! I was mentally hard as a rock! (You’re not supposed to get an erection at these places. But my mind-cock was like a steel rod!)NAKED FLOATINGAfter two hours of NPB in hot, humid weather, we were ready to cool off. We went back to the lawn and over to take a float in the pond. The Pond-Front, where naked people sit out, is a nice lawn, not a sandy beach. And a pool noodle around your back and one under your knees makes a great aquatic lounger!Often, several “floating nudes” will congregate and chat. It’s really nice and social. At the same time, it’s sexually hot to be with other naked folks, to see and be seen (E/V again). And when Queen floats, her breasts and nipples are just at the water line. She is so beautiful, her breasts are amazing, and it’s a subtle but effective sexual display!NAKED WALKABOUTAs I’ve posted before, I love to take a Naked Walk About (NWA) each morning that the weather cooperates. I walk up my driveway to the street, then back down and around the house. Could I get caught? Yes, but I haven’t so far. Part of the exhibitionist thrill.Anyway, at this Nakedist venue, Queen and I got up early, and walked naked a mile on the main road. We were naked and on display, and ready to interact with other walkers, and residents sipping their naked morning coffee. Delightful!Not everyone is naked all the time. I don’t get it, but some folks sometimes wear clothes here. (Why?) However, it’s still a thrill to be naked and talking to a clothed person. The exhibitionist in me is strong!NAKED JOGI am intentionally creating, building, and nurturing this Nakedist Lifestyle in me (and in us, as Queen does the same). So I have my Nakedist Bucket List (NBL) to challenge me and mark my/our progress. One item on it is to take a naked run.Similar to NPB, being naked and athletic in just sneakers, is SO invigorating! Sweating over my whole body (I like to exercise and sweat) is freeing! Jogging with my cock and balls rhythmically dancing is a sexual reminder to me. And a display to Queen and others.So I jogged three miles (not long), and it was great. I also got to the front gate twice, and ran outside for 20 feet! That was an exhibitionist thrill! Didn’t get caught, but three cars drove by as I was running back in. Did they catch a glimpse? I hope so!Queen took a short video of me running past, back by our cabin. At the risk of sounding prideful, I looked fucking hot, and I believe Queen was turned on.OUR CONCLUSIONI have a theory, #237, that there exists (or should exist) several “levels” of sexuality. They support and build on each other, but it helps to understand them separately.Background Hum– the 24/7 sound of marriage partners aware of and focused on sex with each other. It’s just always there, because we make sure it is! Without a joint Background Hum, we risk developing parallel lives, a “roommate” marriage, and passion withers away.Soundtrack– like in a movie, when something is getting ready to happen, you hear the soundtrack change. Think Jaws and “du-duh, du-duh”. When Queen and I turn toward passion, we make sure the soundtrack changes.Ramp– as we hear the Soundtrack change, and we’re heading toward Animal Fucking, we build a ramp to passion! We talk, touch, send erotic notes, pics, and gifs, to each other. We leave “Stuff” behind, and ramp up to passion.Animal Fucking– this shouldn’t need explaining with this MH crowd. We love to fuck like animals, unrestrained, wild, some “growling”, etc. Now, at our age, this is probably a little tamer than others, but we still do all we can!I appreciate a hot Animal Fucking story as much as the next person here. And you all fill that option quite nicely, thank you very much. But I like the subtleness and build-up of the first three steps almost as much. Queen’s and my sexual life is very focused on being intentional (not complacent) across all four levels.So, sorry for no wild sex in this post. Don’t get me wrong, we did have some great fucking. But nurturing and growing the Hum, Soundtrack, and Ramp (HSR) at this venue is such a rewarding challenge. And a chance to set our marriage bed on fire!Not only is it “offensively effective”—it’s very intentional foreplay—but we think it’s “defensively essential”. If you don’t intentionally defend your marriage bed passion with a powerful HSR, then you risk losing it all!Thanks for reading.FOOTNOTE ON LITERARY EXHIBITIONISMI’ve mentioned this before as well. Being an exhibitionist, I like people to see my naked body and know about my intentional, passion-forward lifestyle regarding Queen. So when I write, I “reveal” myself to you all, with “Easter Egg” clues in the phrases I use.“Ten hours from our daughter”, “two hours from our son”, number of grandkids at each. A “short state coastline”, “distinctive vanity license plates”, a specific travel schedule. Pickle ball, empty nesters, secluded backyard, etc. All point to Queen and I.If someone we know is reading Marriage Heat, and they come across this story,the light bulb could turn on! They might say, “Hey, I think I know who Queen and Hubbie are!” My clues are specific and yet subtle.If you think you know, say “Hello!”