I’ve been away on business for a week.  I should be flying home tonight but now everything is shut down due to a blizzard.  Lonely and missing my wife is no fun. I am unable to talk to her other than a text letting her know of the storm.  In my room, I shower while visions of my beautiful wife make my mind wander and fantasize. Soon I’m shooting a huge load of cum all over the shower wall.  Drying off, I open my computer to write my wife a letter.Dear Abbie,Oh my love, how I miss you.  This week has been torture, and now I’m stuck in this hotel without you.  All I can think about is how beautiful you are, how sexy and desirable your body is.  Just moments ago in the shower, I was consumed by images of you there with me.  I watched as you grabbed my big hard cock and fell to your knees. Then you slowly took all of my cock into your mouth and throat.  I love seeing the desire and hunger in your eyes when you consume all of my cock and moan softly.  You know it pleases me, but I can see and experience the pure love and pleasure it brings you.Sitting here now, my cock is big and hard again, leaking pre-cum. I rub it up and down my shaft getting it nice and slippery like your tight little pussy.  I picture you moaning while you slide my entire cock in and out of your mouth.  You stare up at me with your sexy blue eyes filled with a hunger for more.Looking down your body, I see your fingers working your clit and fingering your hot wet pussy.  I can hear the sound of you sucking my cock and fingering your pussy.  I’m stroking my cock faster as I see you working my cock harder and faster.  You slide off and moan.“I love sucking your big fucking cock, I want your cum. Cum all over me.”Your words excite me more as you beg for my cum and want it all over you. This is something you’ve never wanted before.  My cock pulses in my hand, and I groan as I erupt, shooting cum on my belly, chest, and face. I see you stroking my cock and painting your beautiful face with my cum.I watch as you fade away. But not before you press your cum covered mouth against my lips. I lick my cum off my lips and moan.