Lacy had been on an emotional roller coaster for most of her pregnancy.  But the sickness began to subside around the eighth month, and by the anniversary of our first real date and kiss, she was looking forward to a night out.I walked into the house to see Lacy in a tight red dress that showed off the attractive curves she’d developed.  But when I whistled and said, “Hey, sexy!” she bursts into tears and ran off to our bedroom.I followed and entered.  She was standing in the middle of the room, clutching her breasts.“What’s wrong,” I asked.“Everything! My body hates me!” she sobbed.I placed my hands on hers and tried to ease them away to see what was wrong.“Don’t…” she pled.“It’s okay, beautiful.”She acquiesced, and as I lowered her hands, I could see that the front of her dress was soaked through; droplets were collecting and dripping from the tips of her stiff nipples.  When I reached out and ran my fingers over them, she jumped.“My breasts hurt, baby,” she explained when I looked up questioningly. “I called the obstetrician, and the nurse said that I should start pumping.”  With a sob, she said she’d ordered a pump online, but it wouldn’t arrive until the next evening.  She also told me she’d watched videos on manually expressing some of the milk. “But I was a nervous wreck, so I wasn’t very good at it.”I felt so bad for her. Tilting her face up to me, I wiped away her tears.“It’s okay, baby. I’m here, and I can help.”Hooking a finger under each dress strap, I gently slid them off her shoulders and down her arms until her engorged breasts were exposed.  Then I leaned down and kiss her trembling lips.“I’m sorry; I’m a hot mess,” she said.“Shhhh. You’re still my amazing, beautiful wife.”  I kissed her neck and ear.Her soft moan encouraged me as I ran my hands down her back, pushing her dress over the curve of her hips so that it dropped to the carpet. I gave her ass a squeeze and pulled her tight to me.Lacy felt her breasts start flowing against my shirt and chest and tried to push away, but I just wrapped my arms around her shoulders and pressed my lips tight against hers. As our tongues danced together, I filled my hands with her hard, swollen mounds. Then I pulled back, and we both watched my fingers slide along the taught skin to her turgid, dripping nipples. I firmly pinched her areolas, and she gasped as breast milk shot out in several streams all over me. I repeated the action a couple of times, soaking my shirt and getting hard fast.“Mmmm. Don’t stop; that’s feeling better,” Lacy told me.Once I felt the tension around her nipples lessening, I pulled her with me and lay back on the bed with her on top.  Grabbing her ass, I slid her up my body till her breasts hung over my face, then licked her dripping milk.  Lacy cried out as I clamped my mouth tightly around her breast and nipple. Careful to keep my upper teeth covered, I applied pressure with my tongue and lower jaw while sucking long and slow. when her warm milk squirted into my mouth, I groaned and continued to suckle and swallow.  It was warm and thin and a little bitter, like almond milk.I kept up the firm pressure and suction, and as her breast softened, I was able to bring more of her breast into my mouth. My fingers crept down her ass and found her smooth pussy very hot and wet. It made Lacy moan and wiggle to feel my fingers rub her slit and clit.When the milk flow began to slow, I let go and pulled her other nipple into my mouth.  Lacy cried out; tenderness made the process hurt at first, but only lowering the volume of milk in her breasts would relieve them. Long, hard streams of it made me drink fast.  To distract her from the discomfort, I slid a finger into her pussy. It felt so hot and wet and pulsed around my finger tightly as her juices start to flow out of her. Before too long, Lacy tensed and cried out in pleasure, her orgasm causing her milk ducts to recharge and begin dripping anew. But the pain of engorgement had subsided, and she smiled down at me, weak but thankful.I released my latch on her breast, and Lacy rolled to my side so that she could unfasten my pants. She freed my hard cock and re-straddled me, pulling it to her pussy and rubbing it up and down her slit, moaning. My cock felt her hot pussy for the first time in three months.  As she pushed her hips back, my cock slowly stretched her and entered her. She kept up the pressure until she got my entire length inside her. As she gyrated her hips around and worked my cock in her tight pussy, I couldn’t hold back a groan of pleasure.I reached up and squeezed her tits together, opening my mouth to catch what it could of the spray of milk. Lacy ground her hips faster and harder as I pressed her tits and eagerly drank down her lactation.Lacy mumbled and moved her hips faster and faster.  Then she tensed up, and her body vibrated as her juices gushed around my cock. As her orgasm washed through her body, her head tossed back and forth. More milk ushered forth, wetting my face and chest.When she’d finished, Lucy dipped her fingers into her pussy as she always does and licked away her juices.  She looked at me, knowing that I hadn’t cum yet.  So she reached down and grabbed my cock, and I shuddered as her hands wrapped around my sensitive shaft.  Lacy opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue.I knelt beside her head, and she tongued my head as she stroked my cock.  Our eyes locked.“Cum for me, baby. Cum for me.”That’s all I could take; my cock exploded, shooting thick ropes of cum into her mouth, causing her to gag and pump the rest of my cum all over her lower face and tits. With a breathless laugh, I swiped up what dribbled down her chin and fed it to her.Suddenly Lacy’s eyes went wide, and she quickly grabbed my hand and placed it on her belly. I smiled through pricking tears as I felt the fluttery movements of our child in the womb of my cummy wife.