Many of you have followed my journey of sexual awakening and transformation, and you know many of my views and opinions.  I have before expressed the belief that I am not meant to ever be a mother, for a variety of reasons.  I don’t want to be too specific, for the sake of anonymity, but I will list a few.For one, my health is not great.  I have ongoing issues, some of which are directly related to my reproductive cycle.  That’s a major area that I need to find answers for before I even enter marriage, because…a woman can’t work with her cycle to achieve or avoid pregnancy if she doesn’t even know what’s going on!Second, I have zero pain tolerance.  Sometimes I joke that I’d rather take a bullet than go through things like vomiting or a sore throat, just because it’s so hard to endure.  Then I watched my sister and other women of my acquaintance go through pregnancy and it solidified my decision that I could not handle the pain that the nine months and the birth entail.Third, I am mentally and physiologically wired so that I get extremely nervous about any kind of medical visit or treatment.  I’ve struggled with this from childhood.  Nerves take over and I have experienced crying spells, fainting, and an upset stomach.  It has gotten no easier as I’ve aged, which is not encouraging.  I don’t get why some people just breeze through a doctor or dentist appointment and others, like myself, just cannot overcome the physical nervousness.  And believe me, I try every time, with prayer, Scripture quoting, deep breathing, self-talk, etc.  For anything more major than an eye exam, it doesn’t really work.  That’s why I am trying to not put myself in that position, if I can help it.Fourth (and this is one of the biggest), I believe that parenting is a calling and a profession, which, if you commit to it, you are bound to stick with faithfully, especially if you are a Christian.  The responsibility of raising a child for the first eighteen years of its life is very serious and special.  I do not sense that calling.  Just as I know I’m not called to be an engineer or a nurse or a jungle missionary, I know what strengths God has given me and a general idea of how He wants me to use them for His glory and to spread His Gospel.Now marriage may be part of His plan; I can see myself married to a man who is just as on fire for Christ as I am (hopefully even more so!) and working with him to reach others.  But marriage would be a big enough task for me.  That would be my number-one mission anyhow, since we are to love our spouses first, then love others.  So adding children into the dynamic would just be overwhelming.This might sound like I’m trying to run away from the truth, or I’m afraid of a challenge.  I promise I’m not!  I’ve just come to view these aspects of life in the way that we generally view everything else: with wisdom and common sense.  If you’re not meant to do something, don’t take it on just because it’s expected.My problem is that I’ve found very little commentary on this subject.  One Christian Youtuber and radio show host that I really enjoy actually does take my stance, and he cited some Biblical themes that supported it.  But I’d really like to hear what others have to say.  Is it okay to make that choice to marry but not have kids? Does anyone see a Scriptural reason to not do so?My fifth reason is that I have no mother instinct.  That may sound really weird, and I don’t mean that I don’t like children or I couldn’t care less about them.  Not at all.  I love children and would protect and nurture any child in my care; plus I have a particular burden for foster care, adoption, and defending the unborn.  But when I’m actually around children, I have no rapport with them.  I don’t even know how to converse with them!  It’s kind of funny and doesn’t bother me.  I am way more comfortable around the elderly, and that is definitely an area where I love to minister.So, putting it all together, I am convinced I’m not meant to be a mother.  I’m not like my sisters, who have always longed for motherhood, but it doesn’t grieve me or make me feel as if I’m missing something big from my life.  For me, it’s…normal.  Again, though, I want to dialogue about this.Are there couples who have chosen this same path?  Are there any singles here who are leaning this way? Obviously, I am praying for a man that shares this view, so the wait continues.