This story is in response to CreamyPatty and a few others who have asked me to elaborate and expand on what I have mentioned in some of my comments. It’s been a while coming, but this is a story I promised, and it is my wish that it entertains and excites anyone who reads it, at least to some degree. My language is naughty, explicit, and deliberate, and it excites me to share all this with you here at MarriageHeat. There are some twists to this story, and I hope that I can put it together well enough for you to read through to the end. So here goes, everyone; I hope you enjoy it. I get excited reliving this experience every time I think of it!My husband and I have been married long enough to understand each other’s needs, and we provide each other with all a marriage needs to survive and flourish—and that includes love and attention to each other’s sexual wants and needs. To this day, we surprise one another with sexy encounters that keep us wanting each other. My husband’s libido is a bit higher than mine, but I always give in to him, knowing that it’s to my advantage.  I provide my husband with loving lips, and I have always loved taking his cock in my mouth and sucking him off.  My pussy is his to enjoy, and I give him all he wants and then some. I’m a bit submissive, but I sometimes like to take control if I can get away with it. And this was one of those times.It was warm and sunny as we drove home from church after a nice lunch. Eleven steps lead to our porch and door on the side of the house that overlooks a good part of our backyard. We made it upstairs and changed clothes, and I spent a little while putting my home in order while Michael went outside. When I finished up and made it outside, I noticed that Michael had strung up our big, double-wide hammock between two large oaks. The scene looked almost tropical, so lush and green under all the shade with ferns and flowers and plants of all sorts in pots and baskets adorning our backyard—really peaceful. We also have a privacy fence, and the dogs let us know when someone comes around, so it’s pretty private.There was my husband in his cutoffs on, barefoot and bare-chested. That was all the invitation I needed. I made it down the steps and joined him, making myself comfortable as I snuggled next to him. He welcomed my head on his shoulder and my arm across his hairy chest. My hand roamed across his torso and caressed him gently all over. My face was close to his chest, and I found his nipple and kissed it, then licked it. Next, I sucked it into my mouth and chewed on it, knowing exactly how hard his cock would get if I continued. So continue I did, and my hand easily slid under the waistband of his cutoffs. My fingers reached the tip of his manhood, and I felt him growing as I touched him.I managed to unbutton and unzip his shorts and asked him for help removing them. He wasted no time removing them for me and offered me his very excited cock. There was my husband, naked, and his hard cock was all mine to enjoy. I felt like something was a little bit different about how excited and swollen his cock was, so hard and welcoming to my caresses. I just chalked it up to me being naughty and him being naked outside and vulnerable.I managed to maneuver a bit in the hammock until my lips could take the place of my fingers. Wrapping my lips around his cock as my fingers continued caressing him, I got him wet enough to engulf him in one big gulp and heard him gasp as I tried to swallow his cock. Then I pulled back a bit and sucked him slow and deep, creating a little rhythm as I teased him along. He seemed to tolerate my teasing and let me know how nice it was to feel all of his cock in my mouth. I told him how good his hard cock felt in my mouth and how much I love sucking on him.His hard cock really did feel so good. I sucked him a bit deeper with each movement of my head till I felt his cock touch the entrance to my throat. Having him naked and excited thrilled me. I’ve always loved being selfish and having my way with him, giving him the pleasure of my loving lips for him alone to enjoy. I enjoyed sucking on him, playing with his cock, and teasing him with my tongue. Again, his cock was incredibly hard! I thought for a minute how nice it would feel to have it inside my cunt, knowing how excited and wet my pussy was. But this was all for his pleasure, so I pushed that thought aside for the time being; I could make up for it soon. Instead, I took my time teasing him and enjoyed all he offered me. Pleasuring him gave me such a kick!He touched my face, and I looked up at him and told him that I wished I could make this last longer. He was so excited, and I didn’t think his cock could get any bigger. I went back to pleasuring him and sucked him deep till the swollen head of his cock touched the entrance to my throat and I heard the moans and groans I craved. He got my attention when he swept my hair away from my face. I looked up at him with eyes that told him how much I loved what I was doing to him.I told him I wanted him to cum in my mouth, and he smiled and told me to suck him off. He held my head in his hands and guided me while I sucked him slow and deep. The head of his cock swelled in my mouth, and I began to feel the pulsing of his cum into my waiting mouth. His rigid cock felt so good as he fed me his warm, yummy cum. Oh, how I love sucking the cum from his cock! It’s just so intimate a thing to do for him. I like to suck on him slow and easy until the spasms stop, then swallow all he’s given me.Afterward, I leaned up and kissed him with cum soaked lips, then rested in his arms. It was one of those intimate encounters that make such a wonderful memory. I can’t tell you how exciting it is to relive this experience, and I’m so glad and proud that I can share it here with you all. You might think that this is the end of my story, but there is a bit more to it. So, here I go again if you care to read on.As I was getting ready for bed that evening, Michael sat up in bed waiting for me, already naked. When I lay down and snuggled up to him, my hand found his cock, which began to stiffen. I always feel a little triumphant that I can still get that kind of response from him. I kissed and nibbled on his ear, then asked if I could suck him again.He answered with a smile, so I knelt between his legs, took his cock into my mouth, and enjoyed feeling his cock get hard. Soon, it tickled the entrance to my throat as I sucked on him. I teased him a bit and then got into a bit of a rhythm. I liked feeling him deep in my mouth as my lips bottomed out at the base of his cock. Then I pulled back and circled the head of his cock with my tongue. I do love teasing him, and I know he loves it too.While I was enjoying his cock and making him squirm, he told me to suck him with my pussy. He was lying on his back and looked comfortable, so I propped him up with an extra pillow and positioned my wet pussy over his cock. Then I wet my fingers with the honey from my cunt and gave them to him to suck on and taste. His cock was wet with my saliva, so my cunt swallowed it easily. I rode him cowgirl and rocked back and forth, enjoying the feeling of his hardness inside me. It had been a while since his cock was in me, and I took advantage of it.He held my hips as I rode him and sucked him with my pussy. My cunt was grinding against his crotch, and I felt myself getting close as I rode his cock. I was so wet and excited, and I wanted to make this last as long as I could. My cunt swallowed all of his cock, and it filled me up so well. He held my breasts and tweaked my nipples, and they loved the attention.I soon turned around on his cock to point my ass towards his face and ride him reverse cowgirl. He could see my cunt swallowing his cock; I love fucking him like that. He held on to my ass and spread my cheeks wide to watch my hairless cunt suck him up inside me. I felt his cock swell and his cum pulse inside me, warm and creamy. I loved it! I had sucked him off with my pussy! I enjoyed the pleasure of sucking him off earlier, and now I had the pleasure of him cumming inside my pussy.As I mentioned before, I’m a bit submissive, but now that switch had turned off. I removed myself from his cock, turned around, and straddled his face. Without asking, I placed my dripping pussy on his lips and fucked his mouth. I watched him lick the cum from my pussy and the inside of my thighs, squirming while I fucked his mouth and told him to suck me off. I rode him well and felt his tongue inside my cunt. He licked and sucked me and held my ass in his hands while he pulled my cunt to his lips and gave me my first orgasm. And then I came again. I kept riding him, and he kept sucking me till I had one more orgasm.At that, I was done and collapsed on the bed beside him. I watched him lick his lips and wipe his face. He spread my legs and knelt down to caress my inner thighs and my pussy with kisses till I calmed down. Then he gently licked and sucked the honey from my pussy before kissing me goodnight. I tasted his cum mixed with mine—and that’s the last thing I remember. We both slept well that night. I love being sucked to sleep.The next morning, we took it easy. The sun was up, the coffee was good, and we were both sexually satiated. Michael mentioned to me that our neighbor, Debra, came to visit yesterday. I asked why he was just now telling me and wondered aloud how we missed her when we were home all day and didn’t go anywhere.Michael said that she came to visit and left, and I asked if she said anything to him. He said she came up the steps, petted the dogs, then saw us in the hammock and left.I was flabbergasted at what I just heard, so I started asking more questions. Finally, the truth came out: Debra parked out front and came up the steps, opened the gate. She stopped to pet the dogs and saw us lying in the hammock, which is maybe 25 feet away from the porch that overlooked us.Michael said Debra waved and was about to say hello to us when he put his index finger to his lips as if to say shush. He said that I was sucking on his nipples and had my hand in his shorts when she showed up and that she was mesmerized by what she saw. His finger against his lips was an invitation for her to watch, and she pretty much observed from the beginning to the end. She watched as he removed his shorts and saw how hard his cock was. She watched me tease and pleasure him. She stayed and watched me suck my husband off! After I swallowed his cum and kissed him, she walked down the steps and left.That’s why my husband was so excited! He said it turned him on to have her watch us. Debra is my best friend in the world, and Michael and I both love her and her husband. They are some of the first people we met when we moved into the neighborhood all those years ago. Debra and I have happy hour on Fridays, so I got to see her just a few days later. We like to get together, talk, and have a good time with each other.When Debra came over that Friday afternoon, she didn’t mention anything about seeing us in the hammock. I worked my way up to telling her that I was sorry I missed her when she came by on Sunday. She seemed a little flustered, and then I told her that my husband told me that she got to watch us in the hammock.Debra was so embarrassed and quickly apologized, but I said it was all okay and asked her how she liked watching us. She said it was the most erotic thing she had ever witnessed. She told me she left our house horny and excited and went home and found her husband in the backyard by the pool. She stripped for him and told him she wanted his cock in her mouth. Then she got him naked, laid him down in a lounge chair, and sucked him off by the pool. He took a video and a bunch of pictures with his phone of her sucking him off and sent them to her phone; she gladly showed them to me. She was proud that she could take all of his cock into her mouth.Like me, Debra is also somewhat submissive and gives herself to her husband. He has his way with her whenever he wants and she seems okay with it, but she had her way with him this time. The video she bragged about most was him fucking her mouth with his cum oozing from her lips and dripping onto her breasts before she swallowed the rest of it. I thought it was brave of her to show me the video and pics of her with her husband’s cock and cum in her mouth.Debra and I do seem to be a little closer as friends now. I’m proud of what I do for my husband, and it excites me to know that she was witness to what I do for him. I relish pleasuring him, and he delights in what I do to him and for him. I love being his wife, and I love that he’s my husband. His cock and his cum are mine to enjoy; I give myself to him and am his!