This post contains strong language (L) and describes anal intercourse (A).WOW!  That’s all I can say after this weekend. I can’t believe sex gets better after 36 years of wonderful marriage. After working incredibly on our fitness over the past five months, the changes in our bodies have led to more confidence and a decrease in herinhibitions. We had a wonderful three-day weekend.We still make love a couple of times a week, and I always make sure she cums at least once during our lovemaking. Then there are our play dates. We try to have one special night to play and enjoy each other in multiple ways including lovemaking, oral sex, and toys. Since my wife has become multi-orgasmic, these are the times that we let our inhibitions down and get a little wild and kinky.There is a song called “The Wolf Comes Out Tonight” that best describes those play times.  The lyrics are:“I wanna jack it, smack itYou know the shit that turns you on?I wanna lick it, kiss itI’ll give you everything you want”This weekend was beyond anything we ever experienced before. It started Thursday after the wife said she was going out to meet some new neighbor friends. She said we would eat when she got home and she’d only be gone for an hour.  When the first hour passed and I hadn’t heard much from her, I started worrying. Then the second hour went by; I was getting more worried—and rather hungry. My mind started thinking of all the horrible things that could have happened.My wife got home two and a half later, and I was upset. She understood why and started to tear up, but I held her and kissed her, telling her it was okay.Then I asked, “Do you want to fuck.”With tears in her eyes, she said, “Yes!”  We went to the bedroom and passionately made up, which sparked a long weekend of continued lovemaking and foreplay throughout the day, or as we call it “TS-ing” (thinking sexy).We set Saturday aside as a day of play.  The goal was to spend the whole day together, enjoying our bodies throughout by having little quickies that brought her to an orgasm or two while I edged.  We’d finish with an evening play date. And neither of us was disappointed.Sunday was rather quiet. We watched Church services online while lounging in our PJs on our deck. Then we enjoyed the beautiful weather and each other’s company. After a light run, we came home to spend more quiet time. That night, we made love and fell asleep in each other’s arms.Monday was Memorial Day and another day of gorgeous weather with a high temperature of around 80°. We went to the gym, had kiddos come over, played with grandkids, and had a wonderful cookout for lunch. Then we just enjoyed God’s beautiful earth and our relationship. Later, after a couple of drinks as we lounged in the pool, we started getting horny. We talked about our play date two nights before and agreed this might be another play night. I suggested we could play early, then come back outside and enjoy the rest of the evening, and my wife agreed!I went inside to get some toys out and warm them up, then took a hot shower and shaved.  I didn’t want to cause any chafed lips, top, or bottom. When I came back outside to the pool, my wife looked at me with a sly smile and a little wiggle of her bikinied bottom and it was on.We rushed inside and got naked.  If you’ve read any of our previous stories, you know we indulge in a little kink and some toys but no anal sex!  She has always said never! But over the past year, she has liked the occasional light touching of her butt, and in the past few months, that has become allowing my thumb or finger to enter her. Her attitude toward anal sex has changed, and she has always wanted to give herself completely to me. We tried a few times, and she was accepting but still not crazy about it.This afternoon ended in a much different way.  It started with me going down on her and bringing her to her first orgasm. Then I used my fingers to rub her G-spot as I continued my assault on her clit until she had such an intense cum it left her shaking! After she caught her breath, I entered her with one full thrust and stayed still with the head of my cock pushed against her cervix. She immediately started to orgasm again without any thrusting, just me deep inside her.  She bit down hard on my chest, dug her nails into my back, and let out a muffled scream against my chest, her body quaking in aftershocks. Wow! We rested a bit and got a sip.Next, I pulled outthe stainless steel G-spot wand.As my wife slipped it in, I put some lube on my finger and started to rub her rosebud and she came again. Before she came down from that orgasm, and with the metal toy still nestled deep inside her, I started to lick her clit and push my thumb deep in her ass. It only took a couple of minutes before she was thrashing around for another whole-body cum.My wife had to get up for a quick pit stop, and I ran to the kitchen to get a drink. When she came back, I was lying on the bed, stroking my erect cock. She came to bed and took over from me. She took my whole cock deep in her mouth. Wow, she can give an incredible blow job.  I asked if we were finished.When she shook her head no, I said, “Better stop, then,” and she pulled her mouth off my cock with a loud pop.We got out the vibrating dildo, and I slipped it into her and pushed my thumb back in her ass. She was in heaven, soon thrashing and wailing through another orgasm.  Once she came down from that, I rolled her over onto all fours and started to pound her hard from behind, once again pushing my thumb against her ass.  I worked it in, loosening her bottom up, and she came a couple of more times.When my wife asked me where I wanted to cum, I said in her ass!!!“Then do it!”I slid out and pushed the head of my cock into her relaxed asshole. As we waited for her to get used to the intrusion, I started to get a little soft, so I pulled out, re-lubed, and pushed back in. This time, I was able to do some light thrusting before we stopped again to re-lube. As the saying goes, the third time was the charm; I was able to push all the way in, and she yelled, “Fuck my ass.”Never one to deny her requests, I did what exactly that. I worked up to pounding her ass as hard as I could. But I started to get tired and was still not able to cum. With everything I had, I pushed my cock deep as I could and held it in her as I pulled her hips tightly against me.I felt her contract, and she started to scream—not from pain but pure ecstasy.  This was our fourth attempt at anal sex, and she came so hard that we fell forward with me embedded in her ass. I rode her orgasm out and then slowly withdrew.For some odd reason, I could not cum. I think it was the combination of sex over the past few days and some apprehension of hurting her. I rolled over, desperately wanting to cum, so I started to masturbate. I also took the metal G-spot toy and inserted it into myself. My wife found a rabbit vibe and started working her pussy over. She came again; still nothing for me.We took a break so I could wash up. She told me her ass was done, so when I came back to bed, I put the toy in me again as she started to suck my cock. I had two prostate orgasms which she swallowed down. She says they taste so very sweet. I was still hard, so I got on her missionary and started pounding away with the metal toy still inside me. With every thrust, the round head of theNjoy Pure Wandwould bump against my prostate. Within minutes, we came together one last time in a heap of panting bliss.We lay next to each other, catching our breath and replaying the evening’s and the weekend’s activities. We talked about how amazing our sex life has become.Once recovered, we put our swimsuits on and went back to pool. The cool water felt so good on the bites on my chest and the scratches on my back.  She said how good it felt on her sore little butt. I’m still in complete wonder at how good God has been: to bless us with children and grandchildren; to be married this long; and as grow old, to still have incredible new experiences like this.I’m pretty sure anal will happen again, “butt” for now, we advise, “Never say never!”