Lucy and I were trying to decide how to celebrate the 25th anniversary of our first kiss. In the years before we married, we would often celebrate that day by finding a fun new restaurant and spending a romantic evening together. After we married and had kids, those “first kiss” anniversaries fell by the wayside. But seeing that this upcoming one was something of a milestone, we decided it would be worth a little more effort.Lucy had been enjoying many of the tales posted on MarriageHeat—especially a few that recounted some steamy hotel trysts. I was sitting next to her on the couch, and she put her feet in my lap.”Maybe we could get a hotel for a night in the city,” she said. “My mom could watch the boys.”I looked up from my book. “That would be amazing. We haven’t had a chance to unwind in a while.”Lucy rubbed her toes along my crotch. “I really do need some unwinding,” she purred.“Reading those stories again?” I asked.She placed a hand on her chest. “Mmm-hmm. And they’ve given me an idea…”* * *On Saturday night, I took the subway into the city and walked a few blocks to a four-star hotel in the downtown area. It had been a long day, and I needed a drink. I loosened my tie as I entered the lobby, then made my way on the express elevator to the elegant lounge on the top floor.Walking past the hostess and into the space, everything felt peaceful. Floor-to-ceiling windows showcased the city lights and a jazz quartet played Miles Davis covers softly. Various couples murmured at the booths and low tables spaced around the room.I headed to the bar, in need of a quality Manhattan. There were three other people at the bar: two businessmen like me, and a beautiful single lady seated by herself, reading a novel.I took a stool between her and the guys, with room between each. The bartender was an attractive young woman. She tucked a lock of her hair behind her ear as she came to take my order. Out of the corner of my eye, I thought I could see the novel-reading woman smirk.“Good evening,” I said to the bartender. “I am very much in the mood for a rye Manhattan.”The bartender nodded. As she turned away the woman next to me said, “that’s redundant. A Manhattan should always be made with rye. It goes without saying.”I turned to face her. “Agreed. But not everyone knows that.”She smiled slyly and turned back to her book. I was able to catch the title:O Pioneers!by Willa Cather.“Enjoying the novel?” I asked.She folded a cocktail napkin and inserted it between the pages, then closed the book and turned on her barstool to face me. She was wearing a white blouse and a black pencil skirt. The top two buttons of her blouse were undone, showing a hint of bra and décolletage. She had her curly auburn hair tied loosely in a bun, and some of it fell around her shoulders.Her brown eyes sparkled as she said, “Are you a fan of Cather?”“I’m a fan of great literature,” I said.“Oh, a well-read gentleman. That’s definitely a plus.”“As is a lady who knows her way around a Manhattan,” I said.She smiled and traced the rim of her empty cocktail glass with her finger. My mind flashed to an image of her doing the same thing to my cock. I blinked to bring myself back to the moment.“What are you drinking?” I asked.“Vodka tonic,” she said. “Extra lemon.”I called the bartender over and ordered a second.“So what brings you to a hotel bar to read about Nebraska farmers?”Her hands went to her silver earrings, then graced her neck. “I’m here for a conference,” she said. “And I happen to be in the middle of rereading this book, so I decided to bring it along.” She looked at me. “But if something else comes up I can definitely save it for later.”“Have you seen much of the city?” I shifted in my stool so my foot was touching hers. She shook her head.“Haven’t found the right guide, I guess,” she said, and winked. She ran her foot up my calf.“If you have the time I would be more than happy to show you around,” I said.I paid the bill and she gathered her things. I asked her her name.“I’m Lucy,” she said.* * *As we waited for the elevator, Lucy put a hand on my chest. “As much as I appreciate the offer for a city tour,” she said, “I’m really more in the mood for a relaxing night in my room.”“Oh,” I said. “Should I take that as an invitation?”Lucy laughed. “You don’t have much experience with this sort of thing, do you?”“Well, I sure hope not,” I said.Lucy grabbed my tie and pulled my face to hers, kissing me deeply.“I want you to come back to my room and fuck me raw,” she said. “Is that clear enough?”The elevator arrived, but another couple was riding with us so we kept our hands to ourselves. Once we got to her floor she walked ahead of me and I gave her ass an occasional squeeze as it swiveled under the pencil skirt.We got to her hotel room and entered. Lucy shut the door behind her and turned to me. “Happy first kiss,” she whispered.She took my hand and walked with me to the bed. Standing at the foot of it, she turned away from me. Looking back over her shoulder, she gestured to the zipper at the back of the skirt. In her high heels, black stockings, and thin skirt her legs and ass looked incredible.“Can you unzip this for me?”I took hold of the zipper and drew it slowly down across her ass. She wriggled her hips and the skirt shrugged off, falling in a loose pile at her feet. Carefully she stepped out of it.Now she was standing in high heels and black pantyhose, with her blouse still on and her hair done up.“Keep the shoes on,” I said. “Lean forward and rest your arms on the bed.”Lucy spread her legs slightly and bent forward at the waist until her arms were crossed on the bed in front of her.I stood behind her and brought my hand up across the slightly rough material of the stockings, then cupped my hand underneath her pussy from behind. Lucy moaned. I gently pushed with my fingers, feeling the nylon and the fabric from her panties as I caressed her mound.Her hands went to the buttons of her blouse. She slowly moved one hand in between the buttons and began to cup her breast through her bra.As I continued to massage her pussy through the fabric, I raised my other hand to Lucy’s lips. She sucked my fingers hungrily.“Let me watch you,” I whispered.She looked over her shoulder with a smoldering glare, then pushed me away. I stood back as she walked over to the chaise lounge by the large picture window. She bent down to unbuckle the strap on one shoe, then the other. Kicking off both shoes, Lucy hopped up on top of the chaise. Facing away from the picture window, she bent over and, in one slow and smooth gesture, pulled her stockings and panties down.The lights in our room were on, so I knew there was a strong chance that she could be seen from outside. She didn’t care. In fact, I think the idea may have turned her on even more. She smiled at me as she wiggled her ass toward the window. Slowly she turned around to give me a view of her smooth creamy ass, bending forward to show me her pink pussy nestled in a soft patch of auburn hair.“Do you like it?” she purred.I didn’t answer. I simply unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out from my boxers.Lucy turned back to face me and her eyes grew wide. “I guess that means ‘yes’,” she laughed.I winked, slowly stroking my member as I admired Lucy’s lower half. She sat down on the chaise, biting her lower lip as she spread her legs wide. One hand danced at her pussy lips and fingered her clit while the other slowly unbuttoned her blouse. She licked her lips and looked deeply into my eyes.“My pussy is so sensitive,” she said. The last button on her blouse unfastened, and it fell open, showing her half-cup brassiere. Lucy reached up and tweaked her nipple. “My breasts, too. Ever since I got to the hotel bar, my nipples have been so erect.”“I noticed,” I said.“So did the two other guys.” She winked, then unhooked the front clasp so her breasts dropped free. Cupping one in her hand, she pushed it up so that she could suck on the nipple. Her thighs quivered. “Oh, yes,” she moaned.I untied my tie, pulled the dress shirt over my head, and stepped out of my slacks. Then I walked over to Lucy, who dropped to her knees in front of me and took hold of my cock, guiding it into her mouth. I slowly moved my hips in rhythm to her sucking, letting Lucy set the tempo. She opened wide, taking all of me, then pulling off and licking my shaft, sucking on my balls and all the while fingering herself with her free hand.Soon I was ready to come, so I gently nudged her head away. Then I kneeled in front of her and pushed her legs apart, kissing the inside of her thighs while she continued to finger herself. Taking her hand in mine, I moved it away from her wet folds and started to kiss and tongue her pussy.Lucy arched her back. “Don’t stop,” she moaned. “Please.”I kissed her mound and licked her pussy lips, then tickled her clit with the tip of my tongue. Lucy grabbed at the cushions of the chaise lounge while I pushed her knees up. She then held on to her thighs, bringing them up toward her chest so I had full access to her glorious pussy. I continued to lick and suck it, adding my fingers into the mix—tracing the folds and softly slipping first one, then two, then three fingers deep inside her. Soon I could feel her start to shake and spasm. Her pussy tightened around my fingers and she rose up on her hips, tightening her ass.“Oh…” she moaned, then her eyes grew wide. “Ahhhhh!”With a shaking lunge, Lucy convulsed as her pussy released a charge of sweet-smelling liquid, coating my hand and showering the carpet.Lucy laughed, panting. “That has never happened before!”“A first time for everything,” I said. I sat back on the carpet and, with my now-soaked hand, began stroking myself.Lucy crawled off the bed and nuzzled up to me. She reached out and began to work her fingers up and down my shaft with a gentle touch, kissing my neck and watching with wide, innocent eyes while my cock grew harder and harder. Soon she took control, and I stopped rubbing myself—I lay back, propped up with my arms behind me as Lucy’s strokes grew more intense. Her breath was ragged.“Cum for me,” she growled. “I want to see your nice cock cum. I want to rub it on my tits. I want to know that I can make you cum…”I looked into her eyes and let loose with a flood, pushing my hips up while Lucy continued to pump my cock and leaned over to lick the cum that had fallen across my thighs and stomach. Her breasts grazed my knees. I closed my eyes and said a silent prayer of thanksgiving for my wonderful, sexy, and adventurous wife.