My wife and I moved to the UK so that she could finish her doctorate at Oxford. She is one smart cookie, and also very athletic, having played field hockey through college.She recently started playing again, wanting to keep fit and meet new people in a city where we didn’t know too many.  I myself started playing football for very similar reasons.One weekend I wasn’t playing so I could go and watch her play. It’s always fun supporting her and secretly I love the way she looks in her uniform. She wears a red uniform with a sexy mini skirt. My wife is fit, she has a flat tummy, great ass, and lovely tits. Just the right size. She makes me hot.The game was fun. It was a warm afternoon and I enjoyed sitting in the sun watching my wife sprint around the field. I couldn’t help but get horny as I watched. Her sexy body and that miniskirt got me excited. I wanted to see what was under her skirt.After the game, we jumped in the car and headed home. She was sweaty and I couldn’t help eyeing her legs and waist. She must have noticed.“Feeling risky are we?” she asked.“I am,” I responded. “Watching you run around in that skirt drove me crazy.”She said nothing but lifted her backside and slid out of her tight shorts that she wears under her skirt. Then she lifted her skirt so I could see her panties and pussy. My cock was getting hard. I needed her.Thankfully we arrived home. We went inside. I walked purposely to her and kissed her on the mouth. Our tongues intertwined and I ran my hands over her body. My hands slipped down her body over her breasts, down to her hips and then under her skirt. I found her pussy and it was getting wet. She moaned as I stroked her pussy.She reached down and started rubbing my cock through my jeans. I couldn’t wait any longer. I unbuckled my jeans and dropped my pants to the floor. She grabbed my cock and started stroking it. I groaned with pleasure.Turning her around, I bent her over the couch, reached under her skirt and slid her panties off. I stroked my cock against her pussy and she moaned again. Unable to wait, I slid my hard cock into her. I grabbed her waist and started pumping.She reached under and started stroking her pussy whilst my cock was pumping inside her.We both couldn’t wait. We both came. I pumped stream after stream of cum inside her. She squealed and and groaned.I pulled my cock out. I spun her around and we kissed again. Then she trotted off to the shower.What a wonderful afternoon. I gave up football for the season so that we had more of these weekends.