This post contains strong language (L).A few of you out there in MH Land nudged me a bit to share my recent horny inspiration after soaking in the recent story by TamiJames82 entitled“Stress Relief,”about two lovers getting it on in their home office. So, I decided to share my own story that came about as a result.A couple of you suggested how I might create a super hot lovers experience by organizing a sexy FaceTime call with Jim. As most of you might know from my posts, I am not shy about my sexuality and flaunting it with the right audience. So organizing a sexy show for my main (cock) squeeze, Jim, is always interesting and rewarding. It never fails to get my creamy juices flowing and his dreamy cock hard and thick!Now, I realize using modern technology like FaceTime for intimate, sexy flirting with your spouse is nothing new, so I struggled to make my 7 pm FT call to Jim’s office exceptional. One MH reader asked me to warn Jim in advance to be ready for an “over the top” X-rated experience. I called him at lunch and told him to have his cock in hand and be in a position for me to observe it shooting a big load all over his hairy chest. I have never heard him so excited. “I’m in 100%,” he cried, almost breathless.Several ideas crossed my mind, but I landed on this one:ME: ”Hey, sexy, looks like you have a stressful day going. Does stroking your big cock help you deal with that?”JIM: ”God, yes, it does. But bending you over this desk and fucking your brains out would be much better. How is my sweet pussy doing? I love that you’re wearing my favorite G-string. Can you spread a little more for the camera?”ME: ”Depends. Can you drop your pants fully so I get a better view? And don’t shake off that pre-cum I see on your slit. That’s it. Mmmmm, nice—you’re making me hungry now.”JIM: ”Oh, I can really see that wet pussy in your light. Move that string out of the way and work that wet cunt for me. You’re killing me.”ME: “Ummm, that big, hard cock looks sooo tasty. I can just see it ready to blow. I wish I could burst into your office right now and swallow it whole before sitting on it cowgirl-style and milking every drop of cum out of that hot cock. You make me so fucking horny!”Slowly, I pulled my spaghetti straps down from my shoulders, then slid my halter top down to my waist. My rack was fully exposed, and I began slowly but aggressively twisting both nipples.ME: “You like?”JIM: “Oh, God yes. Now I want to see you stretching your nips while you are finger fucking—and you better do it fast! I won’t be lasting long here.”ME: “Me, either. I’m just watching that cockhead turn purple. Close?”JIM: “Bite your nipples until they hurt and stretch them the way I do, you slut. Don’t you want your man to take this meat and punish you with it?”ME: “Oh God, I need my favorite tool deep in me. And I’m afraid I did some naughty things today, sweetie.”JIM: “You know you’ll be punished for that tonight, so be ready to give me your ass for a spanking. Now do what I say, right now! Leave those gorgeous tits alone and spread your soaking wet pussy lips wide! Now flick and squeeze your clit. I love to watch you do that when you masturbate. Oh, yeah, babe, that’s right!”All of a sudden, I heard a knock on his office door, followed by, “Why is your door locked?” At the same time, Jim fired off one of the biggest loads I have ever seen!JIM: ”Waiting on an important call, Jen. Please get back with me later.”He sounded almost breathless.JIM: ”I wish you were here to spread this load all over those beautiful tits so we could taste it together. Oh God, looks like you…”ME: “Fffffuuuucccckkk! I can’t—stop! Ughn! Oh, shit!”JIM: “Holy shit, I don’t know if I have EVER seen you squirt your juice before. That’s so hot! Now do me a favor and put on some panties so you can keep that cum preserved. I want to lap it up when I get home. I regret, but I gotta go.”ME: “Okay, my stud. Like my surprise?”JIM: “Can’t you tell by my cumshot? It will take me ten minutes to clean it off my chest, neck and desk.”ME” “If you leave it on your neck, do you think Jen will notice?”JIM: “Who cares?