I have not done any writing for quite some time now. My previous submissions revealed that oral sex and facials are a big part of my sex life with my wife. It was not always that way, however. In fact, we were married for more than a dozen years before the first facial happened. It was what Bob Ross would call a “happy accident.”My wife has been giving me blow jobs since before we were married. I had to warn her before cumming so she could pull away; she did not want my cum in her mouth or on her face. Cumming on her boobs was the best I could hope for. Of course, that’s great, but I always wanted to experience more.We had watched porn together on occasion early in our marriage. She would always comment about how “gross” it was when the woman would swallow a load or take a facial. I went years thinking I would never experience either of those endings to a great blow job.Everything changed about six years ago. We were in our default blow job position: She was topless, lying on the bed with her head propped up on a pillow. I was naked, straddling her chest with my rock-hard cock waiting to be sucked. She took me into her mouth, licking and sucking, doing what she had spent so many years perfecting. I was in heaven! My beautiful wife with a great set of tits had my cock in her mouth.She kept her head bobbing while I fondled her boobs. I always marveled at the physical gifts God gave her and blessed me with the opportunity to enjoy. After a few minutes, she took a break to rest her jaw. She jerked me off with her hand while I continued to enjoy her tits.Once she was ready, she grabbed my ass and pulled me back into her mouth. I grabbed the back of her head and thrust into her, fucking her face as if it was her pussy. As I was about to cum, she pulled away again. I thought she sensed I was about to finish, so I didn’t say anything. It turns out she was just taking a deep breath before going back to work. So instead of aiming my cock at her tits as usual, she tried to go back to sucking my cock.That’s when I erupted, splattering her face and open mouth with streams of cum. She was able to close her mouth quickly to keep most of the cum out. But due to our positions, she couldn’t move her face away and dodge the cum. The pleasure of my orgasm was quickly replaced by fear that she would be upset. I immediately apologized and explained that I thought she knew I was about to cum.But to my surprise, she said it was okay. She didn’t find it gross, nor feel disgusted or turned off with my cum on her face. I was so relieved! Seeing her face dripping with my cum was one of the sexiest sights I have ever had the pleasure to behold. I made sure I told her that! She smiled, we shared a laugh, and I jumped off to grab a towel to clean up with. I gave her a nice big kiss and thanked her for the excellent blow job before lying down to sleep.The next evening, she gave me another BJ. When I said I was about to cum, she pulled my cock out of her mouth and jerked me off all over her pretty face again. The facial has been our go-to ending for oral sex ever since. When I’m in the mood, I will even pull out of her pussy and finish on her face as well.She really has come a long way from the young woman who thought cum on a face or in a mouth was gross. She even allows me to finish in her mouth on rare occasions, although she still will not swallow. Maybe someday I will have a story to tell about the first time she does that. For now, I thank God for blessing me with such a beautiful, sexy, and understanding wife, who is willing to try new things—even things she once thought were “gross.”