When my view of sex morphed from disgusted and fearful to excited and welcoming, I still had lots of questions.  One of them I posted on this site a while back.  I asked how women ever got any pleasure or orgasms from PIV sex, because I’d read stats that said that few women ever climax from vaginal penetration, and I myself was getting nothing from penetrative masturbation.However, if y’all are keeping up with my posts, you’ve read my descriptions of how my body seems to be “waking up”.  To my amazement, I am actually enjoying penetrating myself with my vibrator (which, as you know, I use like a dildo).  And every time I have a self-care session, the sensations get better and stronger.  Let me tell you about my most recent discoveries.I began employing both my hands.  I use the left to gently thrust and twist the vibe around in my pussy, and with my right, I rub all over my clit and outer lips.  That doubled stimulation has been incredible!  My hips literally writhe as I dig deep into my core.But what astonishes me is the level of sensation I am feeling in my vagina.  As I manipulate the vibe, I can feel it rub along my walls and squeeze through tighter places.  I never thought I’d experience this.  I feel like I’m closer than ever to the pleasure that a woman can get when a man is inside her.  This new bliss floods me with gratefulness to God.Formerly, I was worried that sex was not going to feel that remarkable and I’d just have to bear it.  I confess that sometimes I’d get a little angry with God; it seemed to me that a person who obeys Him by abstaining from any sexual practice outside marriage should be rewarded with great sex once they do get married, and I’d hear so many stories where that wasn’t the case.Obviously, I needed to check my heart and make that right with the Lord.  He helped me to put my trust in Him concerning this issue.And then all of this followed.  I’m orgasming almost every time I penetrate my pussy, combined with rubbing the whole clitoral hood.  The inner sensations are unbelievable.  I enjoy it so much.  I feel so much more ready for the time when I can welcome my future husband inside my body.Maybe there’s a purely scientific reason for the changes I’ve experienced as I’ve pursued this sexual exploration, perhaps because I’ve gained so much knowledge and experience as I try things and do research, but I think it’s God’s miraculous grace and goodness.  I praise Him for this.  I praise Him that, as far as I can tell, I will be able to revel in the gift of penetrative sex someday, and I won’t need to be hampered by pain or just dullness and lack of feeling.  The Lord is good!