Here’s a neat trick for you. Using my razor-sharp mind and Sherlock Holmes-like powers of deductive reasoning, I will infer a few facts about you—yes, gentle reader, aboutyouspecifically. Prepare to be amazed!First, you have either a vagina or a penis. (I know, I know. My detective powers are spectacular!)Second, you probably follow Christ. (Truly spectacular, I know.)Finally, you have almost certainly struggled at some point in your life to define boundaries for your sexuality.Maybe you’ve expanded your boundaries, leaving behind guilt, legalism, or unhealthy inhibition, and embraced your freedom to be sexual. Or perhaps you’ve narrowed your boundaries, letting go of addiction, sin, or self-destructive habits, and embraced God’s purpose for your sexuality.Either way, I expect most of us have struggled to figure out how to live with our sexuality in ways that are healthyandholy. I can’t speak for that experience within the context of marriage, but it’s a chronic struggle for me as a single person.For many years, I suppressed my sexuality. I didn’t fantasize or masturbate. I considered anything remotely sexual to be pornographic; I felt guilty even reading Wikipedia articles on human sexuality. It was a mistake. I often thank God for leading me gently and patiently to a healthier perspective!However, since accepting my sexuality as a God-given part of myself, I have sometimes erred in the opposite direction.For a time, instead of suppressing it, I explored it with reckless abandon. Like the Teacher in Ecclesiastes, I embraced folly, “my mind still guiding me with wisdom.” I blundered through gray areas of all kinds, from erotic comics to hardcore pornography—all in search of boundaries.Some of those explorations led me to wonderful things, such as toys to spice up my masturbation, and even here to Marriage Heat! My guilt and anxiety over human sexuality gradually gave way to wonder and appreciation for its beauty.Other explorations led me to darker things. I don’t like to think about how many hours I’ve lost to hardcore pornography and fetishistic erotica, how many icky ideas and images I’ve smooshed into my brain, or how often I’ve failed to live up to God’s plan for my sexuality.In exploring my sexuality as a single believer, I have found good things. I have found bad things. I have delighted in the beauty of the human body and despaired in the brokenness of the human soul.Here at the end of it all, I want to enjoy my sexuality asfullyas I may—butonlyas I may. I don’t want to put the “sin” in “single.” Sexuality is an amazing gift, and I don’t want to abuse it. I’m so grateful to God for it. I want to prove my gratitude by living within the boundaries he set for it.Marriage Heat represents an entire spectrum of belief when it comes to what is sexually permissible for followers of Christ, whether married or unmarried.So here’s my question: What do you believe, and why?Where do you stand on expressions of sexuality for singles, and on forms of erotica? Whether you are married or single, where are the boundaries for your own sexuality? Please feel free to share your thoughts in the comments!I have a final thought. Since I’m feeling fancy, I’ll be all pretentious and Latin about it.“In necessariis unitas, in dubiis libertas, in omnibus caritas.”This translates roughly to “Unity in essentials, liberty in doubts, charity in everything.”In other words, whatever differences of belief we explore together, let’s please honor our common faith, disagree respectfully, and love each other no matter what.I look forward to hearing your perspectives. Stay sexy!