How many couples say “she gets me” (or he)? For a long time, I really didn’t believe that, and married nearly 30 years now, that’s hard to admit. Last night, my wife gave me the gift of affirmation, something she’s been doing consistently for several years now. I’m nearing the big 6 – 0, and I’ve struggle some with ED. Call it physical, call it mental—it’s a little of both. The mental is rooted in the guilt of straying eyes and communication 10 years ago. I’ve had some physical manifesting on and off connected to the initial healing.We have healed our relationship, AND we have had deep, long conversations about where we’ve been and where we’re going. She’s coaching me through my issues, being very patient and transparent about still loving me through the struggles.This past weekend, work was on my mind. That can manifest the negative energy that kills any groove I want to establish. We went to bed Friday and Saturday night without my making any advances. Sunday, on our long walk, I asked to meet her sometime before dinner, and she agreed. She also stated she was surprised I hadn’t made overtures the last couple nights.We finished some chores and met in bed, stripping and kissing naked. My hand ran over all the spots on her body I love (all of it). The mood definitely started to rise.One of my fatal mistakes in this situation is to rush. I think she’s impatient, just performing her wifely ‘duties’, and I crawl on top. This ultimately renders her attempts to stroke me hard unsuccessful.I fell to the side, naked, sighing, and she just said, “We can try later…”That usually doesn’t happen. One of us falls asleep or a headache gets in the way. We retired early, Mel started reading, and I figured I’d just go to sleep.“When the light goes off, we can try again,” she said. I was curled towards her. I immediately thought of her naked body that afternoon and felt a sensation. I must add I did say a prayer, lying naked on the bed.She said, “It looks like you lost your puppy.”“In a way it feels like I did,” I said, but now I began to grow and harden. Reaching down and pushing into the shaft and balls, it strengthened, and I was more than ready.“Can you please put your book aside? I’m ready,” I said.She turned, smiled, and soon we stripped our shorts off. Fearing deflation, I left our shirts on. She pulled them up so our skin met while I parted and entered her.“Ohhhoooo, it’s a lot easier sliding in hard, eh?” she kidded as I plunged deep.“Oh my God, yes….” I sighed and held it deep.She ground against my cock, finding the depth and spot, moaning and sighing. “Mmmmmm,” she cooed, and I pulled back and slowly pushed back insider her. “Ohhhhh… Yesssss….”Her hips provided the movement, and soon she was riding me to orgasm. In a way, I’m blessed at her ease in satisfaction because I came off two other weak attempts. She came, but I didn’t, and it was maybe 1/4th as hard as I was in that moment.“OHhhhhh… Mmmmmm… yes… YES!” She came, and I pulled back, then thrust forward and did the same, sending three weeks of cum inside her. “Wow… that’s warm…”I fell off to the side like before, this time completely satisfied. I so appreciated her tact and handling of my issues earlier and getting hers off of me in that moment.It’s amazing to keep growing a connection that has been good, but is now turning great.