I’m  just sitting by the fire this morning after finishing my Bible reading. My mind begins to wander, and I think of my beloved husband, the man all my dreams are about. It’s hard to believe this will be our 40th Valentine’s Day together. We are so blessed. He is all my heart will ever desire. His touch still drives me wild. I love his handsome face, his sexy butt and legs, his muscular arms, and his hairy chest. He even smells great. I love it.I love the sound of his voice as he whispers sweet nothings and dirty talk in my ear. Feeling the warmth of his breath on my neck still gives me goose bumps. I’m so honored to be his wife. He cares for me, provides for me, and does so many thoughtful and considerate things for me. He is selfless and always thinking of me.I thank God for him everyday. I pray I can be the wife he deserves. We are a great team.Sex has gotten better and better through the years. With better communication and skill, we have become experts at the art of pleasing each other. However, growing older does present some challenges for both of us. Sometimes things struggle to work as they used to. Consequently, we go through some dry spells every now and then.Recently, he was struggling to “perform” due to an injury. The pain made it impossible for him to maintain his hard-on. This lead to discouragement for both of us. We were really missing that connection of penetrative sex. He is so good at pleasuring me orally and with fingers and toys. All those are great, but we both needed a good fuck. I was determined to help him.He was watching a game on TV. I went to our room and changed into a long button down pajama top, leaving a couple buttons open so my big tits were slightly hanging out. I put on a pair of his favorite high heels, and I sauntered back into the living room.He looked at me, and his eyes glistened. With a big grin on his face, he said “Damn, girl, you are so sexy.”He stood up and started kissing me and squeezing my breast. Leaning over, he kissed and sucked my nipples. At this point, I took his hand and led him to our bedroom.I put lube on my hand and began a twisting vigorous hand job as we kissed and our tongues did a tango. We were breathing heavily in anticipation. I sat on the edge of the bed to lick and suck his hard cock. He was leaking pre-cum.I lay back, spread my legs, and begged him to take me. Usually, he would give me lots of oral attention, but we both needed a good fuck, and we didn’t want to risk him losing his erection. I needed that cock inside me now!Ohhh, it felt so good when he slid inside me all the way to his balls!“Mmmmmmm. Oh, yeah, baby! Give it to me.”I was enjoying it so much. Then I saw the worried look on his face. I knew he would lose his erection if he started to worry about performance. So I said something I have never said to him before.I asked, “Who’s pussy is this?”He said, “Yours.”I said, “No, tell me who’s pussy this is?”Again he said, “Yours.”I said, “No, this wet pussy belongs to you, and that cock belongs to me! So now tell me who’s fucking pussy is this?”He replied, “It’s my fucking pussy!”I said, “Tell me again like you own it, baby!”He said, “That’s my fucking pussy!”I replied, “Then my big cock better give it to me good!”At that point we were so hot for each other we both came at the same time. I gushed all over his balls as he filled me with his extra big load.“Ohhhhhhh, baby, that was sooooo good!”