My Darling,I dreamed of you—of us—again last night.The desire, the need was the same, but the dream was different; more urgent, more primal.And much, much less gentle.This time you pulled me to you, your hands exploring roughly, almost desperately, claiming every inch of me. Insistent kisses bruise my lips and steal my breath, your mouth hungrily exploring my throat, grazing my flesh with your teeth, rough stubble scratching at my skin. A rumbling growl of frustration escapes your lips when your path is barred by my shirt. This time clothes are not a teasing promise of hidden delights; they are a barrier to be tugged at, torn away, discarded.Fabric tears and buttons fly as you pull at my shirt, ripping the front open and yanking it out of your way. The cuffs are fitted, with tiny fiddly buttons holding them tight to my wrists, so you settle for pulling the shirt as far down my arms as you can, leaving my arms pinned to my side. It is only now that you seem to notice that I am not wearing a bra. With my arms immobilized from the elbows down and pinned behind my back by the shredded remains of my shirt, my breasts are thrust forward, nipples hard and aching for your touch.Your mouth travels as if on instinct to explore the exposed flesh. Your usually playful nips and nibbles are hungry, almost desperate. The flashes of sweet pain as your teeth tease my nipples are strangely arousing, sending blood rushing to my already soaking wet pussy, and I groan and grind against you, searching for the extra touch of pressure against my clit that I know will make me cum.My nipples are rock hard now, throbbing and pulsing in a way I have never experienced before, and just the movement of the air across them is enough to send a new pulse of desire shooting through my core. I writhe desperately as I teeter on the edge of orgasm.I don’t know if you sense my urgency, or if, like me, you feel it has been too long since we have been together and are chasing your own desires. Either way, your hands are once again roaming, seeking, in search of… well, I’m not sure what exactly, but it feels so damn good I don’t question it—don’t ever want it to stop.Grunts of frustration slip from your lips, and from mine, as you reach the waistband of my skirt. I suddenly feel naked, exposed, without you pressed tight against me.I feel your reluctance as you are forced to pull away for a moment, and I see the options flit across your face. The skirt is slim fitting, pressing my thighs together in much the same way as my arms are pinned by my shirt. Your hands pull roughly at the fabric, frustrated that it will not pull down or tear away, despite your increasingly frantic attempts. You realize that hunting for scissors will mean relinquishing your hold on me, so that idea too is abandoned.Tracing the seams, you find where you think the zip should be, but the concealed zip is held at the top with a hook and eye. No time for fiddly fastenings, you need be in fast—NOW! Reaching down to grasp the hem of my skirt, you are momentarily distracted by the soft, bare flesh of my thighs as, inch by inch, you work the fabric higher. But that distraction doesn’t last for long—the scent of my wet pussy reminds you of your goal.A soft scream slips from my lips as the coarse scratching of your stubbled chin along my inner thighs reminds me how little it will take to make me cum so hard right now. But no matter how much I squirm, how loud I cry, your mouth never gets any closer. Your hot breath on my clit takes me right to the edge.I beg, scream, thrust my crotch closer to your mouth. So close, so close, oh God I need you now, just a light touch, just one more kiss…But I wake up, tangled in my sheets—all alone and horny as hell, and once again unsatisfied. I know I can finish myself. I am so close it will take no effort at all, but your presence still hangs in the air, reminding me of how unsatisfying even the best of toys and props are compared to you.And so, I shall wait, frustrated, until I see you again…Even if only in my dreams.But until then, my love,Sweet dreams xxxxx