After an already eventful evening of lovemaking (seeHomecumming: Part 1), my wife and I lay beside each other on the bed, gently fondling and caressing each other. She raked her fingernail over my nipples, sending a slight shutter through my body. Then she lovingly cradled my balls in one hand, while looking adoringly at my long, hard cock. Despite already having sex in multiple positions, I hadn’t cum yet, so my erection remained rock hard. Spotting a drop of pre-cum running down my dick, my wanting wife dove forward, taking my whole dick into her mouth. She sucked the pre-cum off as she gently pulled away, and then lick all around the tip to make sure she got all of it.“Would you like to go for a night-time swim?” she asked. I could see the desire in her eyes. She had wanted to try pool-sex ever since we opened our pool for the summer. I eagerly agreed. We threw on our swimsuits, grabbed our towels, and headed outside. It was late July, but the night air still had a slight chill. Our house sits on a well-traveled road. Even though we have a fence around the yard, passersby can still see over and through the wood slats. So, as we approached our pool, we knew there was a chance of being spotted by onlookers.The cool water sent a chill through my body as I climbed into the pool and removed my trunks beneath the surface. As my delectable bride sat by the deck’s edge, she gracefully dipped her toes into the tranquil waters. With a seductive ease, she then slipped off her bottoms and glided towards the pool’s edge, invitingly spreading her legs to reveal her smooth and alluring pussy.I eagerly made my way through the water until I was in the perfect position to feast on her feminine fruit. My mouth eagerly devoured her delicate folds, relishing in the nectar of her succulent juices. I reveled in the sensation of my tongue penetrating her luscious lower lips, marveling at the smoothness of her freshly shaven skin. The sight and taste of her bare, naked beauty sent shivers of ecstasy down my spine, warming my blood even in the cool embrace of the water.She quivered in delight as my tongue explored every inch of her delectable femininity. Grasping the back of my head with her fingers, she surrendered to pleasure, releasing softly muffled moans of ecstasy, praying the sounds of passing traffic would conceal the evidence of her sensual satisfaction.Next, I focused on her sensitive clit, rapidly flickering my tongue back and forth before enveloping it with my lips and gently suckling it between my teeth. In the distance, we could hear a train coming. Her legs trembled uncontrollably as she neared the edge of another orgasm. Finally, intense waves of pleasure rocked her forward and back. Her cum glazed my lips and chin. She moaned and squealed so loudly that all the neighbors would certainly have heard if not for the passing train. Finally, I pulled away so she could collect herself.After her heavy breathing subsided, she slid down into the water and let out a loudbuuuurrr. “Oh, it’s so cold,” she exclaimed.“You’ll get used to it in a second,” I replied, smiling.After taking a moment to adjust to the water, she reached around behind her and unhooked her top. Her bountiful breasts floated at the top of the water like twin buoys. Now fully naked, this was the first time in our many years together that we ever skinny-dipped. Seeing her beautiful naked body beneath the summer night sky was thrilling. I pulled her close. Her tight, hard nipples pressed against my chest. Then I traced the sexy curves of her body until my hands found that delightfully fleshy spot where her thighs meet her ass. I lifted her up, spreading her legs and pulling her toward me.Nearly weightless in the water, she wrapped her legs around me and guided my aching cock into her still moist pussy. She worried that the pool water would wash away her natural lubrication, but that wasn’t the case. I easily glided in and out of her wonderfully wet pussy as she bobbed up and down in the water. The ecstasy written all over her face as I thrusted my hips back and forth almost sent me over the edge, but I did my best to hold back. Her lower lips felt tight around my cock as she moved up and down. She looked unbelievably stunning and fully rapturous as she threw head back and wrapped her hands around the back of my neck.“Oh, yes, baby! Fuck me,” she pleaded while climbing the peak of yet another explosive orgasm. Her mouth opened and her brow furrowed as her vaginal muscles spasmed around my throbbing dick. Blissful relaxation visibly washed over her face, while her body melted into mine.“You feel so good inside me, baby! I’m so lucky to have a lover like you,” she praised.“I’m the lucky one! You’re so beautiful and smoking hot,” I replied.“Actually, I’m getting a little cold,” she quipped back. “Are you ready to go inside and warm up?”With that, she dismounted from my still-hard dick. We put our swimsuits back on before climbing out of the pool and heading back inside. We flirted and teased as we dried off together. Even after all this lovemaking, the night was still young and there was more to cum.To be continued…