I’m not gonna lie, my wife Vanessa’s ass is something special.She is a bigger girl, with very broad hips. She has a little bit of melanin to her skin tone with a mostly White Southern heritage and some Black and Cherokee ancestors.She has been blessed by God with a beautiful combination of features. She knows how to dance well—to hip hop, country, ballroom, you name it. In an effort to help bring her weight down into a healthier range, she has been dancing more lately for exercise like when she was younger, so I’ve been thinking a lot about how much I have always enjoyed seeing her dance. It’s been fun to watch.I remember one of the first times I began to feel serious attraction toward her was one time years ago when I saw her dancing. She can really work wonders with those hips and that ass God gave her. It’s amazing.I remember a time several months later when we were on a date and, for the first time, she intentionally backed into me as we stood in line. I remember how she looked into my eyes with a dark, animalistic, hungry expression that almost scared me, and most certainly thrilled me to my core.I remember going out to grocery shop as newlyweds. I know bigger girls aren’t for everyone, but we used to live in a very ethnic neighborhood, predominantly made up of cultures that tend more towards idolizing larger, curvier women. I remember how exciting it felt to see men doing double takes, staring at Vanessa’s ass as she pushed our shopping cart down the aisles. Some of them gave me knowing smiles, as if to say, “Good for you, man!” Some men’s faces went green with envy.I still remember how breathless I was when, as newlyweds, for the first time, she invited me to cum on her ass. It was a fantasy fulfilled.I love playfully spanking that huge, round, creamy-yellow ass, and just going crazy on it with my lips, tongue, and cock. I am hoping we can start a conversation in praise and appreciation of the female derrière. I especially want to give a hearty shoutout to the bigger, curvier asses, and the women of mixed racial heritage.