Lacy and I grew up in very different homes and lifestyles. Both were Christian homes, but my parents were a devoted and passionately sexual couple. As the oldest of my siblings, I had heard or come upon my parents having sex somewhere in the house many times. Before I lost them, they taught me to be loving and respectful of all women—especially my wife when the time came. (As you may have read in a previous story,Dinner with Lacy, I didn’t always succeed at that.)Lacy’s family was more conservative and protective. Her parents didn’t let her date, and she had never kissed a guy until our first date three years ago after I had come to the Lord. Six months passed before she felt comfortable enough to kiss passionately, but soon she couldn’t get enough of making out. We dated for a year; then, I proposed. Once we graduated from college a year later and I established myself in my father’s construction company, we wed. The wait seemed interminable to me, but Lacy is more than worth it. Since then, my love for every aspect of this amazing woman has only grown.We had a fantastic wedding night, and our sexual exploration and enjoyment have continued for the last year. We have gone from straight missionary to spooning, cowgirl, and doggie. She has also become very fond of giving me a hand job and getting fingered. I tried to talk to her about oral sex, giving and receiving, but she adamantly claimed that God disapproves of that sexual act.But one evening a week ago, after Lacy got me off with her hand, she went to wash up as usual. This time, however, she didn’t close the door. It pleasantly took me aback to see my sexy but proper wife eagerly lick my cum off her hand.I didn’t say anything when she returned to bed with a warm, damp hand towel, wiped the residue off of me, then lay down and snuggled up against me. I just held her close, and soon we were both sleeping.I gradually awoke to the sensation of my cock, stiff and throbbing, being stroked ever-so-lightly. Waking me up this way has become commonplace for Lacy. It seems she feels more confident experimenting while I sleep, so I never do anything to disturb her. But I opened one eye slightly when she laid her head gently on my lower belly. I couldn’t see very well in the darkness of the wee hours, and what I felt next made it very hard to contain myself: Lacy pulled my erection down and softly ran her tongue around its head.I couldn’t stop the slight tremor when her lips stretched around my cock head. Lacy pulled away and turned her face toward mine, and I did my best sleeping impression, thankful for the darkness. So she turned back and slid the crown back into her hot little mouth, moving her head, lips, and tongue almost experimentally.My heart beat faster, and I fought back a moan as my balls tightened. My cock tingled and throbbed, and the inevitable happened: I exploded. I expected Lacy would pull back, but she continued sucking and swallowing all the cum that flooded her mouth.This pattern continued for the next week, and Lacy sucked more of my cock into her mouth each time. Every morning, I had to fight the urge to grab her head and push her down on my cock.This morning began the same way, but I couldn’t control myself today. I moaned aloud as I felt her take all my cock into her mouth and suck tenderly.Lacy quickly pulled off and looked at me with panic. But when she saw the hunger in my eyes, her nervous look promptly became a sexy grin. Then, she turned and sucked my entire cock back into her mouth.I arched my back and pushed my hips up to her. “Ohhh, Lacy! Yes. Damn, yessss.”Lacy lay at an angle that put her ass in arms reach, so I slapped and squeezed the nearest cheek. She opened her legs in response, and my fingers found her hot, soaked pussy. I rubbed along her slit before sliding two fingers in. She pushed back against my fingers with a moan that sent heavenly vibrations through my cock. Lacy humped as fast as she sucked, with a needy hunger and desire. I never expected to feel her mouth around me, and coupled with her enthusiasm, the excitement overwhelmed me.Lacy’s body began to shake, and her pussy pulsed around my fingers. She pulled my cock from her mouth to cry out as pussy juice flowed out and down my wrist. But she rolled to her side and continued pumping my cock as she moaned through a long orgasm.As I made to pull my fingers out, Lacy grabbed my hand and held my fingers deep inside her. She smiled at me before sliding my cock back into her mouth, not stopping until my cock tickled her tonsils. That made her gag a little, so she pulled back a touch and sucked so intensely that I crunched to a half-sitting position. My hands instinctively grabbed her head as my hot cum erupted. Lacy swallowed hard and fast but still couldn’t contain it all.My body tingled. “Incredible!” I finally fell back and released her head.Lacy looked at the puddle of cum around my now-sated dick and apologized for not being able to swallow it all.“Honey!” I pulled her up to me and caressed her soft, beautiful face. “That was amazing, and I wouldn’t change a thing.”Lacy smiled and kissed me as I rolled her onto her back. Then slowly, stealthily, I began to kiss my way down her body…