This post contains strong language (L).I was in the barn just before dinner time, feeding the animals.  It had been a long, hot, and tiring day of bailing the last of the early summer hay.  I missed Mary Beth, who was gone for the day.  Rememberingour picnic lunch in the field yesterdaymade me miss her even more.I had pulled off my sweat-stained tee to wipe my face when a noise startled me. Quickly, I turned, and there stood my Mary Beth with her long, flowing hair pulled into a ponytail and her eyes filled with desire.She smiled and stepped closer. “Sorry, baby, I didn’t mean to scare you.”I looked down at her ample cleavage pressed against my chest. Bending down, I cupped and squeezed her asscheeks, then lifted her up so that our lips could lock.Her tongue was quick to push deep into my mouth, but soon she pulled back from our kiss.  Caressing my sweaty face, she said, “I’ve missed you, baby.”  As I lowered her, she softly kissed my neck, then her mouth wandered my chest, licking and biting at my nipples. Her lips next trailed down my belly until she was kneeling on the barn floor, and she moaned as she pressed her hand firmly against the swollen cock in my jeans.  Making quick work of the button and zipper, she looked up at me with a sexy grin as she yanked my jeans down and grabbed my stiff cock firmly.As her tongue bathed my cockhead and lapped down my shaft, I moaned, then gasped and shuddered as she slid more than half my length into her mouth, gagging as it lodged at the top of her throat.  Slowly, she started sliding my cock in and out, bumping her throat harder with each lunge of her hot wet, silky mouth. Oh, how I love when Mary Beth sucks my cock with such control and power.  I shook and groaned loudly as she pushed, and my cock slid down her velvet throat.  Her long moan vibrated my cock, a sensation so incredible that I can’t explain it.Mary Beth dragged her lips away. “Baby, I love sucking your big cock.  It feels so good when you’re deep in my throat.” As she said it, she wrapped her dainty fingers around the front of her neck, gliding them downward and turning me on even more. “And I love when you cum in my throat. I love the feel of your cock pulsing and your hot cum sliding down and warming my belly.”  She purposefully sucked me in again and, swallowing around the head so that her throat squeezed it over and over, milking me.I grabbed her ponytail and pulled her away before my cock exploded down her throat.  Then she stood up and pulled my head down to kiss me deep and hard while she wrapped her hand around my shaft.  I lifted her up against my body, her dress bunching up as I reached around to yank her panties out of the way—but she wasn’t wearing any!  My fingers glided over her hot, wet, smooth pussy.Mary Beth groaned as I pulled her open and lifted her higher till my cock head pressed against her pussy.  “Take me, take me, baby. Shove your big…”Before she could go any further, I pulled her down and impaled her.Her nails scratched my bare back. “Oh, fuck, yes,” she yelled.I pushed her back against the rough wood behind her and thrust hard and fast.  Mary Beth took all my cock, crying out sexily with each thrust as I drove her into the wall.  Her pussy spasmed, and her hot juice started gushing out with each thrust.“That it,” I encouraged her, “cum all over my cock.”Mary Beth moaned, “Yesss, use me. Fuck me, yes, yes.” Her words drove me crazy as she begged for everything I could give her. Her pussy spasmed, her body trembled, and her juices ran like a river. I drove in fully and cried out as my cock exploded, shooting cum deep inside her pussy.  Our lips crushed together and we kissed deeply.As I lifted my wife off my cock, our cum flowed out of her and down my shaft.  Her legs wobbled as I put her feet on the ground, but holding my wrists, Mary Beth sank to her knees to lick and suck my softening cock, drinking down all our love juices.Looking down, I felt so loved and so blessed by God to have such a sexy, beautiful, amazing girl marry me and become the mother of our child and a sex-crazed hottie of a wife.I give praise and thanks to you, Lord.