Traveling for a job is never easy. But, when a job is 600 miles from home and lasts for six months, it poses special problems.  Many have repeated the old saying that “absence makes the heart grow fonder” but, in truth, it does so much more.I recently made the journey home after more than a month away on a six-month project. I was able to get five days off in a row, which was unusual and well-appreciated. My wife of nearly 31 years met me at the airport, and instead of just simply waiting in the car to pick me up, she put it in park and ran around to hug and kiss me in public—a very warm welcome indeed.With the exception of one day that started very early and was filled with all the necessary errands that needed to be run, we spent the majority of our mornings in bed together. Each of those mornings included the much-needed coupling for which we had been longing. The first day was very urgent, as you might expect. The second day was slower and almost to the point of being languid. Both of these experiences were wonderful after such a long time apart, but nothing truly set them apart.My last day home was Sunday. Our alarm went off at 7:30 a.m., as usual, so that we could get up and get ready for church and be at Sunday School by 10:00 a.m.  When the alarm went off, I rolled over and placed my arm around my wife’s waist. I pulled her close to me and whispered, “Skip church with me.”I fully expected her to wiggle away and say no because we rarely ever skip church. However, she rolled back to me, placed her hands on either side of my face, and kissed me full on the lips. This was the only answer I required.Over the course of the next hours, we were like young lovers once again. Our hands roamed and explored each other’s bodies as they had not done for much too long. The taste of her lips on mine excited me to greater passion, and my touch on her skin drew sounds of delight from her.Our lovemaking started slowly, though urgently, and grew to a crescendo of passion that is often too rare in couples who have been married as long as we have. We finished brilliantly, with us both on the edge of the bed, me standing and doing my best to please her.Once we had finished, we fell together and snuggled under the covers, again holding and exploring each other as our passion subsided into something more relaxing.When we finally climbed out of bed, we discovered we had just enough time to get dressed before the rest of the family came home from church. All told, we spent an incredible four hours making love. While I know every experience cannot be like this, I certainly look forward to the next one that is.