(L) – This story contains strong language.On Thursday of this particular week, I lost a tooth and then had a bone graft done in the socket.  So I was left in pain and had some limitations that the dentist said would last for a few days.  He said any activity would raise my blood pressure, so I knew we’d have no kind of sexual contact for three days.  Normally my wife “fixes my problem,” AKA, she helps me have an orgasm on days we aren’t having a full lovemaking session.  But I couldn’t even kiss due to the pain.But Saturday was a much better day!  I am writing this section on Saturday evening.  It was my birthday today!  My wife and I both showered after we got up this morning.  Sex is a morning activity nowadays because it’s easier on my heart.  Melody showered first while I turned on our halite lamps and started a “fire” on our bedroom’s flatscreen TV.  I love how my wife’s skin positively glows in that soft light!She insisted that our lovemaking start with my birthday blow job.  We have a negotiated deal where she gives me fellatio on special occasions like holidays, birthdays, our anniversary, etc.  I give her cunnilingus more frequently.  Giving oral is not Melody’s favorite sexual activity, but she loves me, so she gives it to me on those occasions.  It’s funny, but often she really gets into it at the time.  She certainly takes real pride in her brilliant technique!Today she definitely got into it, and definitely used that brilliant technique—and it felt a-MAZ-ing!  Melody is absolutely gifted at blow jobs.  She started it off with her lips on my nip as I pumped my rod to full power.  Then she slid down to begin her loving, sexual ministrations on my full erection.  She licked and rubbed her lips all along the underside of my cock.  She pumped it with one hand as she orally engulfed half my length, and then she deep-throated me for a while.  Next, she backed off a little and rubbed her lips on the top of my glans. Then she alternated between those various techniques in random order.  This went on for quite a while before she was finally done.“I can’t do anymore right now, my jaw is starting to hurt,” she said.Melody has a cute little mouth.  At the risk of bragging, I’ll say that I’m not exactly small down south—she has to flex her jaw before she engulfs my cock.“If you can you should!” she said as she laid back on the bed.  This meant I should fuck her at once while I could.  Yes, she looked scrumptious!  But I had some other birthday activities to do before intercourse.So, I kneeled up beside her and did “tip on nip.”  I rubbed a little coconut oil and flavored lube on her nipples and some on my cock, then I pumped my cock as I rubbed the underside of my tip on her nipple.Melody had started out with her mini wand vibrator on her external pussy.  Now she switched to her looped-handle vibe as I did this “tip on nip.”  We both were clearly enjoying all this!  Then I leaned over and slurped up the mix of coconut oil, and Aloe Cadabra Tahitian Vanilla lube, all mixed in with my pre-cum.  Then I kissed her to share the taste.“I want Tommy in my puuusssy!” Melody pleaded.“You want my cock to fuck your pussy?” I asked feigning surprise.“YES!” she insisted, “I want your big cock to fuck my pussy!”Of course, I complied. I moved into our go-to X Position, laying on my side with her on her back.  But I first moved to her left side and orally worked over her left boobie.  Then I slid down and lined up my cock to her wet and well-lubed pussy as we laid at right angles.  I slid my love stick into her love tunnel and began pumping slowly and Melody continued massaging herself with the vibrator.We were starting slow, but she really likes it hard and pounding. Besides, I have to drive to orgasm pretty fast or my heart freaks out.  So we quickly increased the pace! She caressed my cock with her cunt and I fingered her hard nipples.  The feel of her pulsating pussy AND the vibe vibrations through her vaginal walls was just beyond belief!  This led to my spectacular orgasm. (I rarely cum from her blow jobs nowadays, but getting one before intercourse leads to the most intense climax while fucking!)Just as I was in the throes of an intense, extended orgasm, a grandkid knocked on the apartment door with a homemade present. We live in an apartment attached to our daughter’s house. So grandkids sometimes commit coitus interruptus.But there was no stopping us this time. I completed my orgasm and sprayed a LOT of cum inside my wife’s pulsating pussy.I got up, put on a robe, and shut the bedroom door behind me.  I answered the apartment door.  Our oldest granddaughter was so proud of the homemade birthday present she’d made me.  And itwaspretty cool.  I thanked her and gave her a hug and she headed back upstairs for her breakfast.I went back into the bedroom to give my sexy wife her orgasm, but my Melody said she’d had her fix.  She suggested we “continue this tomorrow!”“I’m not gonna say no to sex two days in a row!” I said, and we kissed and hugged in the middle of our bedroom.  We usually make love every third day.  What’s more, after getting close to cumming today, I knew that my Melody would be wired for it tomorrow!“Thank you for EVERYTHING!” I said sincerely as I held her in my arms.“You’re welcome,” she said as she stepped a bit back and looked down with a kind of shy, embarrassed smile.“You are so cute when you do that!” I exclaimed.“When I do what?” she asked.“When you look embarrassed by how amazingly good you are at oral,” I said.“Maybe I shouldn’t be so good at it. Then I could do it less often,” she joked.“You can’t help yourself, Melody,” I said as I held her face in my hands.  “You have a drive to excel at everything you do, and your oral skills are no exception!”She rolled her eyes, but she knew that I spoke the truth. Then we kissed again.It certainly had been a great start to my birthday. And I certainly enjoyed the sexual gifts from my beautiful and kind wife!  We are so blessed to be together and still have an active sexual relationship.More to cum in the follow-up story about Sunday and Monday!