(L) – This story contains strong language.What a honeymoon! A flight to New York that got upgraded to first class, some time in New York before flying to San Francisco, a few days there, then on to Yosemite, and finishing in Vegas, with some great food and drinks in Mon Ami Gabi, across the road from the Bellagio fountains.One night after food and a few drinks, we went up to our room and my wife got me to strip naked and lie on the bed. Putting some music on, she opened a bottle of Pol Roger champagne and began to drink it straight from the bottle as she started to dance. Then she set the bottle on a table and undid the buttons on her shirt, revealing her toned tummy and her beautiful tits in a lacy bra. My previously brunette wife had had a visit to the hairdresser and now had hair that the stylist called ‘streetwalker blond’!As she drank more, she kicked off her heels, then slowly and sexually removed her tight leather pants and continued to dance around in her thong, bra and shirt. She drank more from the bottle before removing her shirt, bra and thong, exposing her freshly-waxed-clean pussy. As I’m sure you can guess, I was rock hard by this stage.I couldn’t believe my eyes as my wife took another swig from the bottle, then pulled her pussy lips apart with her left hand and inserted the champagne bottle slowly into her pussy with her right hand. She moaned in pleasure as she slowly started to fuck herself with the champagne bottle. I lay there in disbelief as wife fucked herself with the bottle while also playing with her clit, bringing herself to orgasm and squirting and crying out “Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!”She stood there on the floor with her eyes closed, an enormous smile on her face and her juices flowing down her bare legs.Coming over to the bed, she took another mouthful of the champagne, but spilled most of it out of her mouth as she took my very hard cock between her lips. I could feel the bubbles on my cock. After sucking my cock for a while, she slowly lowered her pussy onto it, taking it easy, as she was a little tender from using the bottle on herself.She told me to open my mouth, and I did so. She tried to pour some champagne into my mouth, but ended up just pouring it over my face! That gave us both a good laugh.She then started to ride me, telling me to grab her tits, which I did without hesitation, pulling and twisting at her nipples as she built toward orgasm. When she came for her second time, she soaked me with her juices and continued to ride me until I shot a load of cum inside her pussy. My wife then moved up my body and sat on my face so that I could eat my cum out of her pussy.We then lay naked together, covered in champagne, sweat, cum and my wife’s pussy juices.