(L) – This story contains strong language.Last month Tom got called away for a two-week, out-of-town project. I’m proud of him when he gets these opportunities, and I honestly don’t mind the alone time. But after a few days, I started to really miss him.We talked every day or two, and texted, just to stay in each other’s thoughts and prayers.One night after I had crawled in bed with a good book, my phone pinged.Tom: “Hey babe whatcha doing?”Me: “Decided to put my nightgown on and hit sack early.”Tom: “Nightgown? That sounds interesting. Which one?”Even though I was wearing distinctly un-sexy flannel, I decided to fib a little to see if I could keep Tom intrigued.Me: “A new one,” I lied. “I don’t think I’ve shown it to you. It’s short, mostly transparent black lace. It doesn’t cover very much. I think you’ll like it.”Tom: “Send pics please!”Me: “No way, Sir! The last thing I want is to be on display on some internet hacker’s porno site!”Tom: “I swear I’ll delete it…”Me: “Yes, after you jerk off?”Tom: “Well yeah, of course.”I smiled. I was getting a little bit turned on by our texting and gave some thought to next steps.Me: “Ok so here’s what we can do. I’m horny and I really miss you. Call me.”My invitation was quickly accepted with a FaceTime incoming call.Even though our bedroom and his hotel room were pretty dim, I could see his handsome face, and he could see me.“Hey no fair! That’s not a new nightgown,” he said.“Ok, ok, I’m caught. So I exaggerated a little,” I confessed. “I was trying to turn you on.”“You succeeded!” he said enthusiastically.“You’re too easy,” I laughed. “Let’s see what more I can do for you.”I pulled back the covers and swung my feet to the floor. “Come with me.”I walked into my closet with my phone in hand and set it up so Tom could watch me. I turned on a small battery operated candle I keep on my dresser, which set the mood perfectly, then turned toward the camera and seductively unbuttoned and dropped my flannel gown to the floor and stepped out, nude. I lingered in the shadows and flickering light, holding my large breasts, and pinching my nipples. I then let my hands drift down over my middle aged tummy to my soft strawberry blonde pussy. I spread my dampening pink lips and made sure that Tom could see my clit peeking out, by now eager for some attention.I rummaged through my bottom drawer and found the nightgown I was looking for, a black shortie that’s great for sex, but lousy for sleeping, in that my boobs have a hard time staying in it. Tom was getting a nice view of my ass as I bent over.I turned toward the camera. “It’s not new, but it has been a while since I squeezed in to this one,” I said.“You look fantastic,” Tom said. “I’m hard already.”“Do let me see,” I responded. “You aren’t the only one who likes to watch their lover put on a show.”Tom turned the phone to his cock in his hand. It was hard. Tom has a beautiful cock, and he knows I get turned on by watching him stroke it. It’s a normal length, but nice and thick. I can barely get my thumb and index finger wrapped around the shaft when I’m sucking him.“Oh baby, if you were here, that cock would be in my warm, wet mouth right now. Let me show you what I mean.”I took the phone and sashayed over to my bedside table, where I keep my favorite toy: a pink lifelike rabbit vibrator. Holding the camera in one hand, I took the vibrator in the other, and began to lick and suck it so Tom could watch.I could hear him moan.“Slow down, boy,” I told him. “I want this to last for a while.”I turned my bedside lamp on low, lay down on the bed, and angled the phone so Tom could see from my left shoulder down over my breasts to my pubic mound. The black silk gown contrasted nicely with my pale skin and the pink dildo. I took the rabbit ears and placed them on my clit and stated working the shaft gently at first, very shallow, in and out of my now wet pussy.With my left hand I reached down and wet my fingers. Tom loves it when I bring them to his lips for a taste of what is in store for him.I don’t know how it is for other ladies my age, but when I get really turned on, the fragrance and taste of my natural juices changes a bit. It’s subtle, but I get more slippery and sort of lightly sweet and sour. Tom loves the taste, and although it may sound a little weird, so do I. So I made sure that the head of the vibrator got nice and wet, then I showed it to Tom before putting it in my mouth and running my tongue over it. Mmmm.Sometimes when we are together and I am masturbating, Tom will get on his knees and bring his cock to my lips. I love the taste and feel of his clear pre-cum on my lips. I will suck him while I’m fucking myself, which is admittedly a favorite (unrealized of course) fantasy of mine, to have two men adoring my body at the same time, one in my mouth and one in my pussy.I like Tom to talk to me while I’m doing this, nothing too raunchy, but something like “Yes, suck it baby,” or “Wow you are really getting fucked good. Do you like that?” I will just smile and nod, as it can be hard to talk with a mouthful of cock. But sometimes I try to talk anyway—it usually sounds like “mumph humph” and cracks us both up. Tip: laughter in bed is good.Anyway, by now Tom was standing with his cock in one hand and his other hand cupping his balls. I find it amazing how hard and fast you guys can jerk off. There is no way I can move my hand and wrist like that, even after 50 plus years of serious tennis. It’s just not in the female DNA.Our vibrator is fast, sometimes too fast, and I can get myself off in less than 2 minutes if I try. I could hear Tom getting close, and I had an idea.“I want you to come on your phone,” I said.“What?”“Come on your phone,” I repeated. “I want to watch your come squirt out and get on the screen.”“Um, I don’t think that will be good for the electronics,” he said. Ever the engineer.“Oh come on, you have a cover on it. And are you really trying to make be believe you have never gotten a big load of cum all over your cell phone?”“Um, no. I mean yes, Im trying to tell you exactly that. Who comes on their phone?”“You do big fella, if you want this to ever happen again,” I playfully insisted.By this time I was holding the vibrator between my thighs and was moving my hips in a slow up and down rhythm. My right hand was cupping my boob and squeezing and rolling a very perky pink nipple.“Come on baby, cum on me. Come on my face!” I said in my best cam girl voice.That was all it took. Tom groaned as a nice stream of white erupted from the head of his cock and dribbled down his fist. This triggered my orgasm as well, and for about 30 seconds, wave after wave of pleasure rolled down my legs and up through my abs.Coming is just about the only ab workout I get these days, but it’s the best. (If any ladies are still reading this, please let me know if your tummy gets tight when you come. Mine does!)Anyway, I regret to report that only a drop or two of semen made it onto Tom’s screen as his phone fell over and thumped onto to the carpeted floor. But it was the effort that counted.After a few seconds, I heard “Oh my God babe that was …awesome!,” in his best Chris Farley as Tommy Boy impression. “Now maybe I can get some sleep.”“No fair, I’m wide awake and ready for round two!” I protested.Tom knows that orgasms energize me but put him right to sleep. Thankfully he enjoys listening to me finish as he drifts off.I planted a lipstick kiss on phone screen, although my view by now was a very unsexy ceiling fan in his hotel room, slowly circling.Now if there was only a way you could record both ends of a FaceTime call. I wouldn’t mind seeing this one again! Sweet dreams, lover!