Song of Songs 1:1 Bible StudySong of Songs Bible Study IntroductionThe Bible includes a section that celebrates marital love, best exemplified by the Song of Songs. This book serves as wisdom literature. God designed our sexuality as a gift and set it within the confines of marriage. Pam and I recently completed ourIntimacy Conversationscourse at theChristian Leaders Institute.Inspired by our studies, we are crafting a conversational devotional based on the Song of Songs. At the same time, I volunteered to develop a Weekly Poll. When I mentioned to Missy from MH that we were working on this Bible study, she felt it would be a great asset to the MH community. We eagerly await your discussion on both the Bible Study and the Weekly Poll, with the latter drawing inspiration from one of the topics in our study.Most weeks, we’ll delve into just one or two verses. Let’s begin our Bible study conversation with an engaging poll about your perceptions of the Song of Songs. After that, we’ll explore Song of Songs 1:1, complemented by study notes and discussion questions. You can undertake this Bible study alone or with your spouse. It’s an excellent study for marriage devotions.We advocate for non-judgmental and encouraging conversations. Maintain a balance in dialogue, with each participant speaking and listening in equal measure. Remember, discussions of intimacy can touch upon sensitive memories or emotions. Yet, when approached with the guidance of the Word of God and steeped in prayerful curiosity, this Bible study has the potential to bring you closer to your spouse and to fortify the bond of your marriageSong of Song Poll (You may make two selections)As we embark on our Bible study, how do you perceive the portrayal of marital intimacy in the Song of Songs within the Bible?It's a profound reflection of love and passion within marriage.I'm intrigued that such vivid content is in a sacred text.It offers insightful lessons on harmonizing spirituality with human desires.I view it primarily as an allegory for divine love.Its explicit nature makes me uneasy compared to other biblical teachings on marriage.I'm not familiar with it yet, so I reserve judgment.Its depiction hasn't largely shaped my views on marital intimacy.View ResultsLoading ...Song of Songs 1:1 Bible StudyHave you ever texted your spouse a flirty message? Maybe you have flirty “code words” that won’t be understood by work associates or your children.The Song of Songs contains over 117 text-sized messages shared between a woman and a man, a bride and a groom, a lover and a beloved.Welcome to this Bible study centered on the first chapter of the Song of Songs. This Old Testament gem offers poetic texts that celebrate the beauty of love and desire as designed by God. Each day, open a flirty text given thousands of years ago, and this Text will be decoded for lovers today. These texts will be shared from the King James Version, appreciating the poetic language of this timeless edition. You will also receive a sacred text from another part of the Bible, not the Song of Songs, which will come from the World English Bible. Get ready to heat your marriage through texts from the Word of God.Song of Songs 1:1The Song of Songs, which is Solomon’sThe Song of Songs, also known as the Song of Solomon, is a unique book in the Bible that falls under the category of wisdom literature and poetry. Unlike other biblical texts that focus on laws, genealogies, or historical narratives, this book is a poetic exploration of romantic love, specifically within the context of marriage. Traditionally attributed to King Solomon, known for his wisdom, the book is a lyrical dialogue between two main characters: the Shulammite woman and her beloved.The Text artfully celebrates the emotional, sensual, and even erotic dimensions of love through vivid metaphors, figurative meanings, and intricate poetic language. This has led to various interpretations, including views that see it as an allegory of the love between Christ and the Church or as a representation of God’s love for Israel. However, on a more literal level, it is a beautiful representation of marital love, serving as an inspiration for what can be termed “hot monogamy.”Song of Songs provides timeless wisdom that will uplift the spirit and body and insight into the complexities and joys of one of life’s most influential and transformative experiences—love.Our study explores the themes of love and intimacy and their implications in marital relationships today, particularly within what we have termed “submitted sexual agency.” This term encapsulates our commitment to aligning our sexual lives with God’s design for monogamous marriage. Each day will include a sacred text for reflection. Inspired by allegorical or spiritual interpretations, we will incorporate an additional text from the Bible into the daily encouragement.In our devotion to God and each other as husband and wife, we seek to understand and surrender our sexuality to his Word. Submitted sexual agency is about each spouse willingly surrendering to the other (Ephesians 5:21) to become “one flesh” in marriage (Genesis 2:24). This surrender creates an environment that glorifies God through the profound act of marital intimacy.Each day will include a sacred text for reflection. We will incorporate an additional text from the Bible into the daily encouragement. Here is the first sacred text. This text is about submitted sexual agency and call us to explore a deep and profoundly spiritual way of sexual intimacy.Sacred Text – 1 Corinthians 7:4-5:The wife doesn’t have authority over her own body, but the husband. Likewise, the husband doesn’t have authority over his body, but the wife does. Don’t deprive one another, unless it is by consent for a season, that you may give yourselves to fasting and prayer, and may be together again, that Satan doesn’t tempt you because of your lack of self-control.Heat Conversations:Erotic Wisdom for Married Intimacy:The Song of Songs is “marriage heat” wisdom literature in the Bible. How do you feel that the Bible deals with sexual intimacy?Inspiration for Hot Monogamy:This book serves as an inspiration for “hot monogamy,” or a passionate, committed marital relationship. Why is this perspective so refreshing? What code words for your intimacy do you have? Do you want to make up some new one?Allegory and Literalism:The book has been interpreted as an allegory for divine love and a literal celebration of marital love. In your relationship, do you find that your passion serves both a spiritual and a practical purpose? How do these two dimensions of love interact in your experience?Mutual Surrender:The concept of “submitted sexual agency” focuses on mutual surrender in a marital relationship. How do you understand “mutual submission” in 1 Corinthians 7:4-5 without losing a sense of individual agency or autonomy? What reservations do you have?Share any thoughts in the comments. Check outMoral Erotica?What do you think?