John and I were sitting on a blanket while my younger siblings were fishing in the pond in front of us.  John placed his hand on my knee and softly caressed it. I moaned and my body tingled and longed for his touch.  I think of and dream of giving myself to him and fucking him all the time.  My pussy was getting wet and my nipples poking through my tank top.  He saw my poking nipples and smiled as his hand slide up my thigh and i shivered.  He asked if I was ok.“Yes, I’m fine.” as I shivered again and my pussy tingled.I gasped in frustration as his hand slid back to my knee when my siblings approached.  John had never been this close to touching me and I longed to feel him touch me.  I gasped and snaped at my siblings asking what they wanted.  They said they were going to play in the hay loft.  I smiled and hurried them off.  As they ran off John’s hand slide back down my thighs and worked inside them.I gasped when his finger pressed against my panties.  John slowly pushed my legs open and ran his finger over my silky and wet panties and pressed against my hard clit that was poking.  I shivered and we both moaned as he pressed and rubbed against it in circles.  John rubbed up and down my slit making my juices soak my panties as he pressed my panties down into my slit.“Oooooh, yes” I moaned as he was touching me for the first time.  I shook and shivered again as he pulled my panties to the side and touched my wet slippery lips.  I was on fire and moaned loudly as he opened my pussy and pushed his middle finger down into my pussy to his first knuckle. As he pressed against my veil, I moaned and shook. He slide a second finger into me.My eyes locked with his as I gasped again and said “Kiss me.”Our lips pressed together and our tongues danced wildly.  Nervously, I reached over and pressed my hand against his hardon in his shorts.  I gasped as I traced him and he felt huge.  I wanted to feel him in my hand.  Feel how big and hard he was and so beautiful I imagined.  Let alone what it would taste like and feel in my mouth.John moaned, “Yes baby touch me.”As he worked his finger tips in and out of my pussy fast, I continued rubbing him over his shorts.  I was so turned on it took no time till my pussy and nipples tingled and my nectar ran out all over his hand.  I jumped up when I heard my sibling pounding on my bedroom door telling me to get up.  Im panting and my pussy is soaked and a wet spot on the bed.  I throw myself back down and pound the bed.  “OK” I yell as I start to sob wondering when my dreams will come true.  After composing myself I got dressed and ran out the door with my siblings and getting to church just in time.  Once service was over and we were leaving the pastors wife stopped us and introduced us to a very handsome young man.  Our eyes locked when he spoke.“Hello my name is John” as we shook hands.I was in a daze; did he just say John.  The pastors wife took my siblings away to play and we stood there awkward.  I found out he was 22 and just moved to town alone for work and told him I just turned 21 and was raising my siblings since my parents passed away.  There was an awkward something between us that made me tingle and I was totaly out of my mind when I invited him over for diner and he accepted.He came over and my siblings adored him and played around as I finished diner.  After diner we stayed up talking and having a few glasses of wine.  We got to know alot about each other and there was indeed a connection.  He finished his wine and stood to leave.  As he walked away I stopped him and ran down to him.  I got on my tippy toes and pulled his face down and I kissed him.“Thank you, John. If you’re free tomorrow, please come back.”He looked shocked and smiled and said he would be back for breakfast at 9am.   I ran into my bedroom like a giddy school girl, quickly undressed, and crawled into bed.  Laying there, thinking of John, my body was getting turned on.  I imagined us laying in bed facing each other and making out.  Our hands caressing each other through our cloths.  I ran my hand over the front of his shorts like I did in my dream last night.  Feeling how big and hard he was.“Take it out, take my cock out.”I gasped and looked up at him and bit my lip as I pulled his shorts out and down from his cock. I softly wrapped my hand around his thick cock.  My hand couldn’t wrap around him, and I gasped again.  He was much bigger than the few cocks I’d seen in pictures on the internet.John moaned “That feels amazing” as my hand slid up and down his cock.I stroked him faster and faster.  John cried out and grabbed my hand, telling me to stop or he would cum.  I pulled his hand away and I kissed him passionately as his cock throbbed and jerked in my hand and I gasped into his mouth as I felt the first blast of his hot cum hit my belly, then several more after.  My body shook and I cried out in bed as my orgasm washed through my body over and over. I went limp on my bed.  As I shake and enjoy my orgasm, my phone text goes off.  It was John’s “Question.”I text back “Ask anything”  I waited and waited for about 15 minutes when I get the question.“Do you believe in love at first sight?”I giggle and start to cry.  “OMG” . . . “I do believe in love at first sight, and honestly I feel I’ve known you for a long time”.