(L) – This story contains strong language.It been a two weeks since we married.  Our honeymoon had been two weeks of getting to know each other sexually.  All the limits we had put on ourselves before marriage were released within a hour of us saying our I Do’s.I had never had a husband—not even a serious boyfriend before Michael.  Somehow, living the life I lived, I had stayed a virgin.From the first time I saw my husband naked, touching and pressing our bodies against one another has been the most loving, erotic, and intoxicating experience of my life.  And once I felt the pure love and pleasure my husbands penis could bring me, I haven’t been able to keep my hands off it.Today was hard because it was the first time we were apart since our wedding.  Michael had to go back to work, and also had a meeting at the college with his professor advisor.While Michael went out, I stayed naked all day and explored the world of self pleasure.I got a text early in the evening from Michael, saying he would be home in a couple minutes.  I quickly freshened up and stood at the door, naked for my husband, my heart pounding.  My thoughts were filled with images of my husband’s hard, toned body, completely naked and sporting a hard cock.  I couldn’t wait to get my hand on it, my mouth wrapped around it, and my pussy filled with it.Michael stepped inside, and once he closed the door, I jumped against him, pressing my tiny body into his.  I pushed him against the door, stretched up on my tippy toes, and pulled his head down to kiss him deeply, full of lust and passion.I had butterflies in my belly as I pressed my hand against his hard cock under his slacks.  I quickly undid his pants and listened to his long, sexy moan.  Our kissing, lust and passion built as I stroked his cock, which became slippery with his leaking pre-cum.Michaels hands pushed between us, grabbed my large breasts, and pinched my nipples hard.  I shook and my knees wobbled.  I could feel my juices running down my legs as his breathing quickened.  I pulled away from him, smiled, and pulled him by his cock, leading him to our bed.I had him sit on the bed and undid his tie and shirt.  I started rubbing his toned chest and showering kisses all over his chest and belly, slowly moving lower until I was kneeling between his legs, staring at his cock.I smiled as I wrapped my hands around the base of his cock.  I took it fully into my mouth, sucking as I slid him in and out of my mouth, licking and working my tongue all over his cock.  I was in heaven giving my husband pleasure.His heartbeat and breathing quickened as I pulled my mouth off his cock.“Oh yesss, Ash… I’m—” is all he managed to say before his cock released.Rope after long rope of his cum shot out and splashed all over my hands and tits, as well as my face and his body.  I watched his eyes roll back and his mouth hang open, like he has seen mine both do many times.  It was exciting beyond my wildest dreams.  I giggled like a school girl as I continued stroking his cock until I got every drop of cum from him.This was my first time of what would be many more experiences, getting to watch him cum.  Seeing the love and pleasure I brought him made my eyes tear up.  I released his still-hard cock and climbed on his lap.“Oh fuck, baby,” he gasped.I leaned down and kiss him.  “I thought you might like that,” I whispered.I grabbed his cock and guided him into my pussy.  We both moaned out loud.  I sat straight up and started rocking and grinding back and forth on his beautiful cock.  I grabbed my big tits, and pinched my nipples, and lifted one to my mouth to start licking and sucking.Michael grabbed my hips and thrust up into me, meeting me with his powerful cock as his eyes stared at me, enjoying my tits.  I bit one of my nipples and gasped.“You’re driving me crazy,” he growled.“Mmmm, that’s the idea,” I said seductively.  I started bouncing up and down on his cock harder and faster.Michael’s body tensed and pushed his cock firmly deep into my pussy and collapsed back onto the bed, pulling me with him, keeping our naked bodies help tightly together.  He fell on his back, me on top of him, and his cock erupted again, shooting over and over into me.My pussy tingled and milked his cock, and soon, my own orgasm made my cum flow abundantly, mixing with his.  As we came together, I watched my handsome husband toss his head back and forth in orgasmic bliss.We stayed naked, wrapped in each other’s arms for a long time. Even though it was after the honeymoon, it felt like the intimacy and pleasure of the honeymoon would last for a very long time to come.