My husband was at work, and my baby was napping in her room. It was nearing ovulation for me, and I was missing my husband a lot. The area between my legs was nagging at me, begging for him, but what could I do when we work opposite schedules?That’s it, I decided. I can’t take this anymore. I went to my room for a solo session.It had been a while, I confess, that I’ve had to resort to such measures. My husband is remarkably good at catering to my sexual desires. My sex drive is quite high, I’ve come to understand, but his rises to the occasion and then some. The only thing preventing us from fulfilling our needs is how little time we get alone together, which has unfortunately dwindled since I got my second job.It was time to let my imagination fulfill my longing again.I start slowly petting myself over my panties and imagine for a moment that he is with me. And there he appears in my imaginary world, kissing me, on top of me in our bed.“You naughty girl,” he teases me. I imagine his fingers in place of mine.Wetness slowly seeps through the thin fabric of my panties, but I take my time enjoying my imaginary world.“Were you touching yourself? Here let me help,” I hear his voice say. I can almost feel him there with me. His fingers caress me and play with me over my panties. I can imagine what he feels like, what he smells like, and what he tastes like.I miss him. I am full of desire. If only he were here! I know he would love my body perfectly. I miss his touch. How I long for him when I only see him in passing. When will we get time alone when we are not exhausted?I know I am blessed to have him. I know I am blessed to know him. But I do miss him when I can’t seem to find time to be alone with him. I know that he would have no issue fulfilling my every desire if only we had the time and energy. For now, I’ll settle for the memory of it. I know I will get a chance soon enough. It feels silly, but I just can’t get enough of him.I can imagine how it felt the last time he went down on me. It makes me blush just remembering. Parting my legs, I can feel the weight of his torso between them, and his head in between my legs, right up next to my most sensitive parts.I always get worried that he isn’t enjoying himself, or that maybe I don’t taste good, but he assures me that he enjoys going down on me, and in fact he wishes I would let him do so more often! I get so easily embarrassed even now, but it’s such an amazing experience.When I let go of my worries, I can focus on the feelings. I can feel his hair grazing my thigh and in between my fingers as I stroke his hair. His tongue is soft and warm against my clit as he licks. It is just as emotional as it is physical. I know he is only focused on me in this moment. It’s beautiful how he is as dedicated to me as I am to him.My fingers are underneath the fabric now, in direct contact. My inner lips flare out like blooming flower petals, as my clit slowly firms. I take it in between my fingers and rub it that way it feels best. That way I can stimulate it from either side. I prefer it to direct contact.I rub it on both sides, lightly pinching it as the small pearl stands at attention. I feel the warmth of my desire grow between my legs as I replay a highlight reel of the sexiest and dirtiest sex I have had with him.[PP: RESUME EDITING FROM HERE]I remember how it feels when he is on top of me, passionately thrusting into me. I can see how it pleases him by his expression as I feel him filling me over and over again. I know what it feels like to cum on him in any position.I can’t help but feel more excited. My clit is greedy for more and I oblige, rubbing it faster as it nearly takes me over the edge. But I slow down a few times before the finish, enjoying and savoring my desire and building it. That way the release is more explosive.I find it fascinating how I can want something so much and yet hold off on it. I think it’s an exercise in delayed gratification. How my body reacts automatically and I find myself nearly pleading to let myself cum is certainly unique and intense.It’s time. I think of him inside of me again; specifically, that special moment where he decides it’s time to end things and make us both cum. He picks up my legs and starts thrusting as fast as he can.I bring myself over the edge this time. I feel the warmth spreading and pleasure coming from between my legs. It reaches a peak as my vagina contracts steadily, and I slow back down, yet still provide enough stimulation for myself and my greedy clit. It has been satisfied for now. I enjoy lightly tugging on my out-turned labia as I bask in the afterglow. It almost comforts me as I slowly return to my senses again.Even when I’m apart from him, I still get pleasure enough from what we’ve shared together, and he is now in this sacred and private space of mine as well. A space where no one else occupies my thoughts.Yes, my desire for him isonlyfor him. I don’t feel guilt now. I cum for him every time, even if I do it alone, until we are together again.