This is a fond memory from a couple of years ago when Kate was nearly eight months pregnant with our daughter.  While not the most over-the-top sexual adventure we ever had, it is still one of the more beautiful memories of our love life.It was a Sunday morning and the morning of my birthday.  It was nice that it happened to fall on a day off.  I wasn’t sure what all the day would entail, aside from church and Steeler football that afternoon, but I certainly intended to send an ample amount of my sperm into the depths of Kate’s stomach, to be sure.  She had become a cum-swallowing queen during her pregnancy, as it made for easy clean up and there was no need for it inside her as there was during our attempts to get pregnant.I moved to her and began caressing her body and very softly kissing the back of her neck.  I put my hands onto her massive, but beautiful, belly to see if I could feel our daughter being active.  I wondered what our biracial (Filipino-American) girl was going to look like and found myself lost in the bliss that comes with going through that special time as a couple.As Kate began to stir and become fully awake, removing the quilt to get up and pee, my eyes zeroed in on her magnificent breasts.  It is not like they had gone unnoticed prior or anything, but a moment of inspiration hit me.  Kate has probably the smallest breasts I have ever seen.  A wise man doesn’t marry based on breasts, and I married the best of the best, so I never gave the matter much thought.  I had always loved sucking on them to be sure, but was unbothered by her lack of quantity up top.  As expected, the pregnancy had, by this point, enlarged Kate’s boobs significantly.  She remarked about it several times, as she always was a little self-conscious about her small breasts, despite my assurances they were just fine.Kate then walked back from the bathroom to the bed and hoisted her enlarged body up on the bed, then wiggled her way into my awaiting embrace.  I cupped my left hand around her right breast and began lovingly massaging it.  We moved closer and began encircling our tongues together and savoring deep passionate kisses.  After withdrawing from our kiss, I sprung the idea that had just hit me.“My birthday starts right now,” I said, and she expressed the expected confusion at my comment.“We still have plenty of time before church.  I want to have booby sex.” I told her.I helped my confused but always willing wife from the bed and walked her over to the loveseat we have at the foot of our bed.  I was hoping it would work out the way I had quickly dreamt it up in my head.  I sat down on the loveseat, slouching with my ass way out on the edge.  Without saying anything, Kate did what she loves to do, dropping to her knees and taking my cock into her mouth.  She loves oral, both giving and certainly receiving, as do I.  As her loving attention to my dick began to result in a sufficient erection, I turned my focus to her beautiful tits.I pulled my cock from her mouth, had her lean forward and center it between her ample melons.  Pressing her lovely orbs together to encase my cock, my thumbs lightly rubbed her dark brown nipples and areolas.  Her saliva coated my cock and provided sufficient lubrication to begin my titty-fucking her, something we had never done before.Needing no instruction or experience, Kate positioned her head to take the head of my cock into her mouth with every upward thrust.  After all, the general rule is that, if my cock is in close proximity to her mouth, it must be a sign of destiny.The pressure and sensation felt great, such that I knew it would be sufficient to enable me to cum.  Kate’s mouth was minutes away from a nice warm, salty morning treat.My hands continued to feel the marvels of her preggo tits, loving the wonders this special time of life had provided.  Thrusting into the passage created by her squeezed, growing milk jugs for a few more minutes had me ready to deliver.“I’m going to cum, baby.  Take it from here,” I said to let her know her taste craving would be satisfied in short order.My groaning gasp let Kate know the moment had come for her to collect her reward as I began blasting ball butter into the back of her mouth.  As the pleasures of my involuntary spurting reach its conclusion, Kate applied pressure to my cock and began to milk out any remaining drops so every last sperm would be swimming in the depths of her stomach.“Birthday present for me?” she laughed and smiled after gulping down everything I had provided to her.I pulled her head into my chest and softly stoked her hair, before giving her soft sensual kisses.  As I helped her up to her feet, I slipped my hand below her pregnant belly and took a couple of minutes to play with her moist pussy.  It was time to get showered up and prepare for Sunday service, but I promised to thoroughly lick her sweet brown sponge cake and stuff my cock deep within.Ever a man of my word, I made good on that last promise later that day, licking Kate to orgasms, fucking her soon-dilated pussy, and feeding her a couple more helpings of my warm jism, along with getting a nice mouthful of those glorious tits.  Kate is the greatest blessing in my life, and I always gleefully indulge in the pleasures we provide each other.