It was a rainy Saturday afternoon, one of my favorite times. Besides the steady downpour, the weather was mild, and my wife and I enjoyed sitting on our screened porch and watching the rain fall in our yard and woods. Its positioning shelters our porch to the west, where the rain always comes from, so we rarely get rain blowing in on us while we are out there.We had started the day, while it was cool and before the rain arrived, with me doing yard work and my wife cleaning the house. When the rain began, we decided to take a break and enjoy the sights and sounds of a summer rainstorm. We were both feeling a bit frisky, so we made our plan.First, we spread some blankets on the porch floor, then hopped into the shower. The shower is always where things begin; it’s large with two shower heads. Joining me, my wife lathered my dick and balls to make sure they were clean and just to have some fun with me. Naturally, I got fully erect as she stroked my dick and caressed my balls, even washing my ass.Then, I took a turn cleaning her. I loved how her wet, soapy pussy felt—so soft and slippery. I used my soapy fingers to wash inside her lips and make sure her clit was kissably clean. I even checked to ensure her vagina was “in good shape,” and it was! Two of my fingers slid effortlessly into her. We each spent several minutes making sure the other was clean. We told each other we were doing this for hygienic reasons, but we both knew it was mainly for fun.Stepping out of the shower, we dried quickly. Then my wife grabbed my dick and led me to the porch. (I always follow her lead when she has a grip on my dick.)  Our porch is large and clad with dark screen wire. We can see out, but no one can see in. We lay on the blankets, completely naked, and listened to the beautiful rain on our metal roof.After a few minutes of enjoying the moment, my wife again reached for my dick, which was still quite hard. Then, rolling over, she moved her body down to put it in her mouth. Oh, the feeling was wonderful, and she always tells me how much she loves giving me oral. She licked, kissed, and sucked for a few minutes, all the while caressing my balls. For my part, I was enjoying the oral sensations and rubbing her back and butt as she pleasured me with her mouth.My wife stopped and moved up next to me, kissed my nipples a few times, then kissed me on the lips. For me, this was a fantasy coming true. I was outside in the pouring rain but protected from getting wet, completely naked with the woman I love, while she gave me all the sensual pleasures I could imagine.Gently, I pushed my wife onto her back. I kissed her lips, then her nipples, and worked my way down her body. She spread her legs far apart as if to offer me her vagina for the taking. I placed my hand squarely on her vulva and gently rubbed and squeezed its lips; they were still together at the time. I loved how her pussy lips felt as I ran my fingers up and down the slit. Then, using my middle finger, I slowly opened her and rubbed from her clit to her vagina. She was wet. I circled her clit several times before moving my finger down to insert it in her, and she moaned softly and squirmed a little.I got to my knees between her legs. This position gave me a spectacular view of my wife’s naked body, but my gaze was fixed on her pussy. Leaning over, I slowly slid my dick into her. She moaned, and so did I.  There was nothing fancy about our lovemaking; it was simple missionary sex, but that is what we usually like best. She lies on her back with her legs wide open, and I’m between them with my dick sliding effortlessly in and out of her. She grabs my butt cheeks and pulls me to her, and I squeeze and suck her breasts.It’s hard to describe how different it seemed that day, though: the adventure of having sex outside during a rainstorm, my dick slipping in and out of her, and being treated to the visual of her naked body.Soon it began to happen. The fantastic feeling of intercourse gave way to an even more incredible sensation of impending orgasm. I pumped my wife harder and harder, and she matched my thrusts with her hips. She was offering me her pussy and telling me to take it as hard as I pleased, which I did. At that moment, my dick fired with all its might. The orgasm was powerful, and by the amount of wetness I felt, my load must have been huge.When it was over, I just lay on top of her like a rag doll. I didn’t want to pull out; it felt too good to quit. But my dick began to soften, and the pressure of her vagina pushed it out, along with a good stream of fluids. We didn’t care. The wetness and afterglow felt so good. We could always clean ourselves and wash the blankets later.I softly slipped off into a peaceful sleep, listening to the rain and holding the love of my life in my arms. I was completely satisfied, not just sexually but with my life with this amazing woman.