It was sort of an accident, but then again, was it really?A trip took me 2400 miles from home, and on one of the nights away, I was talking to my wife on the phone, just the normal stuff: how was your day? Anything exciting happen? Etc. In telling me about her day, she gave a giggle I am not sure I have heard before, a smile/laugh/catch her breath sort of laugh. She said she had been looking for some specific pictures on our computer backup drive. She got lost in looking through it all and began watching some (innocent) movies of us, the kids, the family. Thank goodness she was alone when she opened the last one she watched!We have dabbled over the years in some home movies of the not-so-innocent type. I could have sworn I got rid of most of them, except the ones I know are in a very specific space. But this one hadn’t been moved or deleted. My wife was embarrassed at first, but I got her to tell me what she saw.“I was sitting on our bedroom couch with one of my lingerie teddies on, and you came and kneeled between my legs. You kissed and licked from my knee to between my legs and started licking me.”I asked what she did after watching it. Did she watch it again?She answered, “You know I did. It took my breath away.” So I asked her again to explain what she saw but in more detail this time.“I was sitting on our bedroom couch with one of my lingerie teddies on, and you came and kneeled between my legs. You asked if there was enough light, and I said, It’s dark but okay.” You kissed and licked your way from the inside of my knee to the side of my pussy. Then you licked all around the outside of my pussy lips before bringing your tongue straight up from my wet hole to my clit and back down again. I was trying to find the right angle and zoom in and out, but it was so hard to concentrate, watching your tongue devour my slit. It is one thing to feel you eating me out, but another to see AND feel you do it. It was only two minutes, so we didn’t get the part where I came on you.”“What happened next?” I asked her.“I watched it a few more times and got so horny and wet that I went and grabbed my dildo and fucked myself in the closet, all the while thinking of that tongue on my pussy. I came so hard, so fast.”“Oh, damn, babe. I wish I had been there to see that. Hearing you describe it has made me really hard.”“Then take that hard cock out and start way down below your balls like I do. Gently feel the skin and work your way up the shaft on the underside and to the tip. Now grab it and stroke it. Slowly, baby… I can hear you stroking it. I can hear your breath shuddering.”It felt so good to hear her tell me what to do, as if she were lying here with me. She tried to take a picture to send me, but the camera would not work while she was on the phone.“Call me back in five minutes,” I told her.I was now in a very playful mood, so I sent her a picture of my rock-hard dick standing at attention, throbbing for her next instruction. I also sent a short video of me jerking off. The thought of her watching me stroke was such a turn-on that pre-cum dripped down the side of my cock. But nothing prepared me for what came next.A text came with a video of my wife playing with her clit, taken from her point of view. With the bed sheets pushed to her knees, she gently rubbed her pussy with her middle finger. Just as if I were licking her pussy, she rubbed her fingers around her swollen lips, occasionally dropping her finger inside her slit and sliding it to the top of her clit.A few minutes passed before another text came—a picture of a dildo halfway into her pussy. I could tell she was pulling it out because her lips were wrapped tightly around that dildo, not wanting to let it go out. It turned me on so much that my jaw trembled. If I had touched my cock, it would have exploded.Another minute went by, and then another text came; this time, it was a video of that same dildo sliding in and out of my wife. She was fucking herself just like she likes me to fuck her. Slowly at first, with long strokes, her pussy lips grabbing the cock, not wanting to let it go, then faster and faster. I was mesmerized by her pussy hungrily taking that whole dildo. All my senses lit up: feeling my hand on my cock, seeing the video, and hearing the wet slaps and moans coming from her.Then my phone rang, and she asked playfully, “What did you think?”I told her, “I can’t stop staring and watching it and wanting to bend you over and fuck you until we both cum on each other.”“Lie back and listen,” she said. “The dildo is still in my pussy and feels so good. I am working it with my right hand and playing with my clit with my left hand. It is building up, baby. Will you cum with me? I am cumming so hard. Stroke that cock and cum with me.”I stroked it so hard that my body pulsated as I listened to her pleasure her wet pussy, moaning and breathing heavily while she orgasmed. Shot after shot of cum lept from my cock onto my stomach, my balls, and the sheets.We didn’t say a word for the next five minutes, just listened to our breathing slow down as satisfaction ran over our bodies. I wanted to hear her put that dildo in her mouth and suck the pussy juices off of it, but maybe that could be another story. I told her I love her, and we hung up.