(L) – This story contains strong language.After all of the joy of our wedding ceremony, after all the celebrations with family and friends, you finally find yourself alone with me, lying on our bed for the first time.  All of your thoughts turn to me as we deeply embrace.  Your mind slows, and captures every glorious moment…Your breath catches in your throat as you feel your underwear being pulled down, sliding off you as you let me gaze upon your tight, virgin slit.  You stare at my rod, growing large and hovering over you, with nothing standing between your tight, sweet, unbroken entrance and my pulsing, hard dick with its swollen red head.  You marvel that this moment, which you’ve imagined for so long, is finally happening; our first time together.  Part of you worries that you still aren’t prepared.  Another part is eager for this to happen immediately! Yet another part wishes to be frozen in this moment of anticipation forever.  And still another part is surprisingly nervous at the reality of losing your innocence.You see my rock hard shaft slowly move down towards your untouched crotch, and you are amazed that my cock could possibly have grown so large; so much thicker than you thought it would be.  You are unsure how it could possibly fit inside your tight cunt, but you don’t stop me.  At the same time, you are flush with nervous excitement to learn what it will feel like to have my shaft break open your sealed pussy for the first time; whether it will hurt you or unlock tremendous pleasure.You involuntarily tense up and then quickly relax as you first feel my burning-hot, hard cock press along your swollen pussy lips and begin rubbing against your tight kitty, grinding up and down along your quivering mound, making both your slit and my rod glisten with the wetness ofyour sweet cream.  You nervously smile as I moan in your ear, feeling your warmth against my swollen head.You shut your eyes and let out a small gasp as you feel me shift my movements to slide my steely rod with its swollen head down lower, aiming at your closed hole.  You sigh as you first feel it touch your moist, virginal entrance.  My tip rubs and then slowly separates your swollen and lubricated lips for the first time, and they tightly envelop and embrace the tip of my head.  Time stops for you as I begin to slowly press my cock into your unbelievably tight pussy for the first time.My swollen tip begins to slide inside you, then completely spreads you open to accept my thick rod, splitting you apart to enter your tight hole.  I pause for a moment before pushing against your hymen.  As it stretched and tears, your nails scratch into my back, and you worry you might not be able to continue because of the pain.  We pause for a moment, with just my head through your entrance, and we lovingly kiss as a single tear streams down your cheek.As the pain begins to recede, you nod and smile at me, allowing me to continue.  You are lost in a strange and beautiful blend of feelings.  Your tight pussy is being forcefully stretched to take in my shaft as my length continues to penetrate deeper into your virginal hole.  Your walls squeeze tightly around me as I go deeper than you ever imagined you could take.  Your cunt clamps hard against my head, milking it with your tightness as I give my first full thrust into your small, wet slit.  You smile again as I moan with pleasure.As I continue pressing into you, lost in my own pleasure, your mind captures your own feelings.  You marvel at the mix of pain and pleasure of feeling a hot, pulsing, hard rod push fully inside you for the first time.  Your dripping-wet pussy stretches wide as it feels a guy’s dick rubbing inside its untouched walls.You realize you are in the midst of losing your virginity—that you really are being deeply and completely fucked by my hard, thick, throbbing shaft.As I slowly pull back, relieving the pressure, you wonder if it is over, then you suddenly feel totally full as I push in again, sliding in and out, ramming into you slowly at first, then gradually faster.  Again and again.  Over and over.  Harder, faster, and deeper.You gasp as my rock-hard rod continues to repeatedly force you apart and loosens your tight, dripping hole.  The initial pain has now subsided completely, replaced with the pleasure of my head rubbing your tight, wet insides.  Your cunt is leaking your juices on my shaft.You gasp as my dick enters you fully, and my balls press hard against your pussy lips.  My entire rod swells even larger than before, and I moan as my climax surges over me.  My cock twitches and shakes, and you feel my pulsing jets of hot cum release deep inside your now fully-fucked pussy, which has been opened wide for the first time.You lie back, lost in your thoughts as you shudder with pleasure; no longer a virgin, but now a woman who knows the feeling of a hard cock ramming into you, splitting your pussy wide open. and unleashing a load of sticky white cum deep inside your cunt.  You smile at the knowledge that you’ve been forcefully stretched and deeply fucked by my cock.As my dick begins to shrink and pull out of you, your well-used pussy aches with emptiness after its first experience of being fucked and filled with my thick, long, hot hardness.You stare at my soft dick, look down to see my cum leaking out of your hot cunt, and then run a finger through it and along your wet and swollen lips.  You smile as you look into my eyes and sensually bring your wet finger to your lips, tentatively tasting my hot jizz mixed with your cream.You’re a little surprised to find that you can’t wait for my cock to grow hard again—to once more be deeply screwed by your husband and feel my throbbing rod shoot another sticky load of sweet cum deep in your aching, hungry, well-fucked pussy.