Don’t forget toread Part 1.The sleek black dress accentuated her figure and gorgeous legs as she grinned as she walked back toward me. After she flashed me here at the restaurant, she moved to sit next to me behind the table. Feeling even more playful, she lightly stroked the back of my neck, and it sent a warm sensation through my shoulders. As she sat next to me, I kissed her wrist, teasing it with the tip of my tongue. (By the way, perfume tastes different than it smells, ha-ha-ha!)We flirted with suggestive phrases and touches, building our anticipation for the evening. Slowly, we enjoyed our strawberry shortcake, but our minds were on tasting the real dessert that we looked forward to.  She took a small piece of fruit and put it in my mouth while reaching over to massage my bulge. A smile, a seductive gaze, and instantly, my erection intensified.Then, I was pleasantly surprised as she took my left hand and put it on her bare legs, not caring that someone might see! It excited me even more. She opened them slightly, inviting me to explore her warm skin. Oblivious to any possible voyeur’s eyes, I explored her soft thighs, moving my hand higher to brush against her sheer panties. I could feel her heat as she pushed herself against my probing finger.Soon, I felt more moistening in her panties, and she quietly said, “Take me home, honey, or I’m gonna cum right here! And you know how loud I can get!”So we collected ourselves, settled the check, and made our way to the car. Walking just behind her, I watched the outline of her butt through her sleek dress. Her shapely legs in 4″ heels made my heart pound. I imagined licking from her ankles all the way up!Outside, the warm Spring evening felt refreshing. When we reached our car, I took her by the shoulders, pinned her against the door, and French kissed her aggressively! She responded in kind as I move my hands up her dress to embrace her firm buns. I wanted to rip her panties off, bend her over, and drill her from behind right there in the parking area! I wanted to hear her moan as I penetrate her deeply. But we were not quite that bold… yet!So we worked our way into the car, and as I drove out of the parking lot, she unzipped my pants and wrestled out my rock-hard dick. Flipping her hair to one side, she let her mouth devour me as I eagerly enjoyed her skills. Her dress rode up, and I massaged her exposed lower body; the sensual image became etched in my memory. Then I moved my hand under her panties, grazing her rosebud, and she flinched. But I found her moistened flower, and as my finger slid inside her, she moaned her approval.Several times, I warned her of my building climax, and she lifted up to shower my neck with kisses, giving me a chance to settle down a bit. As we drove home, our hands explored all parts of our bodies, and the car filled with the aroma of her juices.Eventually, we neared home, so we tried to settle ourselves, laughing at our adventure so far. As the garage door closed, she led me into the hall, where we ravished each other’s mouths with French kisses again.Pushing us apart, she asked me to wait there for her surprise.To be continued.