This post contains strong language (L).Recently, I was cleaning the clutter in our living room, and I came across a small album of photographs we had professionally done while Lucy was pregnant with our first child. Sifting through them and seeing how young we were and how radiant Lucy was (her cotton sundress stretched tight across her full belly) brought to mind a special erotic moment from that time.Lucy had had a difficult pregnancy for most of her first two trimesters, suffering from terrible nausea the entire time. It got so bad that, at one point, she needed to be hospitalized. Luckily she and the baby came through fine. Toward the end of her term, she began feeling stronger.As I watched her grow, I found myself growing increasingly turned on by my pregnant wife. You other dads might know the feeling. The way she carried her pregnancy, the way her hips swayed when she walked, the way her normally petite breasts became full… If you saw Lucy from behind, you could hardly tell she was pregnant, but from the front, her belly swelled straight out, and her tits strained against her bras. I would get excited just watching her, but in her debilitated condition, sex was out of the question. I felt guilty, but I’ll admit that I took care of myself quite a bit during those first months.Once Lucy started feeling better, I thought that there might be a possibility that we could explore each other again. But I wasn’t sure—would Lucy balk at the idea of pregnancy sex? Was she still feeling nauseous? I decided not to push it.Sometime midway through her third trimester, Lucy and I were lying in bed on a lazy Saturday morning. We were both wearing sweats and t-shirts. Lucy was on her back, rubbing her belly. She grimaced.“My back is killing me,” she said.“Turn on your side,” I told her. “I’ll rub it for you.”Lucy managed to flip over onto her side (a somewhat difficult undertaking) and I moved into position behind her. I put my hands under her shirt and pressed gently on her lower back.“Yikes,” she squealed. “Cold hands!”“Sorry.” I rubbed my palms together, then reached back under her t-shirt and started to rub her shoulders. Lucy tilted her head forward so I could massage the nape of her neck. After a few minutes, she shifted to her side.“The soreness is lower down,” she said.I moved my hands slowly down her back, softly massaging either side of her spine as I worked towards her hips. Every so often, I reached around to gently graze her full breasts, naked under her shirt. She squirmed.“Oh…” she whispered.I took my left hand and rubbed the smooth, taut expanse of her belly. Her skin was smooth, like alabaster.“Go lower,” she said again.I brought both hands to her lower back and pressed on the oblique muscles above her hips. She breathed deep.“Right there,” she sighed. “Again, please.”I massaged her lower back, occasionally reaching under the elastic of her sweatpants to rub and squeeze the upper part of her ass.By this time my cock was rock hard, creating a stiff tent in my sweats. I wasn’t sure how Lucy would react, so I kept my hips away from hers.Soon Lucy started to shift again. “This feels so good, but you aren’t able to reach my right side fully,” she said. “Maybe if I shift to my hands and knees, you can get a better grip.”She rotated and pushed herself up on her elbows, a look of pained concentration on her face. Once in that position, her belly reached the bed. I sat behind her, my arms stretched around her hips, methodically massaging her lower back.Her ass looked incredible in the black sweatpants. I rubbed my hands across it. Lucy looked back at me over her shoulder.“What are you doing?”“You look so beautiful,” I said.“Shut up,” she said. “I look terrible.”“What are you talking about?” I said, pressing one hand against her lower back and caressing her ass cheeks with the other. “You look fucking incredible. I’ve been fantasizing about you constantly.”“Really?”“Of course! You are my beautiful wife. We have created this incredible life together. I am so sorry it has been such a hard pregnancy for you, but I have never stopped lusting after you.”Lucy’s hips started moving slowly in time to my caresses. “I thought I was an ugly sick thing.”I leaned over and pushed my hips against her, my hard cock pressed against her ass. “You think I think you’re ugly?” I asked.Lucy sighed. “No,” she said. “I’ve just missed you and haven’t known how to deal with the lack of sex.”“I totally get it,” I said. “It’s pretty easy for me.”She dropped her head to the pillow. “I’ve taken care of business a few times, too.”“Really?”“Yes. In the bath, mostly. Where the weight’s not as uncomfortable.”“What do you think about?”“I fantasize about you taking me.”I sat up on my knees and pushed Lucy’s t-shirt up to her shoulders. Then I kissed the back of her neck and all the way down her back.Lucy sighed contentedly. Her hips began to rotate slowly.I gripped the waistband of her sweats at both hips. “Should we do this?” I asked her.She didn’t answer — she just arched her back and pushed her ass toward me.I peeled off her sweats and panties together, showing her milky white ass, lovely rosebud, and moist pussy.Lucy’s hand reached around her belly to play with herself.I pulled off my pants, then stroked Lucy’s pussy to get some lubrication. I rubbed my cock with her juices. She was breathing hard.“Fill me up,” she commanded. “I want your cock.”I guided my tip into her waiting softness; then, with both hands firmly on her hips, I entered her completely.“Oooooh!!” Lucy moaned. I began pumping, slowly at first, then faster as we got into a rhythm. Lucy was up on her elbows, pushing her ass and pussy back into me. She started grunting in pleasure. I did, too. We embraced the animalistic pleasure of our coupling. It was passionate and primal.I reached underneath her shirt to fondle her full tits that swayed as she rocked, playing with first one and then the other.“Pinch my nipples,” Lucy said. “Hard.” I squeezed them, and she gasped. “My pussy’s so tight,” she said. “Can you feel it?”“Oh, baby, your pussy feels so good. Your tight cunt’s like a warm glove.”“I’ve missed that dirty talk,” she moaned.My cock had never felt so stiff. I pulled most of the way out, then pushed back in until I was deep inside her.Lucy was playing with herself, frantically fingering her clit. Her belly swayed back and forth while we fucked.A few minutes later, her thighs started to shake, and she buried her face into the pillow. “Oh, I’m coming,” she moaned.I kept my rhythm as she came, feeling her pussy walls grip my cock. I wasn’t ready to come quite yet.Lucy looked back over her shoulder. Beads of sweat dotted her forehead. “Pull out for a second and rest your cock on my ass,” she told me.I pulled out of her and pushed against her ass, squeezing her cheeks around my length. I slowly moved my cock back and forth across her ass cheeks.She shivered. “Oh my goodness,” she said.“I want to come inside you,” I said, and Lucy’s quick nod was all I needed.Still in the doggy position, I pushed myself back deep inside her pussy. I leaned across her — careful not to put too much of my weight on her but pressing my chest gently against her arched back. Our hips were thrusting in synchronization. I grabbed the front of Lucy’s thighs as I felt my cock deep inside her. Her belly rippled with each push.“Oh, please cum inside me,” she begged, and with a final thrust into her warm folds, I filled her deep with my seed.We collapsed on the bed, spent and sated, full of deep love for each other, always. Lucy turned to me and smiled, then closed her eyes in pure relaxation.