Note from author:I’d said a while ago that I was working on several age-gap stories, and I finally finished one! Age-gap romances are especially sweet to me.  I hope to experience one myself, if God wills it.It was early spring of 1955.  Annaliese was cleaning her way through the house, starting at the rear and working her way forward.  Miss McCallister had left an hour before; Annaliese liked the cheery sixty-year-old housekeeper.  Coming to work for her—or rather with her since they were both employed by the absent Dr. Cordell—had been one of Annaliese’s best decisions.  Miss McCallister had some rheumatoid arthritis, which made housework difficult.  She met Annaliese Barker at a church function and spoke of wanting to hire some help.  Since Annaliese was interested, the lady offered her the job in her employer’s name.  So for the last five months, Annaliese had taken over the more rigorous of the housekeeper’s duties.Part of the draw for Annaliese was the fact that she’d never met her employer.  Miss McCallister talked about him and said he was a good Christian man, a doctor, and an amiable person to work for.  He was a widower in his late forties and had no immediate family.  At present, he was in Europe attending medical conventions.  Miss McCallister said he was a very smart man, always digging up interesting discoveries and combining the most natural approach with modern techniques in his vocation.Right now Annaliese, or Liese, as she was called for short, was stationed in the living room.  Besides being airy and very invitingly furnished, it boasted a glorious mahogany grand piano situated in the bright natural light flooding through a huge picture window.  Liese wanted to play it.  She was a musician and a good one.  But she wasn’t sure if she should, and she’d forgotten to ask Miss McCallister if it was all right.She was humming.  Over by the cold hearth, an aging pure-black German shepherd snoozed on a cushion.  His ears twitched at Liese’s tune.  He raised his head when she neared his spot and enjoyed her riffling of his ears.“Good boy.  You’re a swell fella, you know that?” Liese declared brightly.  “Too bad your master isn’t here much.  I guess you miss him, don’t you, Holmes old boy?”The dog merely wagged his tail.That was something else Liese enjoyed about this job: Holmes.  The black dog had served beside his master during WWII, and, though in his final years, continued to act as companion to the doctor and guard dog while he was away.  Liese appreciated the time she got to spend with the animal.Again she was near the piano.I wonder if Dr. Cordell plays,she mused, dusting the top and the rack.All the books and lovely paintings… he seems like someone who would go for the arts.  I think I saw some sheet music on one of the library shelves.The magnetism of a beautiful piano is difficult for a player to resist.  Vowing to be as cautious as possible in order not to harm the instrument, Liese opened it and sat down on the bench.  She sat still for a few seconds, throwing a comical glance at Holmes.  The dog was watching her with his head cocked to the side as if asking, “What in the world are you doing?”Liese laughed.  Then she ran her fingers over the keys in a delicate pattern and brought a song to life.  The sounds only grew more enchanting when she added her voice and sang.  It was a Gershwin piece, “Our Love is Here to Stay”.Her mind wandered dreamily as she crooned the romantic lyrics.  She wanted so much to be able to sing this to someone someday.  She was twenty-six and single.  Oh, she wasn’t going to complain; God had mapped out her life, and she was contented to follow in the way He led her.  Still, she felt ready for the love and companionship of a good man.  The fellows she knew weren’t exactly the type she was looking for.  Too few cherished the pure ambitions of serving others and living a life that radiated the love of Christ.  If there was one thing she desired in her life, it was showing people the kindness and the service of an enthusiastic Christ-follower.  Was there a man out there who felt the same way in his chosen profession?A few more tender, drawn-out chords, ripe with the richness of jazz, and her throat spilled out the long, softly-fading final note. She removed her foot from the pedal so the last vestige of the music was silenced.And a crisp clapping broke the silence.Liese jumped and looked around.  A man was stepping in, applauding appreciatively.“Oh! I didn’t know… anyone was here!” she gasped, laughing in confusion.“I’m sorry.  That was just so beautiful,” the gentleman praised.“Thank you.”  Liese hurried to stand up.  She was flustered, but not so much that she didn’t note the dark tan and steel-haired good looks of the stranger.  “I’m not sure if I’m allowed to play this or not, but I couldn’t help it.”“You’re welcome to play anytime you want,” he stated.  At her puzzled look, he added, “I’m Dr. Cordell.”“Oh!” Her eyebrows popped up.  Yet she should have guessed it.  Holmes had sprung up and raced to his master to receive the long-missed petting and stroking.“Hiya, Holmes! Good boy! And you are…” Dr. Cordell looked up at Liese.“I’m Annaliese Barker.”“That’s right! Miss McCallister told me about you.  She says you do very good work around here.  And from the appearance of things, I agree with her.”  Dr. Cordell had a rich, crystal-clear bass voice that would have done honor to radio roles.  Liese liked it.  So far, she liked him.  “My house is usually quite dreary.  You’ve made it cheerful.”“It’s something I enjoy,” Liese explained.  “And… I apologize again.  For playing the piano.”“I’ll forgive you on one condition,” Dr. Cordell rejoined with a funny air of pretend slyness.  “You play something else.”Surprised, Liese smiled and resumed the bench.  “Do you have a request?”“You were playing Gershwin.  He’s a favorite of mine.  Can you do… I might stump you with this one,” he warned.“Fire away,” she grinned.“‘Fascinatin’ Rhythm’?”Liese twisted her lips humorously, then set her fingers on the keys.  “You picked the hardest one in the book, but I’ll try.”  And she tapped out a lively rendition.Dr. Cordell stood beside her, not too close, Holmes sitting proudly beside him and occasionally nudging and licking the doctor’s fingers.  Liese felt a bit self-conscious, knowing Dr. Cordell was watching her fingers.  He moved forward a bit so he could lean against the piano and enjoy the performance more comfortably.Liese allowed herself a few glances, accompanied by a small showman’s smile, and picked up the general appearance and bearing of her hitherto unseen employer.  The most outstanding feature was the kind, almost sad warmth of his dark brown eyes.  If someone had wanted to epitomize the ‘fatherly’ look, he would only have needed a picture of the face of Dr. Lou Cordell.After that, Liese hoped she would see more of him.  And her hopes were realized.  He was settling back into his practice, which flourished due to the number of wounded Korean War veterans in this town needing care for their injuries.  Dr. Cordell would come home from his office to have lunch, which Miss McCallister always had ready, and on the days when Liese was there, he gave her a kind hello.The fact of his being a widower never deserted Liese.  It instigated her to more sympathy since she could read the loneliness in his face as well as in his house.  Yet she didn’t seriously think that he was actually attracted to her.  She had no idea that Miss McCallister had, with the keenness of an experienced woman, noted the interest Dr. Cordell had in the young woman working for him, and with the silent hope that maybe the good man would find happiness again, arranged it so that Liese came more often.There was never anything inappropriate or awkward.  Miss McCallister was always in the house when the doctor was expected, so Liese wouldn’t face the uncomfortable situation of being alone in the house with a man.  But proprieties and boundaries are not obstacles to love; rather they are helpers, at least to those who want to go about romance in an honorable manner.Dr. Cordell was such a man.  From the moment he heard the soft sound of a piano and a girl singing in his home and paused at the living room door to watch her finish her song, he knew he’d stumbled on a rare woman.  She was gracious and so diligent, not to mention beautiful in the general way of the female species.  The conversations they had (and such conversations occurred more frequently, especially when he began attending her family’s church and visiting the Barker home for Sunday lunch) revealed her solid faith.  Her words were never unkind, never down-putting.  And her smile glowed so much that it seemed a permanent facial feature.For a man who had known the joy, the fullness, the indescribable intimacy of marriage and then lost it and lived for six years in a world of grief and slow healing, a second chance thrilled him.  He was the type, he knew, that was meant to be married.  God had led him very clearly the first time.  Maybe that was why losing his wife to tuberculosis had broken him so deeply.  He didn’t understand it for a long while.  Now, it was starting to make sense.  There might be another help meet for him.But one major thing loomed up: Liese was twenty-six; he was forty-eight.  Twenty-two years her senior, the wry thought struck him that he could easily be her father.  And he had no idea what her thoughts on the subject were.  Some girls liked older men.  Of course, some were gold diggers, but Liese wasn’t.  The question was how to find out if he had any chance.If only he could read minds! He would have seen the change in her heart as time went on.  Over the next four or five months, whenever they came in contact, Liese felt her compassion warming into something deeper.  She wasn’t thinking of him anymore as a distinguished doctor, but rather as a kind, Godly man who was very similar to her in character and personality.  Friendship seemed inadequate, a paltry offering for a man who was so alone.Wisely, Liese went to her mother, then to both parents, with her secret.  She didn’t want to jump to conclusions or force open a door God was keeping shut.  They counseled her and turned to the Bible.  Running after her Savior was her first priority; she must do more to learn about Him.  Her time talking with Him and reading His words lengthened every morning.  She opened her heart to Him, confessing her love for Dr. Cordell and pleading for the right course to take.God works behind the scenes, and in this case, He moved Dr. Cordell to talk to Mr. Barker.  The doctor was frank, though understandably nervous.  He figured Liese’s father would be quite justified if he threw this presuming middle-aged suitor out the door.  After all, Mr. Barker probably wanted some good-looking young chap to marry his daughter.To Cordell’s surprise, Mr. Barker was very cordial and explained that Liese had feelings about this too.  Dr. Cordell asked permission to court Liese, and Mr. Barker gave it on the condition that Liese agreed.  She did.A month of visits followed, with long discussions on every topic imaginable and the exchange of little gifts. And then one July evening, Dr. Cordell asked Liese to go for a walk with him.It was almost Independence Day, very hot and humid.  Liese was in a sleeveless light blue dress, shirred at the waist in a very curve-flattering fashion, and low white heels.  Her soft hair was a bit fuzzy from the dampness but maintained its style, curling over her shoulders.  Lou Cordell wore a white shirt and slate-colored slacks, his shoes a shiny black, his wristwatch silver.  Neither of them said much as they wandered along.  Lou’s house was near the river, and they ambled towards the sloping bank, drinking in the evening glow of sun through the lush green trees.Liese had a feeling she knew what was coming.  Her suitor was taking her alone on a walk.  Maybe he was going to… and she blushed in excited anticipation.  Her heartbeat was a little thicker, typical of someone who’s nervous.  She didn’t know that Lou’s was beating just as hard.He kept throwing glances at her, glances of admiration, gratitude, and some doubt.  After all, why would this lovely woman want him? He was so much older than she was! But he had made the decision that tonight he was going to ask the big question.They were standing silently, looking out at the water, amused when a speedboat full of teenagers flew by.  Liese felt like maybe she should say something.  Besides some generic remarks about “how lovely the lake was” and “how pretty the sky would be once the sun set”, she and he both had been quiet.So, that being the only thing she could think of, she said, “I don’t mean to be so close-mouthed,” with a slight smile and a rose hint flushing her cheeks.Lou looked at her, his jaw muscles going taut and loose by turns, and said suddenly, “If only you knew how much I wanted to kiss that mouth… but I want you to belong to me before I do.”She started, eyelids stretching wide.  She wasn’t expecting something so blunt.Gaining some control, he took her hands and knelt down before her on one knee.  “I love you, Annaliese.  Will you marry me?” His voice was unsteady, yet those tender dark eyes gazed up at her with pleading, with longing.Joy washed through her.  Her face broke into that lovely smile.  Nodding, trying to keep from getting teary, she answered, “Yes… yes!”Staying true to his words, he didn’t kiss her then, knowing she would rather wait for the wedding.  But he stood up and took her in his arms and they embraced.A week later, they got married.  It was just the two of them, her family, Miss McCallister, and the pastor.  Then they climbed into Lou’s car, which sat outside the church, extravagantly decorated by Liese’s mischievous brothers, and the new couple drove away amid the goodbyes and tears and smiles of the witnesses.The plan was to go to a little coastal town about an hour away where Lou had rented a beach villa for a week.  Feeling so womanly in her wedding gown and snuggled up on the long leather seat next to Lou, Liese realized she was married, and he was her husband.“Are you happy, darling?” she asked, raising her eyes adoringly to his face.“Very happy, and still overwhelmed,” he admitted.  He only allowed himself short glances at her since he needed to keep his eye on the road.  “It… seems like a dream.  I mean, that a sweet, beautiful woman like you would marry a middle-aged man.”“I think forties and fifties are the prime.  And I’ve always wanted an older man,” Liese smiled archly.  “Just ask my family.  And I think everything about you is so… handsome…” she kissed his ear, “…and distinguished, and mature, and… and sexy.”He threw her a surprised look, and she blushed.  Then he smiled.  “I like that,” was all he said.  Yet he dropped one hand from the steering wheel onto her thigh and gently squeezed.Her hands were both twined around his right arm, and his touch sent a thrill through her.  She wanted to reciprocate.  So, slowly, nervously, she reached out and just brushed the front of his trousers.  He started, glancing at her with a bright flash in his eyes.Again she stroked him, more deliberately.  She felt him squirm a little in the seat.“Liese, don’t,” he said huskily.  “Not while I’m driving.”A little smile played with her lips.  Suddenly a new power had been placed in her hands, a power that made a man want her, that aroused him for her alone.  She touched him a third time, noting the hardening ridge of his manhood.  The response was the same.  He was tense, his eyes darting to look at her against his better judgment.  His clutch of her thigh tightened.Nuzzling at his ear and neck, she whispered in her most seductive voice, “I love you, and I can’t wait to be a part of you.”That did it.  Abruptly he pulled off the road and cut the motor, then turned and caught her in his arms and kissed her.  Kissed her hotly, passionately.  Liese thought she might pass out.  The overflow of deliciousness was too much.Her hands clutched the back of his neck, straying up into his hair and stroking down his back.  She wanted to get as close as possible to him, to melt into him.  He wanted it too, pressing himself against her and groping every available inch of her slim body.For minutes they were consumed in this wild motion, as if starved for one another.  The old rush of desire was coming back to Lou, a bit rusty from disuse but still strong in his being, while Liese felt herself throbbing, electrified with a million strange sensations and a gnawing thirst in her loins for the man kissing her.  The garden of her womanhood was damp, the sign of her arousal, and the scent floated through the confines of the car and into Lou’s nostrils, making him more frenzied.“Liese, I want you. I love you. You’re so lovely, so sweet,” he grunted between deep kisses on her lips and throat and jawline.“Yes, Lou, yes. I love you, I love you,” she answered.  She felt so hot, so sweaty all of a sudden.  If only she could get out of this dress…Goosebumps dotted her skin when Lou’s fingers stole up under her skirt.  But her nylons and underthings were in the way.  Lou pulled back, though with an obvious struggle, and touching his fingers to her lips, whispered, “Darling, I want to… do it right for your first time.  I’d love it right here, right now, but it’s a little cramped.  Let’s get to our place, okay?”The brief dismay she’d felt when he drew away his lips vanished, and she nodded.  “Yes! Hurry.”He hurried.They pulled up the short driveway of the beachhouse, which sat practically on the dunes.  It was dark, but the porch lights were on, welcoming them.  With quick movements, Lou got out, ran around to open Liese’s door, and helped her out.  He fetched their luggage—two bags—from the trunk and took her hand.“What a pretty place!” she noted.  “And that ocean breeze!”Lou stopped.  “You’re right.  Let’s enjoy it for a second.  No need to race through these moments.”  He looked at her.  “I like how the wind does that to your hair.”A tender light warmed her eyes.  “Thank you.”  Millions of words bloomed in her brain, yet there was no way to speak them all.  So she stepped close and clasped her hands around his neck, and put her lips to his.  He folded her against him immediately.  Time and setting faded as they stood pressed together, drowning in the rapture of the kiss, the soft glow of the porch lights illuminating them, the vague crash of waves in the distance, the wind across the sea grasses.“It’s just so hard to grasp!” Liese whispered when they finally separated.  “I mean, this! That I’m with you, married to you, having my own beloved man to touch and kiss whenever I want… I waited so long.”“I thank the Lord that you did,” Lou declared.  “It just never really occurred to me… that I’d find someone else and feel all this again.”“What do you feel?” she asked softly, drawing close again so her lips were near his.“It’s like… fire,” he answered back, eyes transfixed on her mouth.“Burning you, making you crazy?”“Yes.”“I feel it too.”“Do you really want me that much?” was his deep-spoken query.“So much I might burst.  Do you want me?”“I’m dying for want of you.”  And with that simple statement, he drew her to the house.In the sitting room, he picked her up and carried her up the stairs to a simple, lovely suite.  Very gently he let her down, and for a moment they stood, taking in the room, the presence of each other, and the knowledge of what this night was to bring.To her own surprise, Liese felt no nervousness.  Her excitement for this moment trumped everything else.  The long wait for her wedding night was over, and she could now be free and romantic with a man.  It seemed like every cell, every impulse in her body wanted him.She faced him and, reaching out, untied his tie and pulled it off.  Then she helped him out of his suitcoat and vest.  Neither spoke, only looked, and the look was deep, hungry, enthralling.One by one she slid the buttons of his shirt from the buttonholes.  She held his eyes with hers as she opened his shirt and rubbed her hands sensually over his bare chest.  The catch of his breath caught her ear and filled her with satisfaction.  Just having her husband standing here, half-undressed and warm to her touch, was erotic in itself.  Yet there was so much more.  First, she bent close and kissed his pectorals, using her lips to knead the hard muscular flesh.  Lou groaned and placed his hands on her waist.  Then raising her eyes to his, she whispered in a soft, womanly way, “Help me take my dress off.”A few seconds passed in which he just held her eyes with his, intense, tender. Then he methodically turned her so her back was to him and he could undo the buttons.  The dress fell from her shoulders, revealing her white bra.  He assisted her in pulling it down and stepping out of it.  She faced him and stood there, lovely in her white lacy underwear and satin heels, her beautiful shining hair smooth on her shoulders.  Lou could only gaze for a long time.“I can’t believe you’re this beautiful, this… glorious,” he murmured, his tone almost hoarse.“Keep going, Lou,” she encouraged him.He reached around and unclipped the bra.  Liese kept her eyes fixed on his face, hungry to see his expression when her breasts were bared for him.  The look in his eyes, the tensing of the muscles of his jaws, the parting of his lips, all spoke the intoxication he was feeling.  For a few moments, he could only stand dumbly, his hands gently cupping the luxurious globes of womanly flesh.With deliberation, she slipped off one shoe, then the other, and bent to roll down her nylons.  Lou unbuckled his belt and stripped it from the beltloops.  But neither could hold back.  He touched her arms as she straightened, and she darted close to press herself against him.“Oh darling, darling Lou! I love you so much it hurts,” Liese murmured, rubbing her cheek against his.He let his lips stray over her neck.  “Same here.  I think I’ll burst with this love and… how could God be this good to me, giving me such a heavenly woman?” and he found her mouth again and covered it with his.She moaned and sighed, melting as she realized over and over that she was with him.  Her dreams were coming true.  A good man with all his strength and tenderness and handsomeness was clasping her in his arms, enveloping her in his power and desire.A little stumblingly, they had moved towards the bed, and Liese gently forced him down.  Now that he was on his back, she half-climbed over him and kissed him as if dying for his lips.  His hands stroked her nude back and her thinly clothed buttocks.“I want you,” he said at length.  “I can’t wait another second.”She lapped at his jawline.  “I don’t want to wait.  Let’s do it.  Let’s do it… all night.”“Baby, remember, I’m not… as young as you are,” he reminded her.  He was trying to sit up.“That’s all right,” she smiled, rising also and touching his lips with her fingers.  “I just want to be with you, feel your body.”“Then I’m satisfactory?” he asked with a small grin.She studied his bare chest for a second, her eyes humorously squinted.  “Take the rest of your clothes off.”He obeyed and in a minute was standing there naked.Liese moved her eyes downward to the part of him she’d been waiting so long to see.  He was a fair size and becoming hard.  The muscles chiseled around his abdomen only enhanced the allure of the picture.  For a man of forty-eight, he was certainly a stud.When she didn’t make any movement, Lou took a step her way.  His shaft swung a little.  “Baby, just the way you look at me… come here.”“One second.”  She peeled off her underwear, the last obstacle between his touch and her skin, and then came to him.“Oh God,” Lou couldn’t help exclaiming as their bodies met and her soft breasts squashed into his pecs.“Hold me, Lou.  Touch me, take me,” Liese requested, lightly kissing his neck as she wrapped her arms around him.He did, subconsciously gyrating his hips against hers.  She moaned.  The feeling was glorious.  They climbed into the bed and spent the next minutes in eager exploration of each other.  Liese couldn’t believe how wonderful this all was.  Every touch of Lou’s fingers and lips on her skin made her shiver.  There was no shyness.  She felt strangely bold and reached out to caress Lou’s warm shaft.  A little growl escaped his throat at her touch.“Baby, slow!” he warned.  “I’ll lose it if you overwhelm me like that.”“Sorry,” she grinned, welcoming his mouth for more deep, wet kisses.  Lightly, she traced his heavy balls.  “How’s that?”“Oh baby, you’re killing me,” he groaned, his head falling back.  “It feels grand.”In spite of his maturity, Lou was fully erect and eager to enter her, and Liese, both wanting to bless him with that experience and aching to feel it for herself, joined him in preparing her body for penetration.She trembled as his fingers slid along her moist folds.  No one had ever touched her there.  Even her own hand had never brought such sensations to this treasure spot.  She peered down, entranced by Lou’s strong, supple hand as he teased and fingered her to complete slickness.  Though he was concentrating on giving her enjoyment, he would slow down to kiss her lips or her neck or suckle her breasts.  Liese gasped when he closed his mouth over her nipples and gently tugged on them.“Oh my… oh, Lou!” she whispered, her hands reflexively darting up into his hair.He hummed, then said, “I could feast on you forever, baby.”The way he called her “baby” liquefied her from the inside out.  Her foot ran along his hairy leg and she licked his jaw.  “I want you, Lou!”“And I want you,” he rasped out.  “Are you ready for this, darling?”“Yes! Oh, yes, I’ve been dreaming of this night! I want to make love with you, my sweet, handsome husband.”  Her voice was soft but swelling with desire and love.With his eyes fastened on hers, he repositioned himself between her thighs.  Each could feel the heat from the other even before he lowered himself gently on top of her.  His firm, pulsing length rested on her mound.  Liese couldn’t stop herself from squirming and rubbing against it.  That bit of contact was delicious torture and she wanted more.Lou’s breathing was long and deep, as if he was trying to steady himself amidst this exciting moment.  Grinding his sensitive manhood along his new bride’s secret place had him close to convulsing.  His heart was racing, pumping fast.Finally, unable to wait, he began to press into her.  She was tight.  Liese felt the impasse and lifted her pelvis, opening herself more to him.  She was oozing with arousal, which made his penetration easier.  He pushed in and settled, a sharp gasp sucked out of Liese’s lungs.“Does it hurt?” he asked, brow furrowed.“A little.  Only because it’s not used to being so stretched,” she reassured him, struggling to take in all the feelings crashing over her body and mind.  She was married, on her wedding night, in bed with a man she couldn’t stop falling more in love with, at last one flesh with him.  Was this even real? “Just…let me adjust to it.”“Of course, baby.”They kissed hungrily, Lou willing himself to keep still as Liese flexed her inner muscles and tried to relax.  It was quite the fight to not unleash his bottled-up need and spill himself in her tight channel right then.  She was so perfectly fitted around him, like a smooth, wet glove.  With all his being, he ached to move, to feel every indent and curve of her silken body, to claim her with steady thrusts and coax gasps and moans of pleasure from her sweet lips.“Let me try to move a little,” he said.She nodded.He circled his hips a bit, not too vivaciously, just a simple grinding.  Liese sucked in air.  “Oh yes!”Lou grunted, then tried pulling back and going back in.“Ahhhh!” Liese burst out, her eyes rolling back.“How is it?” he asked hoarsely.“Good.”“Thank goodness you’re so wet.  It’ll get smoother as we move,” he promised.His thrusts were gentle, just enough to cause friction around her entrance.  Liese felt so full.  It was wonderful.  Yes, it stung a little, but she would stretch with time and practice.  Just like with any other activity, sex would take some learning.Needing to join him in this intimate dance, she began rolling her hips too, meeting him halfway.  They were uneven in their lovemaking, Lou so long a stranger to it and Liese a virgin.  Yet it was fresh and simplistic and beautiful.  Liese devoured every sound as her husband slid in and out of her, the meeting of moist skin, the panting, Lou’s low, sexy grunts.  She couldn’t tear her eyes from his face.  No man ever looked more alluring, she thought, than her husband did right now, with the sweat on his forehead and his hair awry and his eyes dark with lust.  Of course, she made a delectable picture herself.  Lou gazed at her flushed face and smoldering eyes, her parted lips, her heaving breasts as he lunged into her.  What a glorious sight!Liese suddenly raised her legs and wrapped them around Lou’s clenching buttocks.  “Yes, darling, yes! Take me! Make me yours!” she encouraged, strange and magnificent sensations boiling up in her loins as Lou plunged deeper and touched new spots.“Shall I come inside you?” he asked breathlessly.“Yes! Oh, I want you to!” she affirmed.The thought of him filling her with his seed made her lightheaded, and she felt her insides tighten.  Pure pleasure, warm and electrical, washed through her and out of her just like the warm juices flowing from her womanhood.  Lou felt her climax around him and lost his control.“Oh God…yes…yes! Oh Liese…” he gasped, thrashing a little as his orgasm overtook him.  He clenched her uppers arms, thrust in to the hilt, and let the ejaculation take over.“Oh Lou!” was all she could get out as she hung onto him, her body quivering like jelly as the wave receded.For a long moment, they couldn’t speak.  The union was too holy, too raw and private, for words.  They breathed together, Lou raising his head and meeting his wife’s eye.  Tenderly, they kissed.  Instead of frenzy and desire, now it was sweet affection, the peaceful aftermath of the fiery consummation.  At last Lou pulled out of her and fell on his back.  Liese came into his arms, her hand on his chest, her head tucked into his shoulder.“I love you, baby,” he said softly, taking her hand in his.“I love you, darling,” she whispered back.“How was your first time?” he asked, smiling a little.She took a long, happy breath.  “Beyond words,” she finally replied.  “Wonderful, sweet, intense…I can’t even describe it.  Was it good for you? As good as you’ve…known it to be?”“Yes, it was,” he assured her seriously.  “I’m just in awe that God has let me feel all this again.  Sometimes I thought I had nothing ahead of me but a lonely life by myself.”Liese raised herself, folded her hands on his chest, and rested her chin on her hands while gazing into his eyes.  “These last few months, every time I thought of you just going through life alone, it broke my heart.  I wanted to be with you so badly.”“That’s the kindness I love about you.  And that’s extremely flattering to a man of early fifty,” he grinned, caressing her cheek.  “You do know that when you’re my age I’ll be seventy?”“I know.  And if it happens that you need care when you get old, I’ll be the one to care for you, and I’ll love it.”  There was a ring of solid sincerity in her tone.  Then it changed to a more playful one.  “Didn’t I tell you what a handsome sexy man you are? Seeing you naked only reinforced my opinion.  You’re long and strong, like steel.  Especially this part of you,” and her hand crept down to stroke his softened cock.“You little tease.  Come here,” and Lou pulled her up for a long kiss.  “If I’m like steel, you’re like…roses.  Sweet, soft, beautiful, intoxicating to my eyes and all my senses.”Liese smiled in appreciation.  “Steel and roses.  I love it.  Somehow, they go together.”“And we’ll stay together as long as God gives us life,” Lou added, tightening his loving grasp of her lithe body.They were soon asleep, his powerful arms shielding her, her soft hands resting on his chest.  A matured widower and a young virgin, now wed.  Steel and roses.