Ron entered the front door and called out for Anne. No answer. He went out the back door to see if she might be in the backyard. Seeing her gardening tools leaning against the work shed, he walked across the bridge leading to the shed. She was sleeping peacefully in a hammock he’d had hung there for her use.He just stood there enjoying her beauty. Her long brown hair had more than a few strands of gray; she was no longer the 20-year-old girl he’d married. But every time he saw her, none of that mattered. Watching her, he felt that special love swell up inside for the incredible gift he had been given by God so many years ago.She was wearing one of his older white dress shirts as a work shirt. She also had on a short wrap-around skirt she preferred when working outside on warm days. In her sleep, she had turned on her tummy and the hem of the skirt had ridden high enough for her white nylon panties to show. Her derrière was clearly visible through the semi-transparent material. For a few moments, he stood “enjoying the view,” as he called it.The screen door squeaked as he opened it and walked in to sit beside her. She opened her eyes, then closed them again, choosing to wake up slowly. He sat there for a few moments, then began massaging her feet, something he had begun doing when they were dating. Having her feet rubbed was romantic for Anne. The warmth of his hands and the strength of his kneading her muscles not only relaxed her but made her feel loved and cared for.Eventually, Ron began also working the muscles in her calves and thighs. When he reached her skirt, he pushed it above her waist and started massaging the muscles in her hips. That brought Anne fully awake. Knowing how he enjoyed feeling the feminine softness of her cheeks and that he could see through her panties sent a tingle between her legs.He continued to massage Anne’s hip muscles; then he gently pulled at the waistband of her panties, silently asking permission to pull them down and expose her bare cheeks, which she gave by raising her hips. Having her derrière uncovered made her want more than just a massage. The tingle was rapidly becoming more urgent. She finally turned over onto her back.Pulling her panties down in the back had also caused the front to slide partway down, uncovering her brown curly pussy hair. Ron slowly ran his fingers through her curls, little by little pushing the panties on down further to expose her female lips, by now swollen with desire. A small wet spot had formed on her panty crotch.Anne wanted her panties out of the way, so she lifted her hips. Ron took the hint and pulled them off. She then unknotted the wrap-a-round skirt tie and raised her hips again. He pulled the skirt out from under her, leaving her completely bottomless. As he looked up at her chest, he realized for the first time that she wasn’t wearing a bra. Her dark areolas showed through the white shirt. Almost involuntarily, he slid his hand under the hem to fondle her teats, enjoying their softness and the nipples growing hard to his touch.Anne drew up her legs and spread her knees, inviting Ron to continue caressing her swollen pussy lips. So, he began stroking her labia from her vagina to that wonderful spot at the top. Her tiny clitoris became erect as he continued to stimulate her, and she felt herself beginning to leak female lubricant.Her legs started to tremble, and squeezing his fingers tight against her clitoris with her thighs, she began to pulsate in orgasm. With each contraction, she ejaculated copious amounts of feminine liquids, soaking the hammock bed. Finally, drained and exhausted, she relaxed on the hammock with her pussy glistening.Then Anne looked up at Ron, her smile changing from contented to mischievous. She slowly pushed herself up to stand beside the hammock and lifted her arms as if stretching. The shirt tail rose above her pussy, emphasizing the fact that she was bottomless. Then she unbuttoned the shirt and dropped it. She reached out to touch Ron’s belt.“Do we really need all this?” she asked. “I’m ready.”Anne turned her back on him and, spreading her legs, lay face down on the hammock. She felt her cheeks separate and knew all her female parts were completely on display. She heard Ron unbuckle his pants behind her, then felt him spread her cheeks even wider. His erection slid easily into her. Holding her hips, he used the motion of the hammock to slide her back and forth on his erection. She tightened her vagina into a pussy hug.Ron seemed to grow larger with each movement of the hammock, and his thrust got harder and deeper every time he pulled her to him. She continued to squeeze him with her vagina to feel him as much as possible. Then he pulled her cheeks tightly against him, forcing his erection as deep inside her as it would go. Holding her there, he ejaculated repeatedly until he was completely drained. Spent, he rested, still holding her rump against him. He enjoyed the softness of her butt cheeks until he began to lose his erection and slipped from her vagina.Anne turned to give Ron a hug. He reciprocated, relishing the feel of her naked body against his. He held her until he felt her relax contentedly against him. Then he picked her up and laid her back in the hammock. He stood there and smiled as he watched her dozing there naked, at peace in her afterglow. Her breast began rhythmically rising and falling as she drifted back off.Ron again sat down beside Anne to continue watching her sleep. He was very aware of his good fortune to have been given such a wonderful gift.