Whether we admit it or not, and we probably won’t, we men need the approval of our wives. Even guys who are not the least bit submissive in nature crave validation of their “manhood” from their lovely brides. Good women recognize this and praise their husbands, speak well of their husbands, and try to build their husband’s self-esteem.Where am I going with this? Help meet.Having studied this, I found that a man’s wife is supposed to be his confidence-builder, his boldness-builder, his nerve-builder, and his brazenness-builder. With masculinity under fire, men need their wives now more than ever. A wife’s belief in her husband puts him on the moon and enables him to believe he can do anything. We know deep down, of course, that we can’t, but a good wife gives us the confidence to try and to keep trying. Remove this confidence builder, and a man becomes weak. We definitely won’t admit that.But it doesn’t matter if we admit or not, we’re weakened without our wives’ validation. Weak men are one of the reasons our homes are failing and our marriages are crumbling.I’m not thick, and I’m not trying to start an argument here. There is much more to a good marriage than a wife’s validation of her husband. I know there are women screaming at their phones as they read this, saying, “What about the things men are supposed to be doing?” You’re right. I promise, you’re right. Of course, men do, or fail to do, things that weaken their wives, and I’d love to hear from your perspective.The point is this: Unless we all embrace Biblical masculinity and Biblical femininity, our marriages will continue to be weakened. We, both men and women, need to embrace His design, adapt that to our lives, and try to represent what He wants in a Christian marriage. Women are designed to be strong where men are weak and weak where men are strong. It’s supposed to be a partnership, not a competition for supremacy.This is supposed to be a discussion post, so I’ll ask four questions:1. How far removed do you think we are from Biblical masculinity and Biblical femininity?2. How is this affecting our marriages?3. From a woman’s perspective, how are men failing?4. How do we repair all this damage?