I woke up at 4 a.m. with an anxiety attack. But my wife, Melody, talking to me and me petting my service dog calmed me down. We all then got back to sleep.At eight, I woke again and read today’s MH story, which got me warm for Melody’s form. It was called “Her Sister” by KingdomMan, and it was sexy and funny!In the story, the wife’s sister accidentally walks in on the couple as they are having anal sex on the sofa.Melody and I, by mutual agreement, choose to not do anal, but this sexy story really woke up my desire for my wife.After reading the MH story, I looked through our private photos and videos app. Then, I was REALLY sexually excited!! I paid especially close attention to how Melody masturbated her clitoris so I could mimic the movements later. I had videoed her a few weeks ago as she stroked herself.We are at an Air B&B with our own private bedroom and bathroom, so we had this nice, huge, comfortable bed! So I decided we should make use of it in an alternative-to-sleeping manner before today’s scheduled vacation activities with family.I woke up Melody again by cupping her boobs over some incredibly soft new PJs she was wearing. I played some with her hardening nipples, too. Then I rubbed some of her sore joints, and she returned the favor. (I know, you are thinking: “Weird old-people foreplay.”)As we massaged out some of each other’s painful muscle and joint pain, I told Melody about the MH story, and we both laughed at the sister walking in on the married couple that was having anal sex on the sofa. Plus we were both happy that the sister’s and sister’s husband’s dry spell ended that evening!I also told my wife how I had been perusing our private photos and videos app before I woke her up. I told her how absolutely beautiful and sexy she is, though she doesn’t realize it. She rolled her eyes, but she then kissed me very lovingly.Then we got naked since we both wanted to shower. But she expected to give me an orgasm as we usually do on non-intercourse days—that is, licking my man-nips as I use my hand or vibrating stroker. Often, I get some preliminary boob play too. We call this, “fixing my problem.”Melody lay on the bed next to me and cupped one bare boob for me to nibble. It was a boob feast!!! I eventually worked both breasts over very thoroughly!!“We aren’t doing this today,” she complained, but she let me continue. She meant we weren’t having intercourse today because we usually have full PIV sex every three days, and it had only been two.“Stroke your pussy,” I suggested.“I don’t want to!” she insisted, but she started to do it anyway, just like she had in our sex-movie clip. I was also pumping my dick to full strength.I kept the “my lips on her nips” ministrations going for a while, but eventually I reached over and down to also do some pussy stroking myself. I first found her outer lips, and my finger stroked into her pussy’s entrance. SHE WAS SO WET! That was a good sign!!!I drug some pussy juice out and up to her clit, mimicking her circular motion and the South-to-North clit flicking I had observed in our private video.“You are REALLY wet!” I exclaimed.“It’s Tommy’s fault!” she said half-jokingly, and she giggled. (By the way, I’m Tommy.)So I figured it was time. I slid down to our “go-to” cuissade sex position. (This position has us at right angles with me on my side and Melody on her back.) My erection lined up nicely with her pussy!“What are you doing?” she asked, although I was sure she already knew.“Going inside your beautiful pussy!” I replied.Instead of complaining, she surrendered. She opened her legs wider and repositioned herself for a quickie. Now, usually, we use some lube, but my wife’s pussy had woken up enough to easily take care of that.I slid in more gently and with just a bit more resistance than usual because we did not used coconut oil this time. Then I began to take her pussy with my hard cock.We’d had a great lovemaking session only two days ago in a hotel room. (See my previous post called “3-Some or 4-Some.”) Even so, THIS sex session was working out wonderfully. Clearly , Melody had become aroused in spite of herself.I picked up the pace, and she began to caress my cock with her Kegal muscles until I unloaded my love cream into her love tunnel. Yes, it felt great!I may sometimes be overbearing in my desire for my Melody’s voluptuous body. But know that if she had said, “ABSOLUTELY NOT HAPPENING!” I would have stopped.In any case, I knew she had enjoyed it. I knew that she didn’t want an orgasm today because of her back and leg pain, so I never got her vibrators out. Yet she assured me it had been fun. Sometimes I can talk her into sex, and she never regrets it afterwards. But again, sometimes “no” means no, and I can tell the difference.In the evening, on our way to eating out with family, I turned on the John Denver song called “Sweet Surrender.” And I thanked my wife for surrendering this morning. Melody smiled, then laughed and repeated what she’d said earlier: “It was fun!” So, I knew we were good.As we ate delicious food at an excellent Mexican restaurant, I leaned over and whispered to my wife, “It’s a good thing we had sex this morning because I’m going to have cilantro and onion breath tomorrow.”Melody can’t stand cilantro or raw onions. She hates them so much that she won’t kiss me when I’ve eaten them the night before. So, she whispered back, “You’re right. Good thing we didn’t wait our usual three days.”This last paragraph was written the next day: Later the next day, on the drive to church, I told her how great it all was (orally loving her nipples and phalic love in her pussy). I told her that I was sorry if she felt pressured.“No you’re not!” Melody countered. “You’re not sorry at all!” But she was laughing as she said it! I don’t know for sure, but maybe I had pushed her just enough.Lest the reader judge me, know that I respect my wife and love her dearly. When I make advances and she has no interest in “surrendering,” then I surrender and just cuddle with her and/or am content with her “fixing my problem,” as we call it.Before I end, I want to reiterate my thanks to KingdomMan for getting Melody and I jump-started!