First time at Gunnison BeachSo, I’m not really sure how this all started. I do know I’ve wanted to go to a nude beach for a long time. I’ve never “not wanted to go ” Lately, it’s seemed to gain momentum. And our continued critical thinking about unfettered passion in our marriage has added fuel to this fire. Also, Queen has recently become open to go.I should mention this “real life” character arc that Queen has been on. In writing, a character arc is the change in a character over the course of a story. The character begins as one sort of person and transforms into a different sort, responding to stuff in the story. Or it’s real change in a real person over the course of their real life.Queen has always been a “Good Girl,” and I’m blessed that she was. She was a good daughter, “behaved” in high school and college, got saved, etc. And she was (and is) a model wife and mother to our kids. But this “goodness” also constrained her in our passion, and so held her (and us) back from robust “passion growth.”We’ve been “thinking” a lot about married love, passion, heat, lust, and wild, raw, animal fucking. You know, normal stuff. One result was to go “minimalist” as far as “rules” go. If it wasn’t direct, clear, and “out of bounds” (OOB) in the Bible, it was fair game for our monogamous marriage bed! Oh, what a ride it’s been!As a result, Queen has been exploring a path of sexual “unleashedness.” (Is that even a word?) Her Good Girl persona has been transforming into a married, monogamous Vixen! Not “vixen” in the worldy sense, but I stole the word back! It’s a good thing. Naked hiking, naked kayaking, naked around the house! And now, a nude beach!So where was I going with all this? Oh yeah, the nude beach.Looking for a place “in reach,” I stumbled on Gunnison Beach in Sandy Hook, NJ, as a consistently highly rated nude beach. Low key, low crowds, low cost, and relatively easy travel. And no clothes. It checked all the boxes. And it’s kind of on our way to travel to the mid-Atlantic area to see Queen’s aging Dad.In early August 2023, we planned a trip to see her Dad and a stop at Gunnison on the way down. So we drove the 6-hour trip in 7 hours (horrible traffic) on a Thursday afternoon. We stayed in a less than thrilling hotel (my bad choice.) The next morning, we woke to our moment of nude beach truth! I was vibrating with excitement!OK, enough stalling. When do we get naked? I know you’re thinking that. It’s coming.We checked out and had breakfast at The Yolk’s On You restaurant. It’s a cool little place with good food. Then we drove to Gunnison Beach. We parked, and people were dressed. Walking to a pavilion area, people were dressed. Along a path to the beach, people were dressed. Then we hit the beach area… naked as far as the eye can see!This was glorious! People of all shapes and sizes. No bathing suits, just birthday suits!I am an avowed voyeur. These sights were a delight! I am an enthused exhibitionist. I couldn’t wait to join them! My mind was whirling. We picked a spot, spread our towels, and I finally had a thought for Queen. Was she hesitant? Reluctant? Nervous? Scared?She was naked! I’m still futzing around with my drawstring, and she’s standing there naked on a nude beach, folding her coverup like she hadn’t a care in the world. And smiling like a Cheshire Cat! My glorious wife is buck-ass naked in front of hundreds of naked folks, and she appears to be loving it!I was going to rise up and call her blessed, but I’m not supposed to show erections on a nude beach. Baseball stats rolled across my brain! I finally dropped my shorts, and we were both naked! We did it! We’re naked! They’re naked! Everybody’s naked! I can’t recommend this experience enough! Fuck, it was exhilarating! Did I mention the naked?So what do you do on a nude beach? It was a gorgeous summer day, and we enjoyed the sun. Gunnison is a pretty clean beach, and we enjoyed the sand. We people watched. Pretty common, except these people were naked! We walked along the beach, casually “on display,” and loved every minute of it!My research said the “adult etiquette” was no public sex and keep erections under control. People walked and held hands. We saw an occasional kiss. Several guys had nice “chubby” cocks that were not fully erect. It was a bunch of adults, naked, “seeing and being seen.” Adults behaving like ladies and gentlemen. It was perfect!So what about our sex, you ask? You’re so nosey. OK, let me tell you!Obviously, given the etiquette, we didn’t fool around on the beach. But helping with sunscreen took on a new meaning! The incredible sexual energy of our first nude beach meant the drives to and from Gunnison were hot, the hotel sex was hot, and the sex at Queen’s sister’s house while visiting her father was hot!One example was when her sister and husband went out to a golf event. We had the house to ourselves. I had a naked cigar and bourbon on the deck. Queen read naked on their porch. I went in and licked her pussy. She sucked my cock. We thought we heard the garage door open. I think they saw us. How’s that for fucking hot!So where do we go from here? Oh, you have to stay tuned for that!This story has been a long, sexual travelogue, with no real sizzling, detailed, sex scenes. That’s not my writing style, as many of you know. But the raw, sexual energy of this experience has fueled our passion and lust for each other! Queen’s character arc is on a tear right now, and I am one blessed Hubbie! See you on our next trip![Our sincere apologies to Queen & Hubbie for originally posting the wrong photo on this story. We’ve corrected it now. —Missy, MH]