Robbie and I have a fascination for oral sex. Our normal sex is also very exiting, but we like to play things dirty. Sometimes that means making a mess my face, getting cum stuck in my hair, or making Robbie wet his pants with semen. We always have a good laugh about it.One of our episodes just took place as we were going out visiting some friends. Robbie was dressed smart and casual. I like showing  off a bit, so I slipped on my short, thin yellow cotton mini skirt. In my hurriedness I completely “forgot” to grab my panties, so I went commando. My vulva would be exposed if I sat in the wrong position!As we were about ready to leave, just before we stepped outside, I turned around and unzipped Robbie’s pants, exposing his cock. It was huge, but not yet as hard as I anticipated. I went down on him and took him whole. He rose in my mouth, and soon I started sucking the life out of him. I guided his cock deep into my mouth as he stood with his legs spread—at least, as wide as he could spread them with his pants around his ankles.He seemed to enjoy it, and as he looked down towards me, he noticed I had nothing on under my short dress, and my pussy was clearly visible. I had intentionally positioned myself and pulled up my skirt so he could see. He didn’t say a word, but suddenly I felt a load filling my mouth, so much that the extra ran out at the sides of my lips. I sucked down as much as I could, and as I finished, I just rubbed the excess over my face and some on my tits.Robbie pulled up his pants. I thought we would be on our way now, but Robbie tilted me down and burrowed his mouth into my pussy. Obviously his target was my clit, and he sucked on it with such intensity that orgasmic pulses shot through me almost instantly. I finally begged him to stop, as I was shuddering and the sensation was making me going crazy.Robbie licked off whatever he could from my pussy and cleaned me out. I opened his zipper gave his cock one last lick. I quickly made myself presentable again, brushing my hair, touching up my makeup, and finally slipping on some panties.Both of us still smelled of sex as we made our way to the gathering we’d ben invited to. Our friends almost certainly noticed that we’d had some sort of sex, because I found out later that there were still some traces of cum visible in my hair, and some of my pussy juices were dripping down my legs. We all had a good laugh.