(L) – This story contains strong language.Lacy had back surgery and was in discomfort.  I helped her shower, as I have been doing for the last 6 months.  Tonight she asked me to brush her hair.  She sat on a chair with no backrest, so that she could lean back against me.  She was wearing just a silk robe as I towel-dried her hair and started pulling the brush through her long, blonde locks.She moaned softly, “I love when you brush my hair.”  Her eyes were closed and her robe hung partly open, showing a bit of her amazing 40EE breasts.My cock was becoming aroused.  She turned her head to give me better access to part of her hair that I hadn’t brushed yet.  As she shifted, her robe opened more, and her very hard, long, thick nipple came into view.  With our bodies pressed close together as they were, she had to have felt my rock-hard cock against her, and she pressed back into me.  “Mmm, that feel amazing baby. Will you please rub my head and face like you do?”  She hasn’t asked or let me since before her surgery.We moved to the bed to get into a more comfortable position for me to massage her.  We sat with her in front of me, and I softly rubbed her scalp and temples with steady, circular motions.  I occasionally strayed to softly run my hands down her cheeks and chin.  She purred and ground back against me.  I wanted to fuck her, but she was in the mood to play, so I played her game.I ran the fingers of one hand around her chin and lips as my other slid down her neck.  She trembled a little as I rubbed her neck, and she moaned as I gently squeezed her throat.  I moved back a little and let her head slide down till the tip of my throbbing cock pressed against the base of her neck through my shorts.  Her eyes were closed, and her breasts and nipples were on full display.I rubbed her neck and back up to her lips.  She lightly licked my finger as it glided over her lips, and she moaned softly, “I love how you touch me baby.”  That was becoming evident as her nipples were long and hard.  Her scent was intoxicating.I slid my hands straight down over her huge tits and rubbed circles around her nipples.  She moaned long and soft.The she unexpectedly sat up.  “Sorry, that position was starting to hurt my back.”She closed her robe, and I thought that was it.  I asked her if I could get her meds or anything.“You can rub me more,” she requested instead.  “I really was enjoying that.”  She turned to face me and pressed her forehead against my belly.  She clearly could see my hard cock bulging up in my shorts, straining against the waistband.I began rubbing the back of her head and neck.  She gasped softly, letting out her hot breath onto the tip of my cock.  I was going crazy, and the harder I rubbed her, the more her breath fell over me.  I tingled and felt I would explode all over her face at any second.I felt her tug my shorts lightly, and felt the head of my cock sticking out.  Oh fuck!  The game she was playing was driving me crazy.I rubbed her shoulder and slid my hand back up her head.  I fought the urge to shove her head down on my cock, which felt harder than it has been in almost a year.  I felt her breath right over my cock, then felt her hot, wet tongue lick the underside of my cock.  I moaned at the sensation, which was so strong I had to fight to hold my cum back.When she circled my head and slid it into her mouth, I moaned and couldn’t hold back.  My knees wobbled and my cock erupted, shooting long, strong blasts of cum into her willing mouth as she quickly swallowed it all.  Once she got all my cum, she pulled back and looked up.  “Thank you I needed that baby.  It made me feel desired, loved and sexy.  And you needed that too!  That was quite a lot to drink down.”  She wiped the cum from the corner of her lips.She noticed my cock was still hard and sticking out of my shorts.  I saw the wanton desire in her eyes.  She reached out and pulled my shorts down the rest of the way, which left my hard, throbbing cock pointing straight at her mouth.  She smiled, then grabbed some pillows, put them under her knees, knelt down, and laid her body face down on the bed.  She spread her legs and I knelt behind her.  She reached back and pulled apart her ass cheeks, exposing her wet pussy to me with a wordless invitation.  She was waxed bald, wet, and waiting for me.She was panting as I pressed my fat cock head against her wet pussy.  “Go slow baby,” she asked.  I did as she requested and slowly pushed into her pussy.  She felt as tight as the first time I entered her pussy.  She moaned loudly as I stretched her open.  Her pussy was so hot and wet as I fed her every inch of my cock.  I moaned and she pulsed around my cock when I filled her completely.She let out a slight gasp of pain as my cock went a little too deep inside her.  My eyes flicked to the scars on her side and spine from her surgery, and I immediately acted even more gently.I slowly pulled out and slid only half my cock back in, then started a nice, slow rhythm, very gradually giving her a little more of my cock each time.  That apparently helped, because she soon cried out and started cumming.  Her pussy pulsed and milked my cock as her juices washed over my shaft.I wanted to pound her tight pussy, but maintained my gentle rhythm instead, wondering how many time she would cum before I did.  My slow and steady pace would make me last quite a while.  I loved the feel of her pussy, her body movements, her moans and gasps.It was amazing to me, knowing she loved how I was taking care of her.  She seemed to be in a constant state of orgasm.  She gasped for breath, reached one hand back to my belly to gently push me away, and begged me to stop. “Stop! Please baby, I can’t take any more.”I pulled out and admired her pussy; so puffy, red and seeping her juices in a steady stream.  My cock ached to cum as I wrapped my hand around my wet hardness and stroked it.  She slid to kneel on the floor, panting as she looked at me.  “That was amazing, I’ve never had so many orgasms.”She spread her legs, and I could see her pussy and belly were still vibrating.  She pinched, pulled and twisted her nipples as she watched me jack off.  I stroked harder and faster as I felt my orgasm about to explode.  She lifted her tits and squeezed them together.  “Cum on me, cum on my tits baby!” she encouraged.I laid my cock on her tits and exploded, shooting strong shots of cum over her tits, into her mouth, and splashing her face.  She let her mouth hang open, and my cum ran like a river down into her mouth.  I fell to my knees, completely spent.  As we climbed back onto the bed together, I took in the sight of my sexy wife, who was also sexually satisfied and spent.“I love you,” she softly whispered, as she began to drift off to sleep.