Twenty seven years into our marriage, something E and I had never explored with one another was mutual masturbation.  The topic of masturbation rarely surfaced in our lovemaking discussions over the years.  From time to time I was gently reminded by E and was asked to “save myself” if we knew we were going to be apart for a while, as she always wants me full of desire after separation.With that said, the topic of mutual masturbation was something that I had fantasized about often.  While we had certainly witnessed each other touching ourselves in lovemaking, we had never had a full session where the intent was to separately bring ourselves to self-generated climaxes at the same time, and allow each other to witness from start to climax.While I had thought about it often, I was always uncomfortable with the idea of discussing or suggesting it.  I didn’t know if she would want to masturbate in front of me, and while I was willing, I had never jacked off in front of E either.  What would she think?  Would she hate the idea?Finally, one day while fantasizing, I determined how I was going to approach the subject.  I decided to make a list of about ten new or modified sexual experiences that I was interested in exploring and put them to paper, explaining each one, and why I thought I would be excited by each encounter.  Mutual masturbation was on the list.  I asked E to review the list, and I then asked her to tell me which she thought were hot and which were not.  The idea of E telling me if she viewed this as hot or not was something that was both thrilling and made me nervous.  I viewed mutual masturbation as a great demonstration of vulnerability.When I presented the list, I mentioned that I believe God approves of all acts of intimacy between husband and wife that are consensual, but that I would only want to partake in acts that E also was excited about and supported.  E went through the list and, to my enjoyable surprise, eight of the ten ideas I presented fell in the “hot” category, and mutual masturbation was among them.We each talked about that for a while, and why we thought it would be exciting.  After discussing the list, we were certainly very horny, and we agreed that we were going to have to check one of the boxes that night.  We aligned on the mutual masturbation experience being the first to check off from the list.We convened to the lower level of our house, dimmed the lights, turned on some music, and had a passionate make-out and foreplay session that got us both hot and bothered.  Once we were completely unclothed, we agreed that we would move to oppose sides of an L-shaped couch so we could watch each other going to town on ourselves.  My ask and desire was that we would climax as close together as possible, so I told E that I would control my pace based on her, and that I would wait until she climaxed before I did.  As we separated on the couch, the whole experience was giving me butterflies in the stomach.  I was so excited to share this experience with her.We each had lubricant at our side and started to apply it to ourselves.  My view was perfect, as I could see her entire body as she faced me.  Her D cup breasts were on full display.  She slowly worked her fingertips over the top of her slit and around it, with her feet up on the ottoman and legs spread wide.  I was rock hard and started to stroke my member slowly as I took in her show and she took in mine.  I was very conscious about not finishing early, so I took my time.She rotated those fingers tips around her wanting pussy, and eventually one finger made it inside while her thumb continued to massage her clit.  Her eyes were closed as she started to get lost in the pleasure that she was creating for herself.  I stroked myself patiently and slowly so that whenever she opened her eyes, she to could allow her visual senses to take over.As E massaged herself, I took special note of the gentle circular motions she was making around her clit.  Both fingers moved in rhythmic motion, and I could see the blood flowing to those lips and her opening starting to show.Two of her fingers started to enter her now.  She curled those two fingers in about two inches and the opposite hand started to pull on her left breast and stroke her nipple.My excitement was building, but I needed to see her climax first.  Her breathing started to intensify as her curling penetration with those two fingers continued.  E spread her legs more and then went back to working on her clit with a slow circular motion.  The pace of her motion gained steady rhythm as she pulled more on her breast with the other hand.  She was getting close.  Her heavy, ragged breathing was magical to watch and listen to.  It gave away the pleasure she was feeling, and I just watched her beauty in awe while continuing to fondle myself.Eventually I heard a deep breath and gasp, and her hands stopped their motion and just held where they were.  Her body shook as she pressed her fingers against her clit.  Her eyes remained closed, just getting lost in her release and allowing the orgasm to fully come over her.  My steady playful strokes remained, but I needed E to climax completely first, so I waited for her attention.As E’s breathing normalized, her eyes opened and fixated on me.  That was may cue to ramp up the show.Grabbing more lube, I saturated my right hand and stroked my hard, purple cock with a gradual but increasing pace.  My left hand was playing with and cupping my balls while also massaging my perineum.  I was offering her my best show of what excites me down below.  The feeling of my testicles being played with and the pressure in the area of the perineum while stroking my firm cock is glorious.  As I stroked and played, the intrigue, joy and connection she was feeling was all over her face.I ramped up the pace with my right hand, as well as the playfulness and pressure with my left.  As my right hand went faster, I moved mainly up and down from the base up my shaft, leaving the head of my love stick on full display.  The slurping sound of the lube between my hand and my cock was getting louder as I pressed the pace of action.  I could start to feel the beginning of an eruption brewing deep within my balls, and I kept the action going.Finally, upon the point of no return, I tried to hold in the release as long as possible, knowing it was here, but continuing to stroke.  Then I clenched my balls with my left hand and squeezed my cock with my right.  The little bit of extra squeeze delayed and intensified my climax such that I shot ropes of cum like I hadn’t in 15 years.  The first release shot up in the air five or six feet away and over the ottoman that my feet had been resting on.  The the second and third spasms shot up and landed on my legs and stomach, and remnants of my seed continued to ooze out of my well-pleasured cock.E smiled at me, and the first words immediately out of her mouth were, “Wow, I LOVED that! And I loved watching you cum like that.”I reciprocated the feeling and statement, as I love watching her body go through a physical release, and I loved watching E bring herself to climax with her rhythmic touch.I share this story with much gratitude for having a willing and loving wife who embraces communication and intimacy.  The thrill of fulfilling that experience in our marriage was truly about leaping over another intimacy hurdle.  The thrill of that experience is in the vulnerability and trust that must exist to complete the act.  It’s an act of love to share one’s body in marriage, and in this case the act is visual, both in terms of eroticism, as well as teaching one’s spouse what touch brings one over the edge.The physical experience of having E bring me to climax with her body and touch is unmatched, but the thrill of mutual masturbation is one I know we’ll go back to.  The intimacy that we both felt in the experience was off the charts.