Tammi walks out of the bedroom dressed in a very tiny black bikini, which barely contains her gorgeous tits. A tight belly and the flare of her hips guide my eyes to the bikini bottom tightly hugging her puffy mound. The seam between her slit is like an exclamation point to me! My jaw hangs open, and she laughs.“So you approve?“Ummm, yes!”We head down to the beach, and she lies down on her back, handing me lotion to rub on her. I kneel beside her and softly rub the white cream into her belly, up to the underside of her tits.  Applying more lotion, I rub the sides of her tits, causing her to smile and moan. Finally, I slide my hand to rub the tops of her tits and chest. Soon this pleasure makes her nipples poke into the top of her bikini as I rub her neck and shoulders.“Michael, I love your hands all over me. Mmmmm.”I start applying lotion to her legs and slide my hands up the inside of her thighs. She moans as she spreads them apart just a little, and I see her black thong is wet. I press my fingers against her pussy. Tammi moans and jumps as my hands glide firmly over her body.I ask her to roll over and make quick work of covering her back. After rubbing and squeezing her tight ass, I spread the cream down along her thighs and calves.  As my hands slide back up, she spread her legs more. She gasps when her tiny suit slips into her slit, exposing her puffy mound to me.I have one hand on her ass, rubbing and squeezing those amazing globes. My other hand slides down and over her exposed mound.  Tammi moans and wiggles as I rub her hot, smooth, and very wet mound.  Her breathing quickens as she presses harder against my fingers.I hook and pull her suit out, and my index finger finds her clit, while my thumb pushes into her pussy. Tammi screams into the blanket as she wiggles against my fingers. Her pussy spasms and squeezes my thumb as I rub her clit hard and fast. I work my thumb and fingers deep into her as she thrusts her hips and pussy back to fuck onto my fingers.Looking around and seeing no one nearby, I move my body between her open legs and pull out my swollen, hard cock. She moans my name as I remove my fingers from her pussy and drive my cock deep inside her. I can hear my balls slapping hard against her clit.  Her pussy spasms around my shaft.Suddenly, she screams down into the blanket again, and her hot honey flows from her pussy. I start to fuck her harder and faster, pounding her as she continues to cum.  It feels like I’m literally driving her into the blanket and the sand beneath it.  Tammi starts to shake and cum again as my release erupts from my cock, filling her pussy.I see people nearing us and quickly pull out. Our cum gushes out of Tammi as I lie down beside her. Seeing Tammi’s legs open, red from passion and white with our cum, what we just did must be obvious to them. Tammi is still shaking and moaning as they look and smile, then pass on by.