(F) – This story contains a fantasy/roleplay of extra-marital sex.Nicole had an gyno appointment. She wasn’t looking forward to it, but made herself go anyway.It’s the responsible thing to do,she reasoned, and resigned herself to it.After arriving at the office and being led to an exam room, she had undressed and re-dressed in her gown.She felt different today. Her nipples were hard, and other things felt different too.Dr. Mell came in the room. He was a man, which didn’t make things any easier. But he was not too bad on the eyes, and thatdidmake things a little easier.He smiled and then sat down to talk. He was in his scrubs today, apparently because he had to deliver a baby today, Nicole had heard. The problem there was that his package showed real well through them. He appeared quite large, as the scrubs showed nice-sized bulge.As they discussed her health, her nipples began to harden and standing at attention.What is with me today?she thought. She knew he must be able to see them now, especially through the ultra-thin gown. He seemed to stare a bit—or maybe her mind was playing tricks on her—but she kept from feeling too embarrassed.Nicole kept asking her questions and holding a professional conversation for a while, but got distracted when she noticed Dr. Mell’s bulge seemed even larger than before.Is he getting a hard on? Oh wow,she thought.He seemed a bit fidgety from it. He adjusted himself and she smiled. The thought actually turned her on! Then he stood up, and her eyes just about popped out of her head. Yes, her doctor clearly had a full blown hard on under those scrubs. She felt tingles and burning in her hot box.I can’t believe this is making me so horny!she thought with mixed amazement and embarrassment.He finally addressed the elephant in the room. “I’m sorry, this is rather unprofessional of me, isn’t it?”Nicole just smiled and said, “It’s no problem… I am actually kinda enjoying this.”Dr. Mell smiled and glanced down toward her chest. “Yeah, I see you are. I think I need to examine you now.”Before she could think better of it, Nicole blurted out, “Can you show me how to have an orgasm? I don’t think I have had one, and I need to know how.”Dr. Mell said, “I can do that. Could you please lay down?”She did so, and without being asked, she also spread her legs and pulled the gown up, amazed at her own daring actions.Dr. Mell didn’t skip a beat. He did, however, skip the gloves.In moments, Nicole felt his finger spreading her open and hooking up toward her G-spot. Apparently, he had decided he didn’t need and lube—Nicole was providing plenty already. She lubricated even more when the doctor decided to give her a breast exam with his other hand.Nicole gasped, “Wow… I like you trying to find that G-spot.”“Yeah, I think it is right… here.”Pleasure exploded through her. Yes, that was definitely where it was.“Oh my Gawd!” Niucole groaned. “I think that is definitely it… Wow, yes, that’s… amazing.”She shuddered, then start flopping like a fish, suddenly losing control of her body.He didn’t let up, but kept massaging that spot he’d found, and the sensations grew stronger and stronger. Nicole felt like she was going to convulse off the table. Still, he would not give up.Dr. Mell frowned and said, “I don’t know if I have getting it. Am I?”Nicole’s only response was to thrash her head back and forth on the table and nearly scream from the pleasure she was feeling. “OH MY GAWD!” She could feel her juice getting all over—she was literally dripping. She rolled from orgasm to orgasm, her back arched on the table, unable to tell where one ended and another began. She couldn’t help but feel like she had entered into another world as the pleasure overcame her.In the haze of ecstasy, it took her a moment to realize her hand was wrapped around something hard and warm. The doctor had pulled out his hard-as-a-rock cock, and she was jacking him off. He didn’t seem to mind and she sure didn’t. He was very well endowed, and being hard added to it.Beginning to recover from her paralyzing pleasure, Nicole panted, “I think I need to feel how that is done with a hard cock.”The doctor made no objections. He pulled her sex-wettened ass to the edge of the table, stood between her legs, and slid right in. When he filled her with that hard cock, she couldn’t help but start crying at how good it felt. When he began to thrust that gorgeous, rock-hard rod into her inviting box, he hit wonderful places she hadn’t known were there.Nicole found herself sitting up with her arms around his neck, giving him a long, wet kiss, their tongues dancing around each other. She felt herself building to another climax, and she let out the loudest groan of passion. Both of them were breathing equally hard.She felt him tense, and he let his load shoot into her with an exclamation. Relief, joy and complete satisfaction was expressed in a groan that made her tingle through out her body.When they both had recovered from their climaxes, Nicole laid back down as he slid out.Dr. Mell tucked his beautiful manhood away back beneath the scrubs, grabbed a towel, and went to work gently cleaning her off.He smiled and said, “Nicole it was my pleasure teaching you this lesson today.”She could barely respond. She just nodded her head and muttered, “Thank you, doc.”“I will leave you to get dressed and will be back to check on you.” She threw her dress on and sat down again.He came back a minute later with a bottle of water.“Thank you,” she said with a smile. Then the smile became a smirk and she asked, “Do you give all your patients that kind of lesson?”He smiled and said, “I’m not married to all of them, just you.”