This post contains strong language (L).I’ve been at the hospital for four straight days, working and napping when I can or when the rules force me to get some rest.  Being so short-staffed, that part is often overlooked.  I’m on one of those forced breaks now, and I haven’t seen Michael since Christmas.  He has sent numerous texts since yesterday, and last night his self-pleasure ones really got me horny. I text him and tell him to meet me here. I have a little downtime, and I miss him.“You haven’t looked outside, have you?” he texts back.I quickly look, and my horny mood turns to frustration when I see all the snow. He says he will try to get here sometime and will wait as long as it takes to see me, even if only for a few minutes.I’m able to get a few hours of sleep, and then my phone interrupts me with a text notification.“I’m on the 5th level in the parking garage if you’ve got a minute?”I quickly run to the 5th level, burst through the door to the parking lot, scan the vehicles, and finally see him sitting in his truck.  I jump in, right into his arms, and we kiss passionately, like hungry teenagers kissing for the first time.  Sliding my hand over the front of his sweat pants, I moan when I find his cock nice and hard, big and throbbing.I just have to slide my hand in his sweats, grab his big cock, and stroke him firmly.  Yanking his cock over the waistband, I lower my head and take him fully into my throat. Reaching across his body, I pulled the lever on the seat to make him lie back as I suck and moan, vibrating my mouth and throat around his cock.“Yes, oh, yesss! Suck it, suck it, baby!” he says, recognizing my skills.I start to slide off his cock, but he grabs my head, pulling me down to powerfully thrust up into my throat. I love giving over control to Michael as he uses me for his pleasure. Grinding my thighs together, I feel my pussy tingling and my juices soaking through my scrubs.  Michael groans, his cock releasing a glob of cum though he stops himself from fully ejaculating.Sliding his cock out of my mouth, I grip him and pump him hard and fast, using my other hand to push my scrubs and panties down. I then climb on his lap, leaning down to rub cock against my pussy. He’s still hard.“Fuck me, fuck me, Michael!”He grabs my hips, thrusts into my pussy, and holds me down as I tremble and kiss him.  He lifts me, and I push back down as his cock swells to fill me completely as I bounce up and down wildly.  Michael’s big hands squeeze my waist and slap my ass.“Fuck me, fuck me!” I cry out as my body shakes and my pussy quivers. I scream, and my juices release!“Yesss … yessss,” I say over and over, as he continues to pound me.  Holding my waist tight, he slides his seat back and bumps my head into the roof as he rolls me over and continues pounding down hard into my quivering pussy.  As he fucks me so hard through my orgasm, I shake again and gush all over his cock.Michael’s cock pulses, and he groans as he cums, pumping me full of his heat. He collapses on me, and soon we both jump when a security guard taps the window.“They need you inside, stat!”I kiss Michael and pull my scrubs up, and run with the guard inside, making a short stop in the storage closet to do a quick clean-up and change.  I text Michael, “Thank you, and I love you.”