I always look forward to Friday date nights.  Marianne and I decided on a trendy locals’ place about thirty minutes from the house.  In addition to the restaurant, there is an open-air dance floor and an attached marina.  Being the middle of summer, the temperature allowed for comfortable loose clothing like shorts, mini skirts, light dresses, and some very sheer blouses.  More about that later.  This night, like most Fridays, would see the floor packed with people dancing to ’70s and ’80s retro music.Before I continue, allow me to tell you about my wife, Marianne.  She has a body that makes many half her age take a second look.  She has remained the same fit woman she was when we met twenty-plus years ago.  Every once in a while, when she strolls through the house nude or I walk in when she is getting dressed, my man-brain does its thing, and I just have to stare.Back to retelling our date night adventure.  I peeked my head around the bathroom door and could see Marianne’s body through the droplet-coated shower door.  She was standing on her left foot with her right knee pressed to her breasts and her right foot wedged into the corner of the shower about waist high. I guess years of yoga have their reward.  From my vantage point and her position, the gentle curves of her breasts and ass were a pleasure to observe.  Watching her movement in the shower, I could tell that she was shaving her long sexy legs. When she finished those, Marianne was careful to make sure that her kitty was silky smooth, leaving only a small rectangular muff that contrasted nicely with the light skin below.  Although not for everyone, I do love the look when a high-cut, deep-v style bikini leaves a tan line.  It is like an arrow that points the way to the promised land or possibly a warning sign, “Danger, danger Will Robinson!”A little while later, I checked back in.  Marianne was slipping into her sandals to complete her outfit.  Following the gentle lines of her shapely legs, I was greeted first by the fringes of a denim mini skirt with half a dozen embroidered appliqués reminiscent of the Woodstock era, the most prominent of which was the word LOVE centered on her tush.  The length of the skirt was just a few inches just below the fold of her ass cheeks.  Needless to say, it is among my favorites.  As my visual journey of her body continued north, I noticed she had selected a loose halter top with a little flash of side boob to accentuate her firm round breast. With final preparations complete, we were off to the restaurant.After finishing dinner, we moved to an outside table several feet and a couple of steps down from the edge of the elevated dance platform.  With the music calling us, we ventured onto the dance floor. As the set continued, the band started playing ‘Shout’ by Otis Day and the Knights.   Midway through the song, the more lively dancers were swaying their hips back and forth as they moved lower to the ground into a crouching position – all the while singing, “A little bit softer now, a little bit softer now . . . “.  The vibe on the dance floor was reminiscent of the movieAnimal House.From all the movement and with Marianne basically sitting on the back of her heels, the little skirt was now riding up high up on her thighs. I could clearly see she wasn’t wearing any panties.  Then she leaned back, resting on one hand. I was treated to a perfect view of her shaved pussy lips. With each sway to the right or left, her pussy would bloom to reveal her pink inner folds. In fact, if other dancers behind me looked, they would have had the same view of my wife’s sweet pussy. When the tempo, lyrics, and volume changed, the crowd started moving up in unison to a standing position.  This time, Marianne did not reach to her sides to adjust her skirt as she normally does. With a coy look and a little wiggle of her hips, she kept on dancing.It was quite apparent that the front of her skirt was just barely below her silky smooth pussy lips. When she spun around, I could see that the fringes of the cut-off fabric were even with her ass cheeks.   With everyone close together on the dance floor, her pussy was still hidden from view.  Nonetheless, the thought of Marianne’s risqué dancing was a huge turn-on.I guess the atmosphere and libations had freed my wife’s inner exhibitionist. With a sly smile as we danced, she slowly moved her way to the edge of the dance floor by the tables.Now the angles were completely different. As I mentioned earlier, the dance floor was a couple of steps up, and most everyone around it was seated.  Nearby tables had a nice treat as my wife “innocently” provided occasional glimpses of her pussy and ass under her skirt while pretending not to notice.  I covertly scanned the closer tables to see several people had taken up Marianne’s offer. A brunette with ample cleavage and her husband returned a grin when I glanced in their direction. We danced the remaining songs in the set as Marianne did her “moms gone wild” thing!When the band paused to take a break, we took a seat on a ledge over by the stage. Once the live music restarted, the dance floor started to get crowded again. Directly in front of us was another couple. The guy was not being too subtle and kept maneuvering so that he was facing us. I then realized that the way Marianne was sitting on the wall, her skirt inched up her shapely thighs.  When I pointed this out, she parted her legs just a bit and gave me a devilish smile.Off to the side, I noticed the brunette and her husband who grinned at me earlier were occasionally glancing our way and engaged in playful conversation.  After a few smiles between the two, she left in the direction of the restroom, returned a few minutes later, and went straight to the dance floor where her husband quickly joined her.  It was quite apparent the restroom stop was to remove her bra and undo a few buttons of her blouse. As the brunette danced, her breast swayed ever so slightly under the now, loose fabric of her blouse.  The firmness of her nipples and the darkness of her areola were clearly visible through the sheer white material.  With someone else ready to take over the role of sexy exhibitionist wife, Marianne and I made our way to the exit.We decided to walk across the marina docks to get to the car. Before reaching the parking lot, my girl ran ahead and thrust her chest out to strike a pose. I pulled out my phone to document the moment.  She then proceeded to turn a little so her back was toward me. With a little support from a nearby dock piling, she spread her legs wide and bent over at the waist. Adding to the provocative posture, she curled the small of her back down and rose up on the tips of her toes. It goes without saying that I had a great view of my wife’s perfect ass and the protruding folds of her pussy lips.  To make a great picture epic, the embroidered appliqué LOVE, in big letters, was visible on the back of her mini skirt and captured by the camera.“Hurry! Take a few more pictures,” Marianne yelled back, “there are people walking this way!”