I’m Sandra, a former actress in my 50’s who just became a Christian.Something very odd has happened in my life.I’ve fallen in love with a much younger man, closer to 30. The feeling is mutual. We met at our Baptist church and hit it off. We have so much in common, besides Christianity. He is very mature for his age.Our pastor was very concerned until we met with him. He supports us now fully and has married us.The honeymoon is something I’ll never forget.The look on his face was priceless when he saw my very large titties and nipples, which are the size of a silver dollar.I grabbed his hands and placed than on my breasts. I leaned down and asked him to suck my nipples. It was a big turn on knowing this is the first time he’s ever seen boobs. The feeling was the best I’ve ever had.I came down and pulled down his underwear and sweats at the same time, and his big cock flopped out. It was time to please him!I licked his shaft as he immediately moaned. My heart beat faster, knowing he’d never had his cock sucked. I started sucking his balls as I stroked his cock, his balls moving against my full lips and tongue. He screamed with delight.I started deep throating him, sucking wildly, my full lips wrapped around his cock, sucking hard, wanting to give him my best. When he was about to come, I pulled back and lightly licked his head.After a minute, I got up and straddled him. As I moved up and down fast, I placed his hands on my big, smooth butt, helping me ride him. I loved watching his innocent eyes as they watched my big boobs bounce up and down. It was such a turn on.I tilted my head back, ran my fingers through my hair and moaned with absolute pleasure as I rode his cock hard, then harder and harder.“Are you about ready to come, baby?” I asked.“Yes!”I quickly got off and started sucking his cock even harder this time. It was such a turn on having his hard cock in my mouth. He shot his load in my mouth—a huge load! It kept coming and coming, and he screamed with absolute delight!As he lay there panting, I looked at him, then he looked at me. I swallowed his cum.“How can you do that?” he asked.I smiled. “I’m a Christian now, but I wasn’t always. And… there are benefits to having an experienced wife.”