Last week E had been traveling for work for five days.  When we spoke on the phone on day four, she made it quite clear that despite her flight grounding at 10:30 PM the next evening, she expected me to be ready and waiting for her after this trip.  Always one to oblige, I made sure I got a great night’s rest and was ready to honor her request that next day.Not long after E’s arrival home, we made our way to the bedroom.  After a passionate welcome home kiss, it didn’t take us long to peal off one another’s clothes.    The caress of her hands on my cock sent a sharp quiver through my body.  My hands explored her breast as she sighed.  I love the feel of her body when I haven’t touched her in days, as her supple soft skin reacts in such a way that exudes her “want”.  Every part of her was at full attention.E rolls onto her back to invite me with full access to her love place.  I lightly caress her creases from her puckered ass hole and then up the outer rim of her pussy.  I am intentional with my touch, offering constant glancing teasing and raising her want even more.   She squirms as my fingers lightly touch her clit, and she repositions her pelvis so my finger has no option but to enter her.  She’s soaking went and it enters with ease.I tease the inner edges and then slightly bend that finger to massage her G spot.  E gasps in pleasure and pulls her legs closer a bit to ensure my finger doesn’t move.  I work my finger in a circular motion across that spot and gasps tremble from E’s lips.  Her body starts to tense up and I keep everything just as it is now. I’m holding her entire pussy in full grasp of my right hand, maintaining one finger inside, and pressing that perfect spot.She squeezes her legs and hips to ensure it stays right where it is.  E’s body shakes and her breathing pauses through the her incredible release.  I love the feel of her when she is cumming in my hands.  It took all of three minutes for this magic to happen as her body was so hungry for that climax.She comes down from this high, pulls me towards her, and signals she now wanted me inside of her. I was more than happy to oblige   I enter her well lubricated tunnel from the missionary position with ease.  I take my time, alternating at various depths as I hear and feel the suction from our bodies coming together.  She’s so wet at this moment.While deep inside of E, I prop myself up, placing my hands against our headboard to create resistance.  It’s time to go deep as E pulls me in as deep as her body will receive me.  Our pelvis’s are locked.  We hold that spot for a bit. I slide out of her a little, exploring her with my rigid cock hitting different depths.Without notice I push myself in deep once again.  We keep repeating this pattern and each time I go deep, E’s groans get louder.  In time her hands wrap firmly on my ass which is her signal for me to bring it home.  Our pace picks up with me continuing to use the headboard for leverage.   One of her hands stays on my ass as the other reaches under to fondle my balls.After several fast paced thrust with her hand holding my jewels I explode. E groans one last time in satisfaction, I feel her inner walls pulsing, and I release my seed into her.  What a great reunion!