Greg is on the computer paying bills. It is his least favorite thing to do. I’m sitting in the living room, trying to give him his space, when he calls out to me. Once I reach the desk, he grabs me by the waist, swiftly pulls me around to him, and pushes my hips back until I’m sitting on the desk. He slides his hand up my stockings until his fingers touch the bare skin of my thighs, then abruptly pulls my legs open. His left hand slides higher until he can rub his fingers over my silky panties. His right squeezes my breasts—hard.The speed and urgency of his “attack” quickly have me moaning out and shaking. I love it fast and hard. But Greg changes speed and slowly moves my panties to the side, running his finger over my soft, smooth, wet slit. I lift my hips towards his invading fingers, inviting him inside. Still moving slowly, Greg slides his finger up into my pussy. I love it slow as well.“I need your hot, wet, tight pussy, baby. We might be broke, but I’ve got you.”I moan as he fingers me, now going hard and fast and still squeezing my tit hard. Pulling his face down, I kiss him passionately while wrestling his t-shirt off him and tossing it aside. My mouth moves to his body, kissing and licking his hard nipples as he fingers me.Sliding my hands down further, I start to rub his cock through his shorts. He’s so beautifully hard and full of need. Pulling the shorts down, I grab his dick and slowly stroke his smooth shaft. We both moan, and he pushes me onto my back on the desk. Gripping my hips, he pulls me right to the edge of the desk. I create an image of us in my mind as he takes aim and slowly pushes into my tight pussy. He stretches me and fills me completely, and I cry out in delight.“That’s it, baby, scream for it. You like my big cock in you, don’t you?”“Yesss, yesss, please. Yesss, take me!” I pant and moan as Greg pulls out and thrusts back in again with a power that takes my breath from me. Over and over, he takes me relentlessly. It’s primal and pure, and I’m in bliss.“That’s a good wife. Take it all.”Greg pounds me incredibly hard, and I thrash around on the desktop. He is almost grunting with each thrust, and his cock begins to swell harder and throb as my pussy spasms, and I cum all over him. My orgasm makes me shake and convulse on the desktop as he pulls out with a moan. But I know he’s not done yet.My juices flow out of me as I feel his hot cum splashing on my face, neck, and dress. After the shock of him shooting off all over me, I moan and rub it into my face, then suck his delicious cream off my fingers. He’s got me moaning and begging for more, and I scream out as he thrusts his still-stiff cock back into me.“Your wish is my desire, my love.”