(L) – This story contains strong language.My hubby and I had the most intense chat today about so many of our best times. It has happened a few times over the past 13 years, but it was especially needed now.We’ve been in a bit of a rut lately. I had an operation recently, and during my recovery, he was scared to touch me in case he got too dominant. But we’ve managed to keep the sexual spark alive in other ways.The main thing we spoke about in our talk today was the buildup—that fucking amazing, mind-blowing buildup that gives you blue balls, blue vag, blue everything!Sex is great, no question, but you cannot beat that prolonged teasing—barely touching, winking, minimal pieces of dirty talk, just snippets throughout the day or days, especially in public.That’s one thing we will never get bored of or need to spice up.We were playing one of our favourite games: people watching at a café, making guesses about their lives—including their sex lives.We got talking about how vanilla people can be, and how I personally think most people are a lot freakier than they let on, but I guess I don’t know for sure.We’ve always been incredibly compatible sexually, and are forever opening up kinks we had no idea we liked until we tried.We’ve had sex conversations with friends, and they always look at us like we are mental. We occasionally get the odd comment along the lines of “you’re so fucking lucky,” and my husband has even had some comments when I’m not around, which make me wetter than you’d believe just from words. I get off so easily from talking about sex, but knowing someone is telling my hubby how lucky he is—that’s the fucking brink right there! Get home and fill me fucking up!I love that we keep the passion alive, but believe me, we do have times when we just can’t be bothered to get to it. Other times we are totally opposite levels. But fuck me, there is nothing better than reaching that pinnacle and shooting those glances, the innuendos, the power play, and knowing that whenever the end of this may be, I’m gonna get plowed to the point I can barely walk.We’ve done anal occasionally. I prefer it sometimes—I can cum on tap anyway. We’ve definitely mastered our own and each other’s bodies, but anal, that’s my spot. I think we don’t do it all the time because it’ll take away the taboo of it.But just recently, wow, I’ve been craving my ass being filled up so much that its all I’ve thought about, especially the past couple of days. With him working away, I had to handle my business alone last night. Just a finger tipped me over the edge! My nipples were rock-fucking-hard and aching for his touch. I have the most sensitive nipples. I’ve cum from nipple play and dry humping many a time.I decided to tell him this, but not as I normally would in public. I didn’t know if it would backfire and I’d regret not saying anything to him, but every part of me was screaming “not yet!”We both have a bit of a kink with how we want the other to react. He gets off when I’m least expecting him to want anything. He might surprise me when I’m getting out of the shower, and suddenly he’s on me like white on rice. He grabs my face and pulls it to his saying, “I’m gonna fuck you now” in that I-don’t-care-what-you-say tone. I like to add a little “But we’re gonna be late” or something along those lines just to add to his power play.I won’t deny it, I just love it when he ravages the life out of me. Like when he dives his face straight into my pussy out of nowhere, telling me how good I smell and taste, and eating me out like I’m his last meal.I’m so grateful for this passion with someone who calls me their world. I’m so fucking lucky.Now to the story.This was the first night he was home after working away. I waited until he came to bed. We had both had a really long few weeks, and hadn’t had full sex in ages with everything going on. I was feeling more than ready, but I wanted it to be perfect, so I had waited to mention anything about exploring myself to make sure. He was working away the past 4 nights so I had the perfect time to make sure I was ready, and fuck me, was I ready.“Love you,” he whispered as he climbed into bed, making me the little spoon. He softly turned my head towards him and kissed my forehead whilst caressing my ass. “How you feeling?”He’s always the sweetest.“I’ve been feeling OK, but something’s not right,” I replied.He sat up and turned the lamp on. I was curled up facing away from him like I was ready to fall asleep. He cradled me and tried to get me to look at him. I grabbed his hand and lead it to my pussy from behind. The way he had to part my bubble butt ass cheeks to access it turned me on like it always does. He is very much an ass man, especially formyass. He even tells me, “I’m a your-ass man.”Fuck, he’s hot.I was wet—dripping actually, from the anticipation.He moaned in my ear as he realised that, which sent my pussy tingling. His fingers were covered in my juices already. Then he started rubbing my clit, and I couldn’t help but moan, and I bit my lip so hard I thought I’d make it bleed.He moved back down to my pussy hole and toyed outside it, desperate to be given the go ahead.“Try one, then two, then—” I didn’t get to finish my words as he slipped one of his monstrous fingers in my aching slit.This man has got the most incredible hands. He’s huge in every way, and so fucking manly—the best kind of manly: the safe, protective kind.I moaned instantly. Fuck, how I’d missed this. I could tell that, when the second finger went in, I would feel so stretched.“Ready?” he asked.“Mmmm hmmm,” I replied, trying to sound oh so innocent.As he slipped a second finger in, he whispered “Good girl” in my ear, and I let out an uncontrollable moan, almost a growl.I surrender to those two little words every fucking time, and he knows it.I managed to say, “I don’t know how I handle your cock.” I moaned in his ear, and felt his rock hard cock throbbing against me.“You take it so fucking well my queen.”And with that, he moved me so effortlessly onto my front, and I willingly put my ass in the air, my pussy still tight around his fingers.He knows me oh so well. I fucking love everything he does to me, but it’s the very best while on my front. I don’t know if it’s pressure or blood flow—I’ve never cared to figure it out, but he’s a master at work.I was bent over with my head up, my arms crossed on the mattress, allowing my nipples to just graze the sheet.Honestly, I’m pretty sure I just had a mental orgasm just from knowing how much more variety there was to follow.He gently put his other hand around my neck and squeezed just enough to give me a sense of euphoria, but not enough to affect my breathing to a substantial degree.I was at his mercy. He was literally wearing me like a puppet, and I’m sure if he had normal sized hands, there’d be more of him inside me now.As I was enjoying every second, I noticed his rhythm start to build up, and he moved his hand from my neck and pushed my face sideways into the mattress, freeing my hands to wander wherever they could reach. I knew what this was an invitation for.I moved my hand between his legs and grabbed his thick, veiny cock. His speed picked up even more, and I could hear my juices gushing around his fingers. Fuck, it sounded so hot!He managed to grab our smallest sex pillow, sliding it under me so it dugs into my stomach in just the right spot. All I could do was squeeze his cock as my orgasm pulsed through me, and the intensity of my moaning went from a five to a ten instantly—there was no way the neighbours didn’t hear us.He slipped out his dripping fingers and slapped my pulsing clit a few times before bringing his fingers to my mouth and smiling. I lapped up my juices greedily, and as soon as I finished, he was behind me, and he flipped me over with no hesitation.“I want mine straight from the source,” he growled, “and I’m going to watch you moan as I enjoy every part of you.”Part 2 to follow—if you’re interested?He has just got home from another three nights of working away. I can’t wait! Gotta go!