Where have you orgasmed alone outside your home (not including a parked car), alone, with or without your spouse? Pick up to three answers and share your story in the comments.You would not believe me if I told you?Under the table at a crowded restaurant or barOn a beachAt the cinema during a movieAmidst nature outsideIn a dressing or roomIn a public restroomDuring a long-haul flight under a cozy blanketView ResultsLoading ...CreamyPatty Writes:Ever bring your vehicle to a self-serve car wash and notice the powerful vibration in the hose line as some 2,000 psi of water pulsates when the trigger is pulled?I never really did until last week, and it was an experience I will not soon forget.Those loyal MH readers here may recall that I’m not exactly shy when it comes to strutting my stuff and exploiting my sexuality and God’s gifts bestowed upon me for my and Jim’s enjoyment; well, okay, maybe others occasionally with his approval!Now, on this particular Saturday morning, I did not set out to put myself on display for my enjoyment or that of others around me. In fact, I was dressed in my jeans shorts and a tank top, hoping to chill a little while giving my Jeep a much-needed bath. The place was busy, and as usual, I was getting more than my share of attention from a few guys, but it’s really not as much fun to cocktease without Jim around to encourage me and share with me (later in bed) just how hot I looked as well as the effect I was having on T & A lovers within an eyeshot.Jim usually does this for me as one of his chores, and he is handsomely rewarded with his favorite “Boneus” (his term for a deep, sloppy blowjob), but he was on the road (AGAIN!) that weekend, and this chore couldn’t wait. Funny, now that I’m writing this short story, I recall that while I was stuffing the tokens in the wash timer, I was thinking about giving myself a female version of a big “Boneus” when I get back home – by sprawling out on my bed and using a toy or two to reward myself for a job well done. Seems I get so horny with the slightest provocation these days – and Jim’s work travel schedule doesn’t help this condition much!So, with the long water line blasting my dirty Jeep, I couldn’t help but notice the very steady, strong pulsating emanating from the hose as I stretched out and it brushed up against my braless top. My nipples became hard as a rock, as they usually do when I twist them, or, of course, Jim expertly plays hard with them with his tongue and teeth. So, with this sexy thought playing in my mind, I stepped over it with one leg, working the hose to a perfect spot between my legs as I continued soaking my SUV and my aching pussy at the same time.I will try to convey just how sexy and liberated I felt while two guys watched me innocently hosing down my Jeep as an orgasm was beginning to build, but it’s almost indescribable! Looking into the eyes of two total strangers while I’m fully clothed and building up to an orgasm is awesome! In only a matter of seconds, I experienced a VERY powerful and intense orgasm while maintaining eye contact.How did I look at them?Could they tell I had a huge orgasm?Could they see my nips pointing through my top from where they stood?Was I shaking?I had no idea, but I do know I was soaking wet and my creamy pussy needed LOTS more attention when I arrived back home – and I indulged my needs for two hours!