Sooo, this is my first time posting here and the last for quite a while in the foreseeable future. You see, I stumbled across MarriageHeat while researching sex in Christian marriages. I found this site, and I so indulged myself with the extensive, revealing, mouth-watering stories you have here…so hot! Today, I went through a few stories that aroused me a lot. By the time I was reading the fourth story, I was in a frenzy; my stomach convulsed and I gushed! You read that right! I did not even touch myself. That speaks a lot of the power of the mind and of course, your incredible writing!Well, I am not married, and I have decided to avoid (read: stop) stimulating myself with arousing content. Until the time God deems it right to bless me with a partner to quench my burning desires, I will fill my mind with other thoughts and content. I am highly sexual, and this will require a lot of resolve, faith, and intentionality. I have learned a lot from you guys, and I will be back when I am married. For you who are married:May your marriage delights swell your hearts with thanksgiving for the good gifts that God has granted you and your spouse. She is a good gift. He is a good gift. Sex is a good gift for the two of you!May your intimacy in lovemaking remind you of the close intimacy that God desires with the church. May that reminder create in you an obedient spirit and high regard for your marriage. Open up to each other. Please her! Please him! Talk to her! Tell her why you love her! Drive his imagination crazy! Tell her of the marvels you get from her! Bare your heart with truth; tell her your needs and desires! Find pleasure in your moments with him! Submit to each other willingly.May you learn to be selfless with your love and its expression in and outside the bedroom. May her breasts enamor you, and may the curves of her body captivate your heart. May his strokes intoxicate you, may you find pleasure in his lips, and may this love overflow in genuine care for the people around you.To you wives, may your quiet spirits, beauty, and charm keep him fed, satisfied, and excited all the days of your married life.To you husbands, may your lovemaking assure her of the security she has in your marriage and more so in Christ.  May her honeypot always have you craving more.May you seek each other as Christ seeks the church! May your marriage bring you closer to Christ! What a gift you have! Make haste my beloved! Make haste!