My wife is a conservative, “old-fashioned country girl,” and she almost always prefers me to initiate our lovemaking in our marriage.  Over the years, I have found that she often presents an aura of indifference when I start things, a sort of “take it or leave it” attitude about sex.  But once aroused, her enthusiasm increases—sometimes exponentially—and she gets into it mentally and physically.  Once she’s in the mood, the experience is always amazing; it’s never like she is bored and just “playing along to get along.”  So being the initiator is very rewarding and certainly worth the effort on my part.  I admit that if I have to “work a little harder” to get her in the mood, it puts me in the teasing husband mode many times and consistently plays out well.   Once I have her thoroughly aroused, I can get some “husbandly satisfaction” by making her wait (and sometimes even beg a little) when initially she seemed indifferent to my advances.However, when Janet is in the mood to initiate sex, the experience is even more fantastic!  She has two “bedroom personas.”  The first is when she starts things and exhibits a slightly more aggressive, take-charge attitude.  Then there is the more sultry version.  In this personality, my wife genuinely seems to feel most attractive and desirable and uses her arousal skills and physical attributes to totally overwhelm me with her sexuality.  Many times, she shows a blend of the two personas.This story describes one of my experiences as the fortunate husband showered with attention from his beautiful wife.One weekend, my wife and I spent the day doing lawn care.  Janet was very grateful for all my hard work and thanked me multiple times.  At the end of the day, we showered and eventually headed to bed.  I had settled into my usual sleeping position, lying on my right side facing away from her.  She had her bedside lamp on to allow for some reading.  We had kissed goodnight, and I excepted to fall asleep fairly quickly.As I rested, I felt Janet shift closer, pressing against my back in a spooning position.  Her arm draped over my waist.“Mind if I snuggle?” she asked innocently.“Sure,” I murmured.  I was a little tired but didn’t mind that the lamp was still on, shedding some low-level light.  I was NOT too tired to notice when Janet’s hand slipped under the bottom edge of my T-shirt and rested on my belly.  Soon, I felt my wife’s fingers moving gently, her fingertips lightly grazing the skin near my belly button!  Her caresses in that area always make me feel warm inside.  I immediately became more alert as my wife’s talented fingertips kept circling, sometimes dipping into my navel’s slight hollow.  I felt her press even firmer against me, her chest against my back.My wife nuzzled her lips against the side of my neck.  “Mmmm, you smell good,” she whispered.  Her arm wrapped over me more tightly, and I thought I could feel her breasts pushing harder into my back—maybe even the faint hint of erect nipples.  I was trapped in this wonderful position, and soon everything got even better!Janet’s fingers moved northward up my belly and toward my chest.  I remained very still,  trying to avoid doing anything that might disrupt her obvious plans.  I could feel her breath on the side and back of my neck as her fingertips arrived at my chest.  Without a word, my wife started caressing my pecs.My pulse quickened as Janet worked slowly and inevitably toward my hardening nipples.  When her fingertips lazily grazed my small left areola, I gasped in delight!  She kept teasing around each one as she exhaled onto the side and back of my neck, causing additional little tingles of excitement!  I melted into husbandly heaven as she kept working her magic so close to my tips.Occasionally, Janet’s fingers brushed against the sides of my nipples, and I realized she had to work in a restricted space under my shirt.  I was starting to moan lightly as my arousal climbed skyward, and she hadn’t even intentionally touched a nipple yet!  My light moans became louder, and I thought shifting my torso to loosen my shirt would allow her more room to make her task easier (and more fun for me.)“Shhh,” My wife whispered, “Just hold still… and try to be very quiet.”From years of lovemaking, I knew she would test my ability to follow those commands.   Her voice trailed off as her fingers just… kept… going!  I knew if I followed her instructions and allowed her to test my limits, great pleasure would be mine.  I swallowed as she continued slowly caressing my nipples.Using only one or two fingertips, Janet lightly touched, flicked, and teased each tiny erect tip.  Her pace was maddeningly slow and tantalizingly torturous; it seemed as though she were intent on feeling every pore of my sensitive nubs.Holding my body still under her incessant fingers was difficult but doable.  Keeping my breathing and noises under control became harder and harder!  I did my best to stay within the limits of her “verbal bondage” while my talented wife continued her relentless barrage.  Her delicate fingertips flicked and teased, going from one to the other, never allowing me a respite from the increasing arousal.  The incredible sensations just kept ramping up!  I began swallowing harder and a little louder, muffling any involuntary noises by clenching my teeth.Hearing my resolve weakening, Janet slowly tapped each tip, and I finally broke!  An audible sigh mixed with a low, gurgling moan escaped between my closed teeth and lips!  My wife took turns capturing each erect point between a fingertip and a thumb.  She pinched very lightly and tugged each fortunate nipple until I was helplessly groaning and panting with delight, my mouth hanging open from the delicious excitement only she could give.My grateful wife murmured against my neck, “I’m sorry to keep you up.  I just thought you deserved a reward for all your hard work today.” Janet kept her fingers moving over my chest and nipples while she continued.  “Is that okay?”  She apparently wanted to hear her already-aroused husband try to respond while melting under her touch.I did my best to speak coherently.  “Aaaah… ooooh… yeah.  Thank you…”  I moaned softly.My wife kissed my neck while dabbing at my hard tips.  “Thank me later,” she murmured.  “When I’m all finished with you.” Janet let her hand wander all over my torso.  “Mmm,” She murmured.  “Why don’t you take your clothes off and roll over onto your stomach.”My desire was already raging, and in the prone position, my erect penis would be stimulated even more from my weight pressing it against the bed!  I slipped my shirt and workout shorts off and obediently turned over.  For the first time,  I noticed that my lovely wife had been naked all this time!  That meant she had been planning my seduction all along, and my desire inched up even higher!Once I’d turned onto my stomach,  Janet straddled my thighs, and her weight added even more pressure on my trapped organ while she began a thorough massage.  “Mmm, nice muscles,” she said.  “I’m sure they’re tired and sore!”My wife diligently worked on my torso.  Eventually, she used her thumbs to press firmly up and down along each side of my spine.  Starting at my upper back and moving to my mid-back, her thumbs pressed firmly from my spine outward.  My lower ribs have a groove that is especially sensitive to firm pressure, and Janet applied just the right touch.  I felt an indescribably arousing blend of tickling mixed with sexual excitement!“Gah!” I blurted, involuntarily squirming under her.  Of course, my movements added to the friction against my trapped penis, adding fuel to my erection.“Oh, MY!” My wife said.  “That’s a good spot!”“Ah, Yea—” I started, but she did the same thing again with the same gasping, twisting, and squirming result.  Just for good measure, Janet added a more deliberate tickling move as she reached my sides!  She dug her fingertips into my already overstimulated ribs, causing some serious squirming under her.  I gasped, “Oh NO!”  I couldn’t move very well with her weight pressing on my hips, but thankfully she paused after only a couple of pokes, and I could catch my breath.  “Oh, guhh,” was all I could utter while recovering from her sensual attack.“I’m sorry,” my wife laughed lightly, “I couldn’t resist!” I felt her fingers moving on my back, and I started to shift and tensed up, expecting another assault.  “Calm down…” Janet said softly.  “Now I’m going to make it up to you.”My breathing slowed a bit as I awaited her next move.  When I felt her fingertips caressing lightly over my torso,  I knew that her making-up target would be my sensitive lower back; light stroking across that wide area always creates the familiar tickling tingles of sexual excitement.  Janet did just as I expected, caressing with her deft fingertips for a brief time.  Then my wife shifted herself toward my feet, so her weight pressed on the back of my thighs.  She could now lean over to add light butterfly kisses over my lower back.Janet sensed my arousal increasing and teased between her kisses, “Am I forgiven?”“Uh, huh,” I sighed in affirmation.My sultry wife murmured, “That’s good…” and began concentrating her kisses on my right lower back, just below my ribcage.  It’s an area the size of an index card that is EXTREMELY sensitive once I am aroused.  Janet’s exquisite combination of delicate kisses and touches soon had me moaning and squirming,  almost to the point of not being able to hold still for her lightest of “tortures” on my sensitive lower back.“Oh MY!  OH MY!” I kept groaning, the volume of my voice helplessly increasing when I felt the lightest of warm, wet touches from the tip of Janet’s tongue!  When she performed that sensual motion, it felt like an extra little jolt of sexual energy!  So you can imagine the effect of my wife’s deliberate actions on my poor trapped male organ.Before I “suffered” too long, Janet slowed her actions.  “Would you like to turn over?” she murmured.“Yes, please,” I whispered in a voice now hoarse with breathless excitement.My wife allowed me total freedom as I rolled onto my back, one pillow under my shoulders and head.  As my erection sprung out from under me, Janet took notice and grinned.  “That really WAS a good spot!”  She was back on top and straddling my waist the minute I got settled.Many times, Janet prefers dim lighting during our lovemaking, so her decision to leave her bedside lamp on was all for me!  I had the great pleasure of seeing my wife’s incredible, curvy body with her thighs on either side of my torso and her large breasts on full display.“Now,” Janet said, “I can REALLY make it up to you!” She started caressing my belly, but her hands soon worked toward my chest.  My wife reached over to her side of the bed and brought out the small jar of coconut oil we always keep in the nightstand for just such occasions.  She had apparently hidden it under her pillow in anticipation of tonight’s fun.  When I realized her ardor and preparations, my excitement went even higher.Janet opened the jar and dipped her fingers into it.  “Oh.”  She hesitated.  “You don’t mind if I use this, do you?  I forgot to ask!”Her mischievous initiatives overcame me.  All I could do was drink in the sight of my wife, perched on top of me with her favorite “accessory” almost dripping from her hands, ready to overwhelm my senses with her beauty and talents!  “Whatever you want to do,” I croaked in sweet desperation.“Mmmmm, yeah.”  Janet’s eyes glistened with anticipation.  “That’s the right answer!” She used both hands to start spreading the oil all over my torso and chest.Primed from all her preceding actions, I moaned as Janet began teasing my erect little tips.  Soon she was resting her hands on my chest, moving her oily thumbs back and forth across my nipples like little windshield wipers moving gently and steadily.  Then she circled my tips and teased and touched and wiggled and waggled on and around each erect point!“Oh, My Go-o-sh!” I groaned as my breathing quickened.My teasing temptress watched my face as she kept playing, her eyes gleaming in delight as she watched me melting under her touch.  I am sure my eyes were wide, glazed over with excitement, and my mouth was partially open as I became more aroused.Despite all her attention, I wasn’t oblivious to Janet’s charms on full display before me.  As she leaned forward to play on my chest, her big beautiful breasts were hanging down, inviting my touch.  I reached up and began fondling those fabulous globes, squeezing and kneading her flesh.  I brushed each turgid nipple with the backs of my curled fingers, then took hold of each elongated tip and began a gentle pulling motion.  My reciprocation was starting to “even the score” until my almost-moaning wife leaned forward and pressed her chest against my upper body.  This freed and shielded her sensitive nipples from my eager hands, and she regained control of our lovemaking.“Mmmmm,” Janet murmured.  “Tonight, I’ll do most of the work.”  With her upper body pressing against me, my wife had great support.  Her arms were bent, and her elbows braced on the bed, one on each side of my chest.  She could rest her hands near my nipples and started teasing them once more.  “Raise your arms,” my wife insisted.I stretched my limbs toward the head of the bed.  My pulse quickened because I knew what was coming next.Janet slowly played over my pecs and circled my nipples with her fingertips.  She dabbled at each rigid point before trailing over to my sides.  Her fingers caressed all over the muscles forming my armpits, then trailed up through the hollows and onto the invisible line between my biceps and triceps muscles.  Up and down she went, concentrating on that most sensitive flesh of my underarms.As always, her sensual, “tickling” caresses on my arms sent my arousal rocketing!  By lying on top of me, she had her pelvis pressed against my swollen manhood—to great effect.  Trapped under her arm body was a wonderful place to be as every flick of her fingers and helpless squirm of my hips caused my erection to throb and twitch in delight.  I clutched at my pillow and the bedsheets to keep my limbs up, trying to withstand her relentless teasing!  My eyes wide with excitement, I writhed under her, bucking my pelvis upward as I moaned “OH! OH, HO!  ” in sensual anguish!  My wonderful wife was absolutely wrecking me with her overwhelming touch!Janet gradually slowed down and brought her hands back to my chest, allowing me some relief.  I couldn’t keep my arms up and brought them down, letting them extend straight out from my sides.  My breathing slowed as I recovered, but Janet was not finished with me yet.  As she continued playing among the light sprinkling of hair on my chest,  I kept squirming a bit and pressed my hands into the mattress.   Then Janet slowed her incessant fingers.“Oh, guuhh…” I sighed in relief.My wife rested her chin on my chest and looked at me.  “Doing okay?” Janet asked sweetly,  using her delicious ‘innocent girl” voice as if she had no idea why I had been panting and unable to hold still under her warm body for the past few minutes.“Uuhh, huuuuuh…” I groaned with glazed eyes, pretending to show I still had some semblance of control.“Really?…” My temptress said,  questioning my resolve.  “And I haven’t even STARTED kissing your chest,” she reminded me.  That sensual warning sent a new spark of excited anticipation to my already overloaded brain.Janet glanced down and studied her fingertip as it circled one nipple with great precision, making sure my sparse chest hairs were out of the way for her next activity.  My beautiful wife leaned over so that her mouth was right over that tip as she murmured an invitation.  “I left the light on because I know you like to watch.”  Her mouth opened slightly as her eyes, glistening in desire, refocused on mine.With my head propped up just a little, I could see everything Janet was doing, and she waited to make sure I was truly paying attention before beginning her “show.”  She reached out her tongue, and I concentrated on the soft, wet tip as it came closer and closer to its target.  When she finally dabbed at the very tip of my nipple, I whimpered in pleasure at the tiny bit of contact.Her mouth was still open with her tongue touching that tip when I heard an almost inaudible “Hhhhhhaa….” sound as she exhaled her warm breath over my wet point.Janet’s eyes gleamed in satisfaction from my perfect response.  “Huuuhhhh…..” I moaned, knowing much more was on the way.  “Ooooh, guuuhh.”  I continued to groan as my wife slowly swirled her tongue all around and back and forth over my erect nipple.Soon she went to the other side, tasting that nub as well.  Janet began a languorous exploration of my nipples with her tongue, going from side to side as I once again squirmed and gasped in excitement.  Gradually, she picked up the pace of her tongue, teasing and flicking each nipple while all I could do was moan.Then my wife added another motion to increase my excitement.  While kissing, licking, and lightly sucking one nipple, she used her talented fingers and thumbs to flick and tease the other.As Janet continued her wonderful assault on my chest, she focused solely on my sensitive nipples.  My wife no longer even looked at my face for my reactions because she could sense my expressions by my helpless noises and the constant squirming of my hips.  She moved from side to side faster and faster, mouth on one side, fingers flicking on the other, not letting me recover!Now I was going nuts, and I tried to reach up to touch my wife’s chest.  Because she pressed herself so firmly on top of me, I could only caress the sides of her breasts where they squashed against my torso.“I can’t take much more!” I finally moaned.  Janet didn’t stop immediately, but she did slow down to relieve the intensity.  “Thank yooouuu,” I groaned, appreciative of her sympathy for my wonderfully overworked body.“Now remember what I told you,”  she said, playfully scolding me, trying to make her voice sound annoyed.  “Don’t thank me until I’m finished with you!”My wife stopped working on my chest and sat up, obviously surveying her territory (my stretched-out body) with her eyes before deciding on her next move.  Before my impatient hands could get busy,  she scooted forward.  Now I had an eyeful of her body atop me, her large breasts pointing down like torpedos of pale flesh, all for my viewing pleasure.With a gleam in her eyes, Janet said, “I know you’ve been wanting these!”“Oh yeee-ah,” I confirmed.Before I could reach up, my wife said, “Keep your hands down!  I want to tantalize you for a while!”“I’ll try,” I said in what must have been a less-than-convincing tone.“Raise your arms,” she insisted quietly.I obeyed, stretching my limbs toward the headboard.  Janet leaned forward and placed her hands on my arms to hold them against the pillow and mattress.  Her large breasts tipped with long, pink, erect nipples filled my vision.  I could raise my head just a little, but I couldn’t reach them without her cooperation.My wife smiled and said, “Let’s play…. chase!”“Chase” is one of our favorite little bedroom games.  It’s a sensual version of Keep-away.  Janet will lean over me, allowing her lovely breasts and nipples to hang above my face, and she expects me to try to use my mouth, lips, and tongue on those tantalizing globes.  Then she will shift her torso from side to side or up and down to keep her nipples just out of reach.  I can’t have them until the owner of the lovely breasts decides I have chased after them long enough.  I LOVE this activity for the obvious rewards and how my wife enjoys herself during the game.  When Janet is in her ”tantalizing temptress” mood,  she relishes using her body to tease me until I am one hot mess of a supremely aroused husband!Now, with my wife leaning forward and holding my arms down, the fun began!  Janet’s eyes shone with her desire to tease me with her most magnificent chest.  She allowed those torpedos of flesh to hang very close to my face.  I opened my mouth and raised my head, and a long erect nipple was only an inch away when she shifted her torso and pulled it away!  She continued letting her boobs sway from side to side, keeping just out of my reach.The more I tried, the more crazed I became.  Depending on her mood,  Janet might verbally tease me to let me know when she wants to hear me beg for her sweet flesh.  Her silence tonight while she watched my struggles as she enticed me with her delicious fruits meant she expected me to show with just my actions how badly I wanted her amazing breasts.  I proved my incredible hunger; each strain of my neck and stretch of my tongue was accompanied by a grunt or groan of physical exertion and disappointed arousal as my prize remained held out of reach.I think Janet was becoming hypnotized by her own power and my extreme desire.  She murmured, “Such a good boy….”Her compliment, dripping with sensuality, seared into my male brain!  My arousal and physical attempts to please her went up several notches on the ravenous-husband scale!As I kept feverishly working, my rewards inched closer.  My sensual wife leaned the tiniest bit forward to allow her nipples juuust within reach for a quick taste from my tongue as they swung by my face.  A couple more passes of her chest, and I could almost capture an entire nipple, but only with my lips—and just for a few fiery seconds because Janet’s talented dance only allowed a brief interlude of oral pleasure before the tip was slowly, torturously pulled away!  My whimpering groan of anguish at the loss of my treat was short-lived, though; as soon as one nipple was out of reach, my talented wife would turn her torso a little and offer the other delicious tip.For the next few minutes, my entire existence centered on only two things: Janet’s sensitive nipples and my ravenous mouth!  After several of her tantalizing offerings, I was beside myself with arousal!  I knew if I could just lick and suck her tips long enough,  her excitement would build until SHE gave in to my desires.  My efforts consumed me: I constantly worked at my task, grunting and groaning with each stretch of my neck and flick of my tongue.And finally, it happened!  I realized my seductive wife was slowing the side-to-side movements of her torso, as well as lowering her precious fruits for my convenience.  As each nipple passed, I could capture each one entirely for a few seconds of suckling bliss.  I moaned in satisfaction from my new privileges.Suddenly my wife reached up to grab the headboard for support, freeing my arms.  Janet held herself there, ensuring her breasts were hanging right over me at the perfect height to reach easily.  Nothing more needed to be said.  Despite remaining on top,  this was her signal of surrender.  Finally, she was giving all of her fantastic upper body to me.I went to work performing my expected duties!  Taking hold of each globe, I caressed at first but quickly began ravenously kneading the soft flesh with my starved hands.  As my hands worked diligently, my mouth, lips, and tongue kissed and lapped at as much silky skin as they could find, accompanied by my moans of delight as I finally got to have my way with my wife’s beautiful chest!Next, I began a methodical sensual assault of Janet’s delicious boobs.  At first, I licked and kissed, but soon I was out of control, lashing and sucking each of her erect tips, going from one to the other.  Whichever nipple was free from my mouth received teasing and tugging attention from my fingers and thumbs.As I filled my mouth with my wife’s succulent flesh, my murmurs of satisfaction started mixing with her sounds of arousal.  After a few minutes more, Janet groaned and leaned back, breaking free from my tireless mouth.  As she shifted her bottom on my lower torso, my throbbing erection bumped into her backside.  My wife repositioned herself, straddling my hips and upper thighs.  Now my erection was free to stand at attention.Janet took a bit of coconut oil in her hands and growled, “It’s time to take care of THIS!” She slathered oil all over my stiff manhood and balls.  She even lifted my sack and teased the very sensitive back side of my scrotum.  Her light feathery scratching on my perineum made my erection jolt with a new level of excitement.“Mmmm,” she murmured in approval.“Oh, Yeah!” I gasped.My wife shifted.  She rubbed oil all over her mons and slid forward until my stiff penis nestled in the warm crevice between her swollen outer labia.  My temptress began a slow back and forth motion with her pelvis, sliding and rubbing her slit along my throbbing erection now caught between her body and my lower abdomen.  With the oil removing any friction, my wife could press herself down with enough force to create tingling waves of pleasure in my helpless organ.In no time, I was groaning for relief!  “OH!  Guuu-Huuuh!  Please!” I garbled.From the look in her eyes, I could see Janet was relishing her position of sensual power, and she was not going to relent.  She took mercy on me for a few seconds and raised off me, but before my body could recover, she took hold of my rigid shaft and guided the head into her warm opening.From previous experiences, I thought I knew what she would demand next.  I was ready to beg like a crazy man for the privilege of full insertion.  But instead of holding my erection hostage to my raging desire,  my wife simply lowered herself down onto me, causing us both to groan and grunt with pleasure!  Then, Janet began moving her pelvis slowly forward and back as she started our ride to ecstasy.My wife has very talented hips.  While making love in the cowgirl position, Janet has a certain motion she can perform where she presses herself down onto my shaft, moves her hips forward, then leans back so that she is more upright as she shifts backward.  This causes my erect organ to stretch out fully while trapped inside her warm vault.  Her pubic bone, buried in the flesh of her mons, becomes a weapon of sensual destruction!Using the angle of her pelvis and the pressure from her pubic bone, Janet can create tremendous sensations along the shaft of my penis as she leans and shifts back.  The ridge around the head of my penis is EXTREMELY sensitive, especially along the top.  So when she squeezes and milks my shaft with her expert maneuvers and hits that ridge, I go into a sexual meltdown mode.  The sensation she creates becomes SO great that it goes past the pleasure zone into the “unbearably intense” zone!  That feels exhilarating for about three seconds,  but when her flesh-padded bone rubs along the top edge of the head of my penis, the exhilaration becomes overwhelming!  It’s like a sparkler going off right at the head of my sensitized organ, and it is unbelievably intense,  to the point of becoming unbearable.  It absolutely drives me crazy!!!Knowing just how to move her hips to set the head of my penis on fire, my wonderful, sensual, mischievous wife performed her special maneuver—not once but twice!  The first one immediately put me into near orbit!  I involuntarily squirmed under her in a frenzy, trying to shift or raise my hips—ANYTHING to change the contact between the head of my penis and her mind-altering vagina.  But with her weight concentrated on my pelvis, I couldn’t move enough to create much relief!  NOW came my helpless begging as I desperately needed a break from my overstimulated state of exquisitely intense arousal!“OOOOH, GAAAH!!!” I blurted.  “Baby, PLEASE!!!” She had me in a state of sensual oblivion!  This was payback for all the times I  teased my wife into sensual delirium, and I LOVED it but absolutely couldn’t take it!  I clutched the sheets and tried to move my hips to ease the electrical shocks she was creating from her expert “milking” movements!Janet slowed her hips, baiting me with the prospect of a pause.  “Too much?” she teased, her eyes sparkling with delight.  She knew the answer.“OH, YEAH!  OH—” I started to respond, but I was cut short when my temptress rode me again in her special way.  I wailed in sensual overload, twisting my pelvis as much as possible with her weight pressing down on me.My merciful wife immediately adjusted her seductive hips to reduce the intensity and allow me to regain my sanity.  I groaned in relief and pleasure as my wife changed the angle and began wonderfully rolling those hips, creating very pleasurable sensations.“Better?” she asked.“Oh, yeah, oh, yeah…” I panted in delight.Janet soon got into the perfect rhythm for our mutual satisfaction.  Sometimes, she rested her hands on my chest or her hips; sometimes, she held her arms out to her sides in an erotic balancing act as she delivered the gifts of her pelvic motions.  My moaning remained constant, and the more she moved against me, the more sounds came from her lips, as well.When Janet is on top, she can get the best angle for her pleasure, and I was excitedly witnessing that incredible act!  Her face transformed into a sweet expression of extreme arousal.  I love seeing that look!  Then my wife gave me a chance for my own special request.“What else can I do for you?” she asked in a low, husky voice.   I recognized from her tone that she was heading toward impending orgasm and wanted to get me there as well because there wasn’t much playtime left!I looked at her upright, curvaceous body, locked onto my erection and rocking back and forth on me.  Janet’s mouth, partially opened in excited breathing, her face and glazed eyes all expressed her molten state from the raging flames of desire!  I am sure my eyes were burning with arousal as I said, “Raise your arms, baby!  Show off those sexy boobs for me!”My wife did just as I asked.  Janet raised her arms and clasped her hands behind her head, giving me the greatest show on earth!  With her arms up and her pelvis rocking, her big, beautiful breasts thrust out farther from her chest and began moving salaciously before my ravenous eyes!  She sat more upright with her arms raised, her hips moving a little faster, urgently driving toward the finish.  Her sexy boobs danced and shifted side to side,  then forward and back.  With each move forward, those globes just slightly separated from her chest, with the smallest perfect hint of bounce!Janet was now moaning softly, “Uh huh….Uh, huh….” while maintaining her steady pelvic motions.My hands clapped lightly onto her thighs, squeezing her muscles.  “Ah, yeah,” I murmured in appreciation of her flesh—and the show!“I LOVE it when you feel my legs!” Janet said, her voice more frantic.  She was ready for it now!I looked at her with pure love.  “You are SO beautiful!  May I please, please, PLEASE touch your chest?”I was already eagerly sliding my hands along her sides when she gasped, “Ah!  Yes!!”  In her excitement, my wife couldn’t keep her arms up.  She lowered them but reached slightly behind to rest her palms on her hips.  This kept her luscious torpedoes of flesh pushed out in full view.I knew exactly what she would enjoy next.  I took some coconut oil on both hands and covered her thighs, sides, and torso.  Then I slathered oil all over her wonderful chest, leaving no flesh I could reach untouched.Janet moaned and gurgled with pleasure.  “Ohhh, honey, I LOVE this!”I fondled her oily breasts and started tweaking each nipple gently, knowing she was near the end of her rope.  The best thing about applying the oil was that with no friction to irritate, I could squeeze and tug her nipples firmly, the way I know she likes it when she’s so close to orgasm.  After all the rewards she had provided tonight, I wanted to give back!  I was intent on using her long tips to pull her over the edge in the most exciting way possible.My tugging caused her to moan constantly in delight.  Janet’s face was a beautiful blend of pure loving joy and arousal as she teetered on the edge of fulfillment.  Keeping her hands on her thighs, my wife started moving her hips more vigorously back and forth, causing her breasts to sway and bounce in an incredible vision of bobbling flesh!“Oooh, my…”  I gurgled with appreciation AND desire.  Gazing at the sight of her, I teased her nipples with a few more pinches and pulls and silently prayed that she was almost ‘there’ because I wasn’t sure how much longer I could hold off my inevit6able explosion!“Oh, honey!” Janet suddenly exclaimed.  “I’m gonna GO!!!!”  After all our back and forth teasing, it was exciting to hear the feverish tone in her voice as she was about to spill over the precipice helplessly!“YES!!!!” I called out in desperate exhortation!My wife leaned forward and placed her hands on my chest for support as she rolled her hips forward and back the last few times.  The sights and sounds as she fully surrendered to the moment wrung every bit of orgasm from both our bodies!  I bellowed ‘THANK YOOOOUUU!” in helpless release, feeling my load defy gravity as I exploded up into her!After a couple of slow passes and mutual satisfaction groans, Janet lifted off me and collapsed on the bed at my side.I rolled toward her, and we embraced in our recovery.  We kissed and snuggled, and I finally murmured, “Oh my… that was… so…”   I couldn’t finish speaking—I just had to be still and recuperate from all her “rewards.”Janet sighed, “You’re so, so welcome.”