This story is the third of three related companion stories (“A Husband’s Ticklish Discovery,” “A Wife’s Ticklishness Explored,”and “Another Ticklish Area Discovered’)Read in order, all three illustrate how we came to realize I have an affinity for sensual tickling during our foreplay and lovemaking (me much more so than my wife).  It took awhile to collect and organize all the memories, as they happened earlier in our marriage, and over a few months to years.    The introductions are the same between the three stories, just in case someone reads them ‘out of order”.  Anyway, they were enjoyable to remember, recount, and of course, to experience as a married couple.IntroductionMy wife and I have been married for 40-some years.  Sometime early in our marriage, we discovered that I am very sensitive to my wife’s light, feathery, tickling touch on ‘nonsexual’ areas of my body (like my back or sides.)  Her special light touch creates a ‘tingling’ sensation that increases my libido and increases the sensitivity of my ‘normal’ erogenous zones.  I find that touch to be VERY arousing.  Now, my wife does not respond the same way to light touches on non-erogenous’ areas, but once aroused, she does enjoy light, tickling touches on her private parts.Brief episodes of harder tickling (grabbing, poking and prodding), on my ribs, legs and sides serve to increase my libido as well.An especially reactive spot for me is the crease on the back of each thigh, just below my butt cheeks. My wife discovered this area one night while we were making love in the missionary position.  As we were going at it, she dug her fingers into my ‘butt creases’ to pull me closer.  That sent an intense, arousing tickling sensation right to my loins, and the effect on my erection was incredible! Our sexual satisfaction was very much increased that night, and since that discovery, my wife uses that special knowledge to regularly add ‘spice’ to our already incredible orgasms.The three stories of this trilogy serve to recount our journey of discovery of our (mostly my) affinity for loving, sensual tickling and how we incorporated it into our lovemaking.Another  Ticklish Area DiscoveredOn occasion, my wife and I have engaged in playfully teasing and tickling each other.   Sometimes this is part of our foreplay as we move toward lovemaking.   Now, my wife doesn’t find tickling to be especially arousing. but she doesn’t mind it either, with the exception of one area of her body.  The creases just below her butt cheeks at the back of her thighs are horribly, INSANELY ticklish.  A hard grabbing in those areas will cause an excruciatingly intense sensation that she finds both irritating and intolerable.  I discovered this early in our marriage when one evening I made the very poor decision to playfully “goose” her on the back of her legs.  With no warning, I pressed my fingers and thumbs into those folds, squeezing and prodding the flesh, giving her a playful, firm tickling.  The result was not good!  She reflexively thrashed,  kicked and even hit at me to stop what was essentially “torture” to her.  Any hope of making love afterward was understandably gone.  I apologized, and she forgave me for my unintended error, but I still felt very bad for the poor experience.  Since then, I usually avoid overstimulating her this way.  I say “usually” because sometimes, if my wife is in the right mood, under the right conditions, she can find more gentle tickling actions tolerable and arousing.   (See my story titled “A Wife’s Ticklishness Explored”)On the other hand, I am very different in this regard.   Over the years,  during our mutual teasing and foreplay,  I discovered that tickling can be a very sexually arousing experience for me.   Knismesis is the light, feathery, tickling motion that can cause those sensations.Brief, firm tickling on my ribs or back of my legs can sometimes make me laugh or squirm, but almost ALWAYS creates the pleasant thrill of sexual excitement. (I’m talking INSTANT erection!)  My wife can really add to my excitement during lovemaking by running her fingertips lightly up and down my lower back and sides.  I am VERY sensitive to her light touches once aroused.Janet has discovered a few other “heavenly” sensitive areas to tease: my scrotum (especially the back side of my ball sack) and perineum.  Her light stroking on these spots REALLY gets me going!  My wife’s light caresses cause an intense “tickling” sensation that sends my arousal through the roof!  Once she begins “sensual tickling” on those erogenous zones,  I am finished!  The sensations she creates send electrical energy right from those body parts to the pleasure centers of my brain, and I absolutely don’t want her to stop!  My erection is greatly enhanced, and I become immediately addicted to her expert touch.  Her expert play always leads to great satisfaction as we consummate our lovemaking.Another area Janet has discovered to be intensely sensitive/ticklish are the creases between the back of my thighs and my buttocks.  As I described before, my wife finds prodding those spots on her to be intolerably “torturous.”  To my hypersensitive body, her probing fingers in those creases cause unworldly sexual exhilaration, especially when I am already sexually aroused.  Her talented “move” can super-charge my erection and my (our) orgasms as we go over the edge of sensual, marital bliss!We were both already aware of my “special sensitivities,” but one night, quite by accident, Janet discovered another area of my body that unexpectedly caused the same response to her exquisite touch, and it has added even more to our love life.  By this time in our marriage, our kids were living away from home, allowing uninterrupted time for what turned out to be a marathon session of back-and-forth teasing, edging, discoveries, and eventually, TOTAL marital satisfaction!This particular evening, we were lounging in our bedroom.  I was on the bed, reading, and my wife had the television on, watching a sewing program she had recorded earlier.  We had already changed into our summer sleeping clothes. I was wearing a T-shirt and workout shorts.  Janet had on workout shorts and a long, thin camisole that went all the way down to cover most of her rear but, more importantly, hugged her body and ample chest—and I mean “hugged” her ample chest!  That top was like a second skin stretched over her torso, clinging to every curve.  I could see the faint hint of her nipples through the thin fabric.  My wife loves to play innocent about these situations, but she  HAD to know her choice of outfit would lead to more than reading and watching television!Janet sat with her back against the headboard with a pillow behind her as she watched her program.  I was beside her, trying to read my magazine, but mostly my eyes were enjoying her curves.  Eventually, I couldn’t wait any longer, and I began caressing her nearest leg, trying not to be TOO bothersome.  Janet, knowing the sight of her in that shirt would be irresistible to me,  let me play a little before murmuring, “I’d like to finish my show before we do anything else.”My pulse quickened with her quiet promise, and I said, “Okay, I’ll try to be good.”  I kept myself at bay as long as possible, but after several minutes, my hands crept over and resumed caressing her leg.  My fingers slowly explored her silky smooth skin, until I was stroking her inner thigh along the edge of her workout shorts, and threatening to go even higher.This caused my wife to pause the recording.  “Okay,” she warned, “you need to slooow down.”“I’m sorry,” I said with great sincerity, hoping I hadn’t killed her receptive mood.  “It’s just that you look so… inviting!”“Hmm,”  Janet murmured in understanding… or maybe in contemplation of a solution to my rapidly rising enthusiasm.  After a brief pause, Janet continued with a fresh idea.  “Maybe I can  make it easier for you to control yourself.”  My wife instructed me to roll onto my back and lie between her legs with my head resting between her outstretched limbs.  I folded my arms across my belly.  “Now just be patient,  and keep your hands quiet,” she said, restarting the program.  After a couple of segments, Janet complimented me on my self-control.I smiled, “I do have an incentive to wait since you promised we’d have fun afterward!”After a few more minutes of watching the program, my wife murmured, “I think you’ve earned a little reward while I finish my show.”  I knew exactly what Janet meant with that comment and looked forward to the next few minutes.Making love with my wife is always an exciting and beautiful experience, but when she is in the mood to initiate sex, it is another level of marital bliss!  Even then, Janet has two “faces.” There is the demure, girl-next-door wife that turns up the sensuality and becomes assertive in the initiation and enjoyment of sex.  She has a second, MUCH more sultry personality—still my loving, Christian wife, but in the body and mind of a torrid temptress!  That temptress knows and relishes her attitude, physical beauty, and talents and thoroughly enjoys using them to send my (our) passion to incredible heights.  Janet’s lovemaking is often a blend of the two faces.  Tonight, my wife was evidently into one of her most erotic moods, and I was going to reap the rewards of our blessed marriage.My wife began trailing her hands down over my shirt, her fingertips exploring my chest through the fabric.  She moved slowly,  eventually circling each of my nipples with one fingertip, causing me to breathe a little faster.  When she finally touched the erect nubbin, I squirmed a little, gasped with pleasure, and looked up to see her face.Janet was still intent on her TV show.  “Shhh,” she whispered, “I’m trying to listen to the program.”  She would never admit it, but I believe my wife relishes having me in this predicament of forced silence (another old married-couple game we play.)  Trying to keep my verbal noises suppressed while she sensually teases me adds a new level of arousal for me and for her.  Her concentration on the television and seeming indifference to my responses to her fingers playing over my chest just added to my wonderfully sensual tension!But it was becoming difficult to remain quiet, and I eventually couldn’t help but moan audibly, breathing harder and faster.  Looking up from below, her large breasts looked very inviting in that thin shirt and were just in the top of my field of vision.  I reached up toward her chest with the intention of reciprocating her favors, but she took my hands in hers and guided them up and around her waist.“Just keep your hands down for now!” she requested.  I did as I was told, and she resumed playing on my chest.  She had me continually gasping in pleasure, and after a few minutes, I was craving more!“May I please raise my shirt?” I  asked.“Let’s just get rid of it,” Janet offered.  I responded quickly, and she helped peel my shirt off and tossed it aside.  Then I resumed my position with my head against the mattress, and my arms could stretch out and up easily.  Resting on my back, my torso and upper limbs formed a “Y” shape.  Now, with my head on the bed close to my wife’s crotch and my face pointing up at the ceiling,  even more of Janet’s wonderful chest was in view of my hungry eyes.She extended and opened her legs in a ‘V’ so each of her slightly bent lower limbs could cross over my outstretched arms, lightly holding them in place against the mattress.  “Maybe THIS will keep your hands quiet,” Janet said, smiling.Over the years, my wife has occasionally made playful remarks about how “annoying” my roaming hands could be and how she might just have to hold them down or even tie them up to “keep me under control.”  I always offered myself up as the willing victim, but she was never interested in pursuing that bit of roleplay. (She’s not a fan of “real” bondage with restraints.) Tonight, I was very pleasantly surprised by her action—and VERY aroused.My wife restarted her television program and rested her hands on my chest.  I just lay there in anticipation, and before long, I was rewarded for my obedience when she really went to work playing with my upper body.  My wife knows EXACTLY how to touch my chest to achieve the best results.  After a thorough tour of my pecs, she will rest a fingertip on each nipple, letting the pressure sensation build, then lightly wiggle the erect point or tap or flick it.  Sometimes she teases only one at a time, sometimes both at once.  When playing with both at once, my wife sometimes teases each the same way but often uses a different pattern or pressure on one versus the other, like wiggling or tweaking one stiff point while flicking the other.  The variety of touches and pressure is very exciting.But Janet has another sensual trick that supercharges my arousal: she will tease for a bit, using all the delightful ways I’ve already described, but then suddenly stop, letting her fingers rest but maintain contact with my nipples. Then, without warning, she will resume playing.  It’s as though she plays for a bit, gets distracted or forgets what she’s doing, and stops the action, then suddenly remembers that she was supposed to be teasing my chest, and restarts the motion.Sometimes her playtime is brief, sometimes so long that I am moaning and squirming before she allows me a break.  The unpredictable pattern of her teasing is deliciously devastating to my poor body and brain!  During every pause, my arousal wanes but rebuilds quickly as I anticipate her touch.  And when she resumes, the renewed touch of my nipples causes a sudden jolt of sexual energy that goes right to my loins!  My poor body cannot help but respond with an involuntary little squirm or jerk as I groan in delight!This evening, Janet used her stop-start technique to perfection!  It wasn’t long before she had me in a wonderful, frenzied state of arousal: My eyes were glazed over, my breathing faster, and incoherent sounds of pleasure were escaping from my lips!  My excitement was growing, and I couldn’t keep physically still OR quiet under her expert fingertips.  My penis was now fully erect, visibly tenting the thin fabric of my workout shorts.“Oh, my,” Janet observed.  “I’d better slow down before you have an eruption down there!”I simply groaned in response, in no state of mind to protest.  I was willing to accept whatever she decided to do next.  She stopped to give me a little longer break from the incredible stimulation.While I was coming down from the exhilaration of the past few minutes, my wife murmured, “Mmmm, my show is finished, so now I can REALLY play with you!”My brain was already mush from her devilish touch, and I couldn’t imagine what more she could do to make me any more excited! Somehow, her comment still turned my heat up another notch.Janet slowly ran her fingers over my chest.  A few flicks of her fingers on my nipples and I was right back to the same high state of arousal.  I had no idea how much more exciting things would soon become!My wife teased my erect points for a short time; then, to give them a rest, she began making circles around them with her fingertips.  She gradually widened her territory, until she was exploring out to the edges of my pecs.  Her fingers were as light as feathers as they skittered all over my chest.  Then my wife trailed her fingertips to my sides (in the spot just below my armpits) and then into the armpits themselves.  I am sure she was only trying some tickle play just to give me a different sensation, but what happened next was EXTREMELY exciting.As I was already very aroused from her overt sexual foreplay, her light touches on these areas felt MUCH more intense than I anticipated. As my wife trailed her fingertips over flesh that SHOULD be ticklish, I  found her light strokes were creating the same pleasurable warmth in my loins that comes from her sensual teasing of my scrotum!  Whenever my wife decides to perform THAT wonderful act of kindness, it instantly sends me into a full meltdown mode of sexual desire!  And that is exactly what I was experiencing from her touch on my unexpectedly erogenous ticklish zones!Before I could process the mix of sensations, Janet was already exploring new areas, skimming her fingers over the muscles bordering my armpits.  I gasped and wriggled my hips.  Her fingers wandered all around, then traced into the ultra-sensitive hollows!  What should have tickled instead kept searing through the sensual pathways of my body and brain!  I reacted strongly and involuntarily under her scintillating touch!  I moaned and squirmed, my pelvis slightly twisting and bucking under her expert touch.  My eyes widened and couldn’t focus!  My mouth stayed open as I began huffing and panting in sensual distress, only calming down when her fingertips slowed their motions.“Ooooh, baby,” my wife murmured, her voice reflecting the spark of recognition of my unsuspectedly intense response!  Janet realized the way she was touching my sides and armpits should have had a different reaction than what she actually observed.  Her light tickling instead caused me obvious and intense sexual excitement!  She resumed stroking my sides and around my armpits, and I  again moaned lightly and squirmed.Janet recognized my extreme reaction as the same as when she teases and tickles my genitalia. “This really gets you going, hmmm?” she asked.“Ah—Yeah!” I gasped, the only response I could muster in my fog of delight.She paused for a couple of seconds before re-exploring my newly discovered and unexpected erogenous zones.  It was obvious my curious wife was going to double check the response she had just witnessed.  She traced my chest, sides, armpits, and underarms again.  Once she obtained the same reactions, Janet’s fingertips became sweetly relentless, sending me into another total meltdown!  My body and brain were flooded with pleasure!  I moaned and writhed involuntarily under her touch, only able to remain somewhat still because her legs were draped over my outstretched arms.Normally, if her teasing becomes overwhelming,  I can move away to give myself a break from her touch.  But tonight, with my wife’s creative positioning, I had no such freedom.  I was lovingly trapped, unable to easily escape the intensity of the pleasure being given.  And honestly, I had no desire to work hard enough to get free.  Despite being almost unbearable in its intensity, the exhilaration she was causing was too enjoyable for me to want it to stop!  At this point, I was in total surrender to her exquisite teasing!  I became a moaning, gasping, panting, squirming, willing mess of a supremely aroused husband!“Oh MY! Ohhhh MY!” I gurgled, my eyes glazed over in excitement.The conflict of pleasurable torment I was experiencing was now obvious to my beautiful wife, and she mercifully slowed her fingertips to bring me back from the edge of my insanity.  My ragged breathing was going back to normal as I tried to recover from her loving assault.Then my wife began again.  Her fingertips resumed a light caressing of my sides and armpits, just a little feathery touch that was gradually becoming hard to ignore.  My breathing picked up, and I squirmed a tiny bit, anticipating that she would increase the intensity like the previous episode.  Instead, my wonderfully talented wife  kept the excitement from her touch at a slow-burning but tolerable level—just enough to keep me satisfied for a sensual interrogation.“So tell me,” Janet asked softly. “Does this… tickle?”I could tell from the tone in her voice that my wife was becoming excited over my reactions and where it might lead, and also that her more sultry, aggressive side was taking over.  She already knew how her playing on my upper body had driven me nearly insane,  so now her feigned innocence to my response just added to my steaming arousal!I was still reeling from the intensity of her teasing as I tried to respond, only partially coherent.  “AH! …No! …I mean YES…” I stammered, unable to form a clear sentence.Ignoring my babbling, Janet asked, “Does it… do MORE than  tickle?”“YES!” I confessed.She just kept caressing my sides just under my armpits,  smiling in recognition of her discovery. “Like when I play with your man parts?” she confirmed.“Uh, huh…” I replied.My wife stated, “When I tickle down there, it REALLY  gets you going!”“Uh-huh!” I admitted, unable to answer with any more detail under such duress.  I was inwardly relieved when it sounded like she recognized my unusual sensitivity and seemed willing to act on her knowledge.“And this feels the same?” Janet continued, her inquisitive fingers tracing paths on my flesh.“Yes!” I told her.“That’s crazy,” she murmured in amazement.  Then my wife’s voice became low with excitement.  “I guess I should  check this out!”I waited, then resumed breathing excitedly as she continued her exploration of my newfound sensitivity.  She caressed the skin and muscles all around my armpits and sides, making me breathe faster and begin a light squirming.  Janet then teased the hollows briefly before tracing upwards along my underarms.  I grunted and groaned, and then she stroked the lines where the biceps meet the triceps muscles.  My wife had found the real “money spot!”My poor body was primed and sensitized from all the previous foreplay, and now her teasing touch along those invisible lines caused instant writhing and bucking of my hips, as the intense sensual tickling sent my arousal skyward!  “OHH! OH HO!! OH HO!!!” I groaned, responding helplessly to her talented fingers.From my armpits to elbows, she skimmed her fingertips deliciously up and down that trail until I was moaning and panting in a heavenly buzz of  mental and physical delight!  The absolutely incredible “rush” she was giving me was like crack cocaine to the pleasure centers of my brain!  I couldn’t focus on anything but the sensations she was creating with her exquisite touch!  It was like electricity going from her talented fingertips through my skin and then deep into my brain and loins!  I was relishing my state of arousal, when suddenly, her fingers halted!“Oh, my,” Janet murmured, “this seems like torture.  Maybe I should stop!”Whether her offer was what she really believed was best for me or just a teasing test to draw out my true desires made no difference to my helpless, overstimulated body and brain.  I had endured nearly intolerable arousal from her touch but now CRAVED the incredible high she was giving me.“NO! Please!” I begged, deathly afraid that she would end my pleasurable torment if she thought it was too much for me!  My breathing quickened.“What…?” my wife said sweetly, pausing to wait for an answer. The innocent tone of her voice belied her inquisition of my sensual cravings.   Her question really should have been, “What would you like me to do next?”  but my tantalizing temptress shortened her query, needing only a single word to extract my confession.“I love it! I LOVE it!” I gurgled in surrender, fully admitting my helpless, insatiable appetite for her perfect  and exquisite special touch!  My breathing slowed and I groaned lightly in anguish, waiting for her response.Janet’s eyes were gleaming in satisfaction as she looked down at me.  “Sooo, you LIKE my sexy tickling…”  I could tell her comment was really a question, a demand for more explanation.“YES!” I blurted.  “The way you touch my arms REALLY turns me on!’  I told her.  I continued my confession, hoping to convince her to resume the delicious torment.  It’s…” I paused to gather my words.  “It drives me wild… But I LOVE it!  It’s… GOOD torture!”  In my near incoherence of desire, I was trying my best to explain the sensations, because I really wanted her to understand… AND continue.  The dopamine hormone rush she was causing was too pleasurable to let her stop now!“Good torture…” My wife murmured, contemplating that phrase.  “Hmmm,  I see…”  Janet was smiling with satisfaction at my confession and the baring of my desires (and, I imagine, my throbbing erection!)   My temptress was obviously deciding how to best use her new-found knowledge and power.I was in mental anguish waiting for her response.  My body and brain were silently screaming, “Please! More!”  I am sure it was only seconds, but the torturous pause seemed like minutes before my wife spoke again.Janet wasn’t finished verbally teasing me.  Her voice was  low with excitement as she murmured, “So, you want more sexy tickling?”  It seemed she was on board with my desires.“Yes—Please…” I gurgled, my brain swimming in total surrender.Her tone dripped with sensuality.  “You’ve always had a thing about being tickled, and now I know you get really turned on by it!  Admit it, you’re definitely a kinky boy!”   My wife knew how her goosing my rear, playing with my “southern parts”, and sometimes simply caressing my lower back all made me very excited—and now THIS!  I couldn’t deny my deep and obvious sensitivities and desires.“I’m YOUR kinky boy!” I answered,  hoping the idea of being her willing husbandly possession would satisfy her.“Yes, you are…” Janet smiled, acknowledging her new situation.  “I will admit, it IS fun watching you go crazy from my touch!  And since you enjoy it so much… I guess I should keep my kinky boy happy!” She was reveling in her sensual power.  “If you want, I’ll keep on going!” She offered.“Y-e-e-s,” I groaned in relief now that I knew she was agreeable to fulfilling my wishes.  “I’ll try to hold still,” I replied. “But I don’t know… It’s sooo intense.”Janet smiled.  “I can help with that,” she said. “I want to make you SUPER excited and see how things go from there!”Janet’s creativity soon became evident.  “We’ll need a little more room,” she said.  “Scoot down toward the foot of the bed a few inches. I want to see ALL of you while you go crazy!”I  tossed my last piece of clothing aside and eagerly slid into position on my back.  Janet removed her workout shorts as well but kept her top in place.“What about your shirt?” I asked,  hoping she would remove all her clothing as well.“Not yet!” she answered. “Maybe later… if you’re a good boy!”  That tantalizing comment made my mind spin as I wondered what all she had planned for me and my exposed body.She guided my arms straight up toward the headboard.  My wife carefully straddled my limbs, facing my feet, and knelt with her knees on the outside of my extended arms, pretty much even with my elbows.  Now my limbs were trapped in the space between her shins, the bed, and her bottom.  Resting back on her lower legs, my creative wife could keep her weight balanced to secure my arms without excessive pressure on them.  I WAS essentially trapped, because now, freeing my limbs would require much more work than before.  With my arms held between her legs, the upright kneeling position gave my wife easier access to my upper body.“This feels about right,” she commented. “Are you comfortable?”“Yes!” I replied, my excitement building now that I fully realized her plan to hold me still for the next phase of our lovemaking.  Looking up, I had the added bonus of seeing my wife’s smiling face looking down at me, as well as her ample chest in my line of vision.  I realized exactly why she had kept her shirt on: the tight thin fabric kept her wonderful flesh hidden from my hungry eyes but supported so those globes were not in  easy reach of my mouth!Janet’s eyes gleamed with anticipation.  “Ready for some more?” she asked, using the same sweet tone of voice as if she was asking if I wanted a little more iced tea.  Her “innocent wife” talk contrasted beautifully with her sultry, teasing temptress persona, and I was already mentally on fire!“Yes, please!” I croaked eagerly.  My relative helplessness, the visual effect of her beautiful curves, and the anticipation of her expert touch REALLY enhanced my arousal!  I was looking forward to more of her light tickling foreplay, but I had no idea of how much sensual torment she was going to deliver to my body and mind.My wife placed her hands on my chest near my collarbones and walked her magic fingers lazily down the middle of my chest before slowly moving them sideways.  She flitted her talented digits over my torso, first in large circles, reaching out to the borders of my pecs.  Her light touch made me lightly murmur and shift slightly under her fingers.Janet kept her hands moving, slowly tightening the pattern until her fingertips were just grazing the edges of my small areolas.  She rested her fingertips just beside my nipples for a few seconds, allowing my anticipation to build, before teasing my erect nubbins with flicks and touches, then finally with light pinches and pulls.  Janet took her time with her exquisite torture of my chest, slowly building the fire of my arousal.I gasped and squirmed with delight as everything she did made my penis spring back to life.  Soon her fingers were wandering onto my sides just below my armpits.  As she skimmed over those spots, I groaned in response.  The sensual pleasure she gave my torso really primed me for the next phase of light, tickling touches.Next came her fingers tracing the areas under and all around my pits and finally trailing through the sensitive hollows.  I moaned  constantly under her, and my breathing quickened.  I tried to brace myself for what I knew was coming!  Janet moved a fingertip to the uppermost of each armpit until she found the groove between my biceps and triceps muscles.   She then lightly traced those sensually ticklish paths upwards to my elbows.  Her delicate touch was incredibly intense!  I writhed and groaned loudly, unable to keep quiet or remain still!As I struggled involuntarily under her motions, Janet kept the pressure on my limbs, holding me firmly.  Knowing she had found my absolutely weakest spots, she paused, then traced back down along those grooves before pausing at my armpits.  After a quick visit into the sensitive hollows, my wife repeated the travels of her fingers up and down along my underarms. Sometimes she used a single fingertip, sometimes lightly dragging all five along my now ultra-sensitized flesh.The effect on me was deliciously devastating!  I tossed my head from side to side as I twisted my hips, and panted and moaned shamelessly as I lost all control!   My already erect organ pulsed from side to side with my movements and grew longer.“Oh, MY!’ Janet beamed, obviously pleased with her results. She ran her fingers down along my arms again.  More noises from me as my hips bucked upwards in response.  My lower half was free and unable to keep still during her sensual assault. “I just LOVE this!” My wife admitted, enjoying my reactions and my body lurching under her touch!  “Just a little more!” Janet promised,  using her fingertips to circle my armpits before teasing the soft hollows.  I gurgled and groaned, reflexively trying to pull my arms down for protection, but with her legs pressing against them, I couldn’t free my limbs.Her fingertips spent another few minutes teasing my chest while avoiding my erect nubbins, then up and down my sensitive underarms, causing more helpless moaning and squirming from me.  Just when I thought I couldn’t take anymore, she slowed her assault, allowing me to come back down to earth a little. But my devious wife kept her fingers working lightly on my sides just below my armpits and then used her thumbs to barely tease my erect nipples.“GAAA—HAAA!!!”  I seethed in pleasure from her touch, groaning loudly, my mouth open, drooling and gulping as much air as possible.  I also noticed that I could smell the aroma of her own excitement from her naked private flesh.  I was nearly insane from the sensual overload, but then I saw an opportunity to return the favors, so to speak.  I just wanted to do SOMETHING to interrupt her relentless, overwhelming teasing!In her enthusiasm to drive me wild, my wife had leaned more forward, so her breasts were hanging closer to my face.  I could see her erect nipples stretching the thin fabric of her top.  With my arms pinned against the bed,  I couldn’t raise my head very far, but I stretched my neck up as much as possible to try to capture one of her tempting nipples with my hungry mouth.  I wasn’t having much success, but Janet noticed my valiant attempt.“You poor thing…” she said, recognizing my predicament.  She mercifully lowered her chest, allowing me to surround the nearest tip with my anxious lips.  I thankfully, ravenously sucked and lashed that nipple with my tongue, working right through her shirt, soaking the fabric with my saliva.  My wife held still so we could both enjoy my actions.  “Oh, yeeaah,”  She growled. “You really want these,  don’t you?”I kept my mouth latched onto her beautiful breast, obediently continuing to work on her nipple as I groaned a positive response.  My wife sighed from the added vibration of my mouth and lips as I kept murmuring, “Mmm, Hmm! Mmm, Hmm!” against the tip of her breast.  She had worked me into a frenzy, and with my limited mobility, this was the only thing I could do to reciprocate for the heavenly pleasures I was “enduring.”I was allowed my feverish delight a little longer before she pulled herself away.  I whimpered in husbandly anguish when she took the delicious treat  from my lips.  Then Janet moved sideways,  turned around, and straddled my torso,  She kept my arms under control by leaning forward and holding them against the bed with her hands and outstretched arms. Bringing her chest close to my face, she offered me her other erect tip.I responded with great enthusiasm,  devouring the  nipple through the fabric until Janet was satisfied with my performance.  She murmured in approval, grinding herself against my abdomen as I worked at her chest.“Would you take off your shirt? Please?’  I begged.My wife’s eyes gleamed with satisfaction at her victorious position.  “Not yet,” she said, raising her torso and settling back on her heels so those wonderful mounds were out of reach of my mouth.  I groaned again in disappointment.  “Aww, poor boy…” My wife smiled, not yet willing to give me any more of her.  She still had some serious teasing planned for me.She reached over to grab a couple of pillows and gave them to me. She directed me to place one against the headboard and the second into the first.  Then she had me move up on the bed so my head was propped up, tilted slightly toward her and comfortably supported by the pillows.After allowing me to reposition myself, Janet slid forward, still straddling me with her knees on each side of my chest.  From all of her movement, the white shirt had become quite disheveled and uneven, its bottom edge now raised up a bit so I could see a hint of her vulva as it pressed against my torso.  I could also feel the warmth of her moist slit and her sparse pubic hair touching my skin.I am sure Janet noticed that my eyes were riveted solely on her private parts.  Watching me intently, she raised her hips up and brought her vulva close to my face.  Smiling, she slooowly tugged her shirt upwards.“Ooooh, my…” I murmured in delight as I watched her lovely womanhood gradually come into full view.  Once she pulled the bottom edge  up far enough, the fabric of the top bunched around her hips.  There was no way that clingy shirt was going to fall back down.“Soooo…” Janet said in a low, sultry voice, “what will you do for me to get my shirt all the way off?”My eyes were wide with excitement as I enjoyed  the sight of her, the edges of her most private inner lips glistening with anticipation.  I could smell the fragrance of her arousal.  Her sensual offer was unmistakable and irresistible.  No words could answer her question.  I used my hands to caress and tease all of her I could reach.  I started on her inner thighs and the creases of her groin, then all over her outer labia.  Finally,  I gently parted the inner folds of her most private flesh.Before I could explore any further, my wife leaned forward and held the headboard for support.  She brought her steaming vulva even nearer to my mouth, signaling EXACTLY what she desired.I used my lips to follow the earlier path traveled by my fingers.  Patiently, I kissed and nuzzled between her legs, tasting the soft flesh of the creases between her thighs and vulva before kissing all over her outer lips.  Then I let the tip of my tongue wander through the sparse hairs of her mound, tasting the bare skin underneath.Janet was thoroughly enjoying my attention, sighing and moaning as I explored her outer parts.  I used my hands to knead the soft flesh of  her  buttocks, then held them firmly to stabilize her hips.  Her body shivered as I traced  the edges of her inner lips, occasionally dipping inside her private crevice with the tip of my tongue.  Holding herself still was becoming harder as I continued my tour of her delights.  When Janet is excited, my oral talents can sometimes send her “over the edge” much sooner than she would prefer (She enjoys it the most when we orgasm together, with me inside her).  This openly sexual offering of herself  meant my wife was EXTREMELY aroused, enough to risk an early orgasm just to  tantalize me with her most sensitive intimate flesh and allow me the  enjoyment she knew I would receive from  pleasuring her with my mouth.   When I finally arrived at her swollen clit,  I carefully swirled my tongue around the nubbin, tasting her salty juices.   As much as I wanted to, I didn’t dare kiss or touch that nubbin  directly.  Still, in less than a minute, my teasing  became too intense for my wife.  Janet gasped loudly as her hips bucked away from my pleasantly probing tongue!“GAAH!” I heard her exclaim. “That’s too much!” Janet groaned, pulling herself  away from my face.  I let go of her butt, so she could escape my tongue.  I didn’t want her to explode too soon. My beautiful wife sat back on my torso, taking a breather from my teasing.  I gave her a minute to rest, but I wanted to continue giving  her sensual favors.   “I really, REALLY want to play with your sexy rear!”  I growled.  “Would you please turn around?”  Janet slid off of me.  I shifted myself up and back against the pillows, so now my upper half was sitting more upright.   I directed my wife to straddle my outstretched legs and kneel on all fours.   Her legs were bent and her arms extended so her knees, shins and palms were making contact  against the mattress, supporting her upper body as it  hovered over my lower limbs.   I guided her into position until her rear was the perfect distance from my torso,  pointing toward my chest.  Now my hands  had easy access to her delectable bottom.  “Perfect!” I murmured,  savoring  the view for a few seconds before starting to enjoy her.  I placed my hands on the backs of her calves and started massaging up the back of her legs, kneading and caressing as I worked upward toward her  luscious rump.  “I LOVE feeling your legs…” I complimented.  Once I reached the areas where the backs of her thighs melded into her butt cheeks,  I paused.  Using the edges of my hands, I pressed into those soft folds. my fingers pointing to the outside and my thumbs to the inside.  Those delicate creases are  very sensitive and Janet’s most agonizingly ticklish spots.  I knew from experience that if I squeezed too hard it would create  excruciatingly intense sensations that she would find  intolerable, and our fun would  abruptly end!   Fortunately, from years of loving foreplay, I have also found that when she was in a ‘receptive’ mood,  I can work gently in those creases and give her the same sensual “buzz” from gentle, erotic tickling that I always enjoy from her talented fingers.   After all we’d already done, when I asked to play with her sexy rear, Janet KNEW I meant teasing her with some sensual tickling.  Her quick and ready cooperation meant she was definitely in that special ‘state of mind’.   And now, her willing,  tender rear on display before me was too much to resist.  “Hold still….” I murmured, giving her advance notice so she could prepare herself mentally for my next action.  My wife turned her head to glance back at me. “Be careful!” She warned,  a little half-smile on her lips, and a look of excitement in her eyes.  I really did appreciate the friendly reminder to not ‘over do’ things,  But it also meant that  Janet was obviously excited enough  to allow my advances.    “Don’t worry,” I reassured her.I gave her soft, sweet flesh my best effort – Just a gentle little squeeze of a tickle!  The effect on my wife was beautiful and perfect!  Janet’s bottom jerked a tiny bit as she yelped slightly in excitement.  I immediately paused.  Her legs and rear twitched just a little before settling down.    I kept my fingers and thumbs spread out along those folds,  pressing lightly into the soft crevices.  I  let her get used to my presence,  and  then,  ever so gently,  squeezed again.  “Mmmmfff!” My wife exhaled a half moan, half pant of excitement.  I quickly stopped, keeping my hands in contact with her “hot spots”,   allowing  her  to calm down from the tension of her anticipation of tickling.    “Trust me,”  I said softly. “I’m going to play with your rear so nicely,  you’ll be loving it before I’m finished!”   “Promise?” My wife asked.  “I promise…” I answered.  My husbandly confidence convinced her to allow me to continue.  “Now I’m the one who may not be able to hold still…”  Janet cautioned.  “We”ll see… I can help you with that!” I replied.  I already had a plan in mind.  Now that we were finished with our  ‘marital negotiations’,  it was time for further action.    I pressed my hands just a little firmer against her thighs, signaling that another sensual squeeze was on the way.    My wife  kept her body still, holding her breath while awaiting her fate.  Her willing obedience and and anticipation  were very erotic, and I relished my success in bringing her to such a perfect state!   I  squeezed again, and Janet gasped, this time in more obvious pleasure.  My patient approach was working, and  she was now fully accepting of my gentle, sensual tickling actions.  I did it again–Another little sound of delight from her lips! After a brief pause, I pressed in again,  but instead of another  squeeze, I just held my hands still in those creases. I used my thumbs to begin a delicate teasing of the sensitive folds where her private flesh of her bottom  blended into her vulva to form the  southernmost “V” of her labia.  “Oooo…woooow,” Janet murmured softly,  enjoying my sensual teasing on her wonderful rear.  With her arousal increasing, it was time to take advantage of her receptiveness and move to the next level.   I nudged her hips so she would shift them slightly to my left.   Then I had her  shift her hands to the right, so her upper body was now hovering over  just my right leg.  She was still on all fours,  angled slightly across my lap and in front of my torso, so her sweet  bottom now pointed more directly to my left shoulder and arm,  Her quiet compliance was very erotic, and I knew the small adjustments to her position  would allow me to  play even more sensually to my heart’s content.I slid my left hand between her legs, cupping her vulva with  my palm and fingers.  By pressing gently upwards.  I  held her pelvis in place while I used  the fingertips and thumb of my right hand to tease all over her buttocks. As I  explored the soft flesh with a feathery, tickling touch, I felt the slightest hint of goosebumps form on Janet’s rump.  “Are you okay?” I murmured lovingly, in a tone that she would recognize as an offer to stop if she was uncomfortable with my actions.  “Uh huh..” Janet half gasped, half moaned in response.  I smiled to myself in satisfaction, as I was obviously “getting her there” on the road to full arousal.  During a couple more lazy passes over her bottom, I began exploring  the crevice separating her luscious butt cheeks. My fingers lightly teased the soft flesh forming the walls of that most private valley.   I felt my wife shift her hips just a little, and she sighed from my talented motions.  Finally, using just the inquisitive tip of my right pointer finger,  I began gently caressing the southernmost  “V”of her vulva, and her perineum.  That  made my wife gasp just a little.   I kept stroking that ultra sensitive spot until I heard another sweet little noise from Janet,  and the tiniest trembles of pleasure from her bottom through my left hand and fingers.  My beautiful wife was working  hard to remain still while I teased her.   I increased the upward pressure  on her vulva, helping to hold her steady against my relentless fingertip.  I could feel a hint of moistness beginning along her warm, private slit.     She was thoroughly enjoying my actions, with constant sounds of approval and deeper, faster, more audible breathing.  I just kept going, teasing gently, but relentlessly.   I finally accomplished exactly what I had intended—I had her in the ‘zone!’  She started raising her head up and back, then down, and up again.  Each motion of her head was accompanied by little  murmurs of delight.  These were  the only movements  she could make to provide herself a bit of relief and still keep her bottom in position to enjoy my hands.  I was in husbandly heaven, fulfilling my earlier promise to put her in a this hypnotic state of sensual bliss.  Having my wife so willingly at my mercy,  under the spell of a single fingertip, was  so satisfying!  It was my turn to tease  her with the obvious question.  “Sooo….” I whispered. “Are you loving it??”  “Uhh-Huhhh, Yes-sss….” Janet babbled.  Hearing her melting in pleasure was such a beautiful experience.  My wonderful wife  was obviously enjoying being held in this fog of both physical and mental tension, where it feels SO good, you just don’t want it to end!  And  I just couldn’t resist hearing her admit it once more.  Using the same innocent tone she had used on me,  I asked “Should I keep going?” As though I hadn’t a clue about her obvious physical desires.  “Yessss….” My wife hissed with pleasure, stiffening her body just a little, signaling that she was ready for more    I let my fingers wander all over her rear in light, tickling caresses,  but kept returning a  fingertip to her sensitive perineum.  Once there, I would stroke sooo softly, sooo slowly, concentrating on that highly charged  span of her private flesh.      From her breathing, movements and sounds,  it was obvious that I had my wife in the same deliciously intense ‘pleasure zone’ I enjoyed earlier.  Janet was holding up well, contentedly relishing her state of arousal.Then I decided to “raise her temperature”even higher.  I stopped touching her perineum,  but resumed the feathery tickling of her entire bottom with my fingertips.   I kept  pressure on her vulva with my entire left hand, but now used my middle fingertip to tease  her moist inner labia open and slip just inside her warm vagina.  Janet responded with a nice little “Oooh!”  I soon had my  left fingertip dipping and dabbling at her wet little entrance.  More contented moans from my wife.  With the light tickling on her rear and a finger now moving in and out of her moist slit,  she was  finding it harder to maintain her upright kneeling position.   I felt delicious little quivers and quakes from her bottom and legs as her body demanded some sort of relief from my pleasurable but relentless teasing.  I returned her earlier verbal teasing with my own.  “What?” I asked, as though totally unaware of what might be causing her body to tremble or her brain to melt!  Two can definitely play that delicious ‘innocent’ game.   “Uuhh..I have to –Uhhh…” Janet gurgled in sensual anguish before offering her verbal surrender.  “Ohh! Ahhh! I can’t hold up!”   To hear her crumbling and caving was so erotic!  I just kept playing.  Groaning  louder, unable to hold her posture any longer against my sensual assault, she let her arms bend and her upper body collapse. Her torso was now angled downward, supported by her  elbows and forearms that were now flat against the mattress.  But my wife  kept her luscious bottom  up in the air,  still craving my teasing fingers!  “Don’t stop… Don’t stop…”  Janet pleaded softly.   She needn’t worry—I had plenty left I wanted to do!  I placed my right hand firmly on the front of her thigh to hold her in place.    I  added my pointer finger alongside the middle one and pushed both digits  deep inside of her.   Janet gasped anew at the full insertion, and my wonderfully aroused wife  started moving her hips forward and back and forth, essentially making love to my stationary fingers!   I rotated my hand back and forth and moved my digits  in and out and all around, thoroughly exploring and massaging the slippery walls of her inner vault.   This new motion  really increased her arousal!  As I played inside of her, my fingers made sensual wet noises in the fluid leaking from her depths. “You are SOOOO wet!” I declared.  My wife moaned in a lovely fashion.   I now had HER lovingly ‘trapped’ in a beautiful, sensual predicament!  I  kept my left hand’s fingers working inside her.   Once again I brought  my solitary right fingertip to lightly caress her perineum.   After all the ‘pleasurable torment’  I had put her through, the return of my teasing fingertip to  that ultra sensitive spot was like a tiny electrical shock to her body and brain!   Janet tried valiantly to stay in the half kneeling position and accept the pleasure I was giving,  but it was too much!  My wife groaned loudly, pulled her bottom away from my hands, and fully collapsed  on the bed near my legs.  “I can’t take any more!  I’m getting too close!” She gasped.  “That’s okay…” I murmured,  relishing the results of my  toying with her sexy rear.  Once she calmed down, I reminded my wife  of our earlier bargain—Her last piece of clothing in exchange for her pleasure.   “I guess it’s time for you to give up your shirt!” I smiled.  I shifted my body so my head and shoulders were propped up on the pillows.  By my positioning  and my comment, I made it clear that I fully expected her to stay ‘on top’ to fulfill my reward.  My wife knew what I wanted to see, and was more than ready to give it to me!Janet  turned around and moved slowly up along my body.  She paused to take hold of my erect organ, squeezing it gently and feeling my state of arousal.  “Mmmm, nice!” My wife eye’s gleamed.  “I almost can’t wait!”  She complimented.   Janet positioned herself over my torso, facing me once again.  The long, thin white tank top was as tight as ever, and I drank in the sight of her full breasts and erect nipples straining the fabric. She let her hands rest on my chest and lightly teased my nipples to keep my temperature high as well.“How long are you going to make me suffer?” I groaned, half smiling at her advances.    “Not long,” my wife promised. “I’m aching for you as well!’  She shifted herself around on my torso, giving me  a little more time to just watch her move and breathe in that tight shirt.  In full seductress mode, she was watching my eyes, relishing my excitement.  “Are you ready?”  Janet smiled. “Ooooh, yes please…” I murmured softly, my eyes gleaming, wide with anticipation.  My wife slowly tugged the shirt up and off her torso.  As she performed this task, her large 36DDD breasts were lifted up slightly, caught  in the tight fabric for a few seconds  before falling  free as they escaped their imprisonment.  The vision of her boobs dropping into view ALWAYS gives me a thrill!  I NEVER get bored with this erotic show provided so willingly by my loving wife and married temptress.  Those wonderful torpedos of flesh filled my eyes as they settled against her chest, her erect pink nipples pointing down from the front lower curves of her mounds.   I had no words, so I simply remained quiet, letting my gleaming, ravenous eyes drink in the sight of her.  “It’s time for me to tantalize you!” Janet said, her voice husky with excitement.  She leaned forward and held onto the head board, letting her breasts sway right above my face.  I enjoyed the visual delight of her dangling globes for a few seconds before taking each one in a hand.  I kneaded her womanly flesh,  then squeezed gently, so the tips of each beautiful breast pointed right at me.Choosing the right one first,  I opened my mouth wide and surrounded the nipple and the flesh all around it.  Once I had engulfed as much of her breast as possible, I began sucking and swirling my tongue on her nipple and  deliciously soft flesh.   I was nearly out of my mind with desire but kept just enough control to work gently at first.  It wasn’t long before my self control waned, and I began ramping up the intensity.  No longer protected by the fabric of a shirt, the ends of her  breasts were helpless against the ravenous sucking and lashing from my mouth and tongue.  I switched to her more sensitive left globe and devoured that flesh as well.  I kept holding each one firmly, going back and forth with my insatiable mouth from one nipple to the other. I  used my thumbs to tweak and tease whichever tip was free, giving my beautiful wife relentless pleasure.  Janet moaned constantly in appreciation.  My wife kept her chest pressed close to my face, as she can take a lot of  breast play.  However, I was becoming seriously aroused, and needed to get her to the same level!  I released her flesh from my mouth and began using my hands on both mounds at once.  Janet absolutely LOVES my firm  tweaking and tugging of her nipples!  “Ahhh, YEAH!  It feels so good!”  She groaned in pleasure, thoroughly encouraging me.     I kept teasing, twisting and tugging her engorged tips   until she couldn’t stay up any longer.  My wife moaned, “Ohhh, I’ve GOT to lie down!”  Janet leaned forward, rolled sideways and onto her back.  I thoroughly enjoyed watching her breasts bounce around as she changed positions.  I eagerly turned and slid  on top of her, barely allowing her heavenly mounds to stop moving before my hands resumed playing.  I couldn’t get enough of her!   I filled my hands with her bountiful breasts and  I kneaded and kissed her beautiful flesh.  My wife moaned in approval as my mouth and tongue took turns on each turgid nipple.  Once they were wet with my saliva, I used my fingers and thumbs on her distended nipples, gently pinching, rolling, and tugging those tender tips.  My ‘second round’ of delightful nipple play was slightly less feverish but no less effective.  Adding to the sensations was my excited male organ nestled against her vulva.    Janet was thoroughly enjoying all my attention to her wonderful chest but soon the sliding movements of my organ along her warm slit created greater physical needs.“I want you INSIDE me,” Janet said. ” NOW!” Her statement, left no room for further bargaining.  If I was even contemplating playfully ‘holding out’ to elicit a little sweet begging from my wife,  this was NOT the right time for that!  From our years of lovemaking, I recognized the urgency in her voice, and the deliberate look in her eyes!    My beautiful wife had initiated tonight’s marathon of sensuality, found new ways to arouse me beyond belief, and endured my edging her ‘close’ a couple times already.   Now she was ready for and deserved total satisfaction.   I obediently slipped my throbbing erection into her and firmly pushed in deep, causing us both to grunt with satisfaction.  We started moving our pelvises to find our rhythm, and soon we were there!  Our personal zone of perfection   is a version of the ‘coital alignment technique’.  Instead of a pure thrusting action, it’s sort of a rocking motion that allows me to move forward and back inside her while my pubic area can press and rub against hers for clitoral stimulation.    Once we were in our beautiful rhythm, our excitement grew rapidly.  Before long, Janet urged, “Move up, please!”   I scooted forward just a little, so my pubic area would grind perfectly against the northernmost area of her vulva, and increase the pressure on her clitoris.  The slight change in position was met with great approval by my wife.  “Oh YEAH, baby!” She gurgled. “THERE you go!”  I groaned in affirmation as well, and soon I was so excited I couldn’t stay in the “calm” zone.  Supporting myself by placing my hands on the bed just outside of her shoulders,  I raised up a little to increase my leverage for the ‘home stretch’.   Janet entwined her legs around mine, and our ankles were now pressed together,  securing her legs to mine.  Her enthusiasm, and the feeling of being locked together,  increased my excitement  exponentially.  I began a more vigorous rocking and thrusting of my hips to go in even deeper.  Soon we were both in a wonderful state of arousal,  heading toward our inevitable orgasms.With my arms out and extended for the support required for my pelvic movements,  my upper body was TOTALLY accessible to my wife’s teasing fingers.  Earlier I had enjoyed her intense play when she had me pinned down on the bed.   I was  now essentially trapped above her, our lower limbs entwined, as I was using my pulsing organ to give us both great pleasure! Unless the house caught on fire, there was no way I was breaking our physical union!  That’s when Janet decided to use her earlier discovery of the sensual ticklishness of my  new found erogenous zones to great advantage!She reached her hands around me and  traced her fingertips lightly over the sensitive skin of my rear and lower back.  I moaned as her feathery touch created the tingles of delight  that ALWAYS enhance my pleasure and the state of my erection.  Then my wife whispered, “It’s time to drive my kinky boy wild….”  Janet used her fingers and thumbs to give my ribs a quick poking tickle.  I was so aroused that the sudden sensations only served to heighten m excitement!  Before I could think, she slid her hands up along my sides until she was just  below my armpits.  The teasing/tickling of those spots renewed the same intense sensations to my body and brain that I enjoyed earlier.She skittered her fingertips all along my underarms,  teasing  the flesh and muscles bordering the deep hollows.  My wife could tell from my gasps and groans of pleasure that she had once more found my sensitive spots, but she didn’t stop.   Her light, sensual tickles quickly sent me into that same, exquisite “meltdown” mode!  My groans became louder, my breathing harder as I reacted helplessly to her touch. With her expert spidery motion,  she delivered her talented fingertips all around and into the depths of my armpits.   I began seething from her teasing touch.   “OHHHH! AHHHH!” I groaned. Her fingers continued, and I began panting in excitement. A raspy “UHH! UHH! UHH!” Was all I could hear from my own throat in response to my wife’s relentless play.Enjoying my  pleasurably ‘torturous’ situation,   Janet did not want me to become used to the same repetitive motions, so she changed  her  technique.    She slowed her fingers playing in my pits, and used her thumbs to reach my hardened nipples to give them  little caresses and tweaks as well.  Her delicious new tactic brought new levels of delight!.  I was fully under her spell, in a sensual ‘trance’.  I moaned constantly and  obediently kept moving in and out of her—I just wasn’t going to stop!  Janet watched me intently while savoring every bit of my responses.  The look on her face was pure ‘tease’ as she toyed with my mind as well as my body!  My wife’s enthusiasm over her discovery of my ‘sensitivities’ was as arousing as her physical play.   Then Janet murmured, “HMMM?”  THAT little sound was her sweet, erotic questioning of whether I found her actions desirable.  The hint of demand in the tone of my sultry wife’s voice increased my libido even further.  “Oh yeah! OH YEAH!” I groaned,  answering her  by increasing the pace and vigor of my pelvic motions.  With my mouth open, panting for air, I looked at her with my eyes glazed with extreme, I mean EXTREME EXCITEMENT!   I could barely focus, but saw her eyes gleaming with delight at my helpless state of arousal.  It was my turn to beg!  “DON’T STOP! …PLEASE!” I pleaded, not wanting the pleasurable ‘torture’ to end!  Janet kind of chuckled softly  under her breath,  fully realizing the true power she held  and her  total control of my body and mind!   At that moment, I would have promised ANYTHING for her to continue!   The reward for my unsolicited begging came as Janet slowed her fingers and resumed a lazy teasing all around my armpits.  She allowed me to come down a little from the  manic “high” of the past few minutes, but we both knew there was a spot she hadn’t revisited yet.  She was intentionally  ‘saving the best for last’ and was going to deliver on her earlier promise to ‘drive me wild’.   Floating in the ocean of sensual bliss she had created,  I knew more was coming.    I was about to be overwhelmed by  a tidal wave of intense pleasure, and in my heightened state of arousal,  welcomed every second of  the imminent  drowning under my wife’s exquisite touch!    Janet  ran her fingertips up along my underarms,  finding the recently discovered ticklish trails between my biceps and triceps.  She traced those invisible, super sensitive lines, sending me into further heights of sensual bliss!   I pumped into her harder,  loudly  moaning in submission to her actions.  “OOOOOOOH! OH, HOOOOOH!”  Her relentless light touches turned my poor helpless brain into a fiery mush.  Fully recognizing my earlier pleas and my deepest desires, my wife wasn’t going to stop!  Her teasing fingers just kept traveling up and down my arms while my erection was thrusting inside the warm tightness of her private vault!  She was making me lose all control,  both mentally and physically!   My arousal was INCREDIBLE!   “OOOOOOH  JANET! OOOH, HOOOOOH  JANET!!” I bellowed her name loudly!  I HAD to finish her!  “OH, BABY!” She exclaimed, feeling my erection swell even more!  Her face showed sweet and deep satisfaction. My beautiful wife was THOROUGHLY enjoying her prowess at turning me into ‘her “wild man.’  Despite our mutual excitement, I was definitely the one totally out of my mind from her deliciously sensual “good torture”!  I couldn’t stop pumping  into her, and unrecognizable noises of arousal kept coming from my lips!We meshed together perfectly, arriving  at the crest of the pleasure rollercoaster.  We hung there for seconds that seemed like minutes, and then my wife gave me (and us) the final push.  She slid her hands down along my body and onto my rear end, clutching the flesh before  pressing her fingertips into the creases between my butt cheeks and  thighs.  With a knowing grin, Janet  dug firmly into those sensitive folds, giving me the same “goosing” tickle that she herself cannot tolerate!    “GO for me!” my wife said.  A simple command, but SO effective when spoken with perfect timing,  as her fingers delivered their delicious squeezes!  My body reacted with pure ecstasy as Janet sent me “over the edge”, sensually tickling me into my orgasm!    I  actually ROARED with pleasure, feeling every bit of my fluid erupting from my erect, spasming organ  as it  shot into Janet’s welcoming body!  She responded with her own wonderful noises as   together  we careened  through the most exhilarating part of the ride.  Our bodies shuddered with intense orgasms, our voices joining with exclamations of release until we finally leveled out at the bottom.  We finished  by holding each other tightly but tenderly as our tidal waves of pleasure subsided.  It took several minutes for our breathing and hearts to slow down and fully recover from our prolonged lovemaking.I finally said, “I don’t think  I have ever been SO excited!  Oh, My….The things you did to me….”“Oh, yeah…It was the same for me!  You got ME so excited,  so many times…”  Janet smiled.  “Who knew that tickling your arms would turn you on sooo much!”I continued. “That was …INCREDIBLE!  Once you had me so aroused…I became SO sensitive….” I became silent, as we relived the wonderful lovemaking experience in our minds.After a bit, Janet said, “Yeah…Wow!  You went wild!  Now I know how to REALLY get you going!” Then she smiled, adding a comment with a sensual tone.   “You ARE a kinky boy…And don’t think I’ll forget!”“Anything you want to do to me….” I murmured.  “I am all yours….”Her discovery and then enthusiasm to explore  my new found, ‘special vulnerabilities’ on that day was absolutely wonderful.   Janet has kept her promise!  Since then, she regularly  uses her talents and knowledge of my “unusual” erogenous zones to heighten our mutual satisfaction.  I am continually grateful for the gift of such a beautiful, caring, and sensual wife, and the incredible love life we share.