This post contains strong language (L) and anal play (A).Do you ever experience something in the course of an otherwise normal, even boring day, that gets your juices flowing – and for you guys, your cocks growing?Be honest now.Well, as some readers here might know, this happens to me quite frequently. I am a happily married woman who has a much larger than normal sex drive, and I believe what feeds my starving libido is the sexual experiences I share with my husband, Jim. We turn each other on by openly sharing our wants and needs and desires with each other. We love it!For example, a few weeks ago, Jim and I were chatting in our living room about an experience he had with a clerk at a men’s store at our local mall. The young lady was flirting with him, and he couldn’t help noticing that her eyes shifted to his crotch area several times.“Was she that obvious?” I asked as I began noticing my hubbie’s member filling more and more of his gym shorts.“Hell yes, she was obvious! I tell you, women are WAY more aggressive now, and I swear they are not afraid of anything.”I admit I was feeling my juices soaking my panties, just knowing some young thing was attracted to MY guy. Dream on, I was thinking as I began working my hand into his undies.“Well, maybe she was fantasizing about getting a much closer look at this,” I whispered as I pulled out his ever-hardening cock to lick its swelling bulb. “I really can’t blame her for staring, as long as she doesn’t touch. And I’m so happy that you always play by the rules,” I added before ripping off his shorts and taking a deep dive down his long, thick cock.After a few minutes, I released his cock and asked,”Tell me more about this woman,” then I resumed my deep-throat blowjob, just the way he loves it.“Well, I guess she would be considered pretty hot, with a great set of tits—but not nearly as great as yours,” Jim assured me. “She doesn’t have nearly the cleavage you have, and I’m certain her nipples can’t poke through any material as yours do,” he added, his cock swelling as his breath grew labored. I knew he was soooo ready to release.At this point, I withdrew from his stiff shaft and took off the tank top he was wrinkling  as I blew him. “Here, I have a better place for that exquisite cock of yours,” I said while I mounted him and slowly began accepting his hot, long tool deep inside me.“OOOHHHH, I bet that horny little sales clerk wishes she could welcome MY awesome cock,” I whispered as my orgasm was reaching a peak. “I so love owning it and not sharing the joy it brings me. Please fuck me as hard as you can while I’m dropping down on you to get every inch of your fuckstick.” I moaned as Jim granted my wish.”OH, you fucking stud—MY fucking stud!” I shouted as he began twisting my nipples.Eventually, Jim lifted me and slipped one, then two fingers into my tight rosebud of an asshole, my most sensitive e-zone.Then, I heard my favorite words: Jim began to grunt, “God, I’m ready to cum, baby, where do you want it?”I sprang from my seat on his cock, gripped his rock-hard shaft, and pumped an unbelievable load all over my way-above-average-size boobs as he screamed in delight!“You know what to do now, right?” I whispered.Jim licked off some of my pussy-cream and began squeezing the rest into my breasts as he went to work, nibbling and stretching his prize nipples. He then took the plunge into my aching cunt, paying special attention to my swollen clit.“FFUUCCKK!” I screamed as I squirted into his very busy mouth and tongue.“Thanks for sharing your story, sweetie! Later on, remind me to tell you about the guy at the car wash,” I said to him with a smile.