The Evaluation Part 1- Exam RoomThis is part 1 of a role play that we (a long-time married couple) actually did recently.  It is not fictional other than a very few things to make the role play flow more smoothly for you, the reader.  The dialog between the doctor and client was improvised on the spot and not scripted.  It is actually what was said in us acting out the role play. There are several parts to this role play.  It was too long to post on one or two MH posts.  We hope you find them inspiring and enjoyable.Melody was nervous. Her husband, Tommy, had insisted that she visit a sexologist before her back surgery. Some of her daily activities could only be done with great difficulty, and her back problems had begun to be an issue when making love with her husband.Tommy had found the office’s webpage and was impressed, so he recommended the MD/Sexologist to his wife, Melody. Tommy was concerned about her and felt that the doctor could restore her confidence. Coincidentally the doctor was named Thomas, like Melody’s husband’s given name.Melody walked into the office. The attractive receptionist was also the medical assistant. She took Melody’s payment and kindly ushered her into the rather unique exam room where Melody’s “evaluation” would take place.Melody never expected to see an exam room like this in a doctor’s office. There were halite lamps along the walls all around the room. The floor was plushly carpeted, and a gas fireplace flickered in the wall opposite the bed. The bed was a beautiful cherrywood four-poster that matched the wood of the shelves that held the rock-salt lamps. A red silk blanket covered the mattress. There was also a nice bathroom with a large shower.  The lamps and fireplace gave the room a nice golden glow.Melody also noted that there were cameras at each corner of the room, plus a small hand-held camera on a shelf.  Lingerie lay displayed on a long table along the side of the room. There was also a bedside table with lamp and a soft red tablecloth covered in sex toys. The sign on the bedside table said, “Buffet of Love.”The assistant instructed her to shower, then put on a soft nylon robe that hung on the far wall of the bathroom. “doctor” she said, “would be in when Melody was ready.Melody had read the website and pre-registered, so she knew this was not going to be a “normal” doctor visit. Still, the room gave her pause. The website had explained that the appointment would be filmed; after the evaluation, she could choose what to keep, and the rest of it would be deleted—or she could keep none of it and have it all deleted.After showering (but keeping her hair and face dry), Melody put on the silky robe. She left it open as she ran her fingers along the soft silky material of the robe. She looked up from the open silk-like robe to see herself in the mirror, admiring her large breasts and creamy white skin. Her face was oval with big Scandinavian eyes that even she thought were quite beautiful. She had some lines, but people often thought she was younger than her 61-year-old husband, though she was actually a decade older than him. She had been a cougar when they met 32 years ago.Though she now had some extra weight, it did not hide the narrowing of her waist. In fact, she had put on the weight rather evenly except for her boobs. Her breasts were—to her husband’s delight—now twice the size they were on their wedding night when he had first seen “the girls.” Her hair was a soft dyed brown, and because of her adventurous streak, also had streaks of pink and purple.Her Norwegian parents had given her long-lived genes. Since she was a scientist, she knew that meant long telomere’s on the ends of her DNA.Then she thought of another long thing: her husband’s erect penis. It was the only penis ever to enter her pussy, and even though they had made love as a quickie only the day before, Melody yearned for a long lovemaking session. She wanted to feel his hard cock slide back into her pussy!Her Tommy had been so patient and loving in that session yesterday. They had kissed and petted and had wonderful foreplay, but her back was having a bad day. Still, she enjoyed his sizeable erection plunging into her love canal. He eventually came inside her, and she loved the feel of his cum filling her pussy. He tried for a long time to bring her to climax by kissing, sucking, and even gently biting her nipples. But perhaps he had been a little too rough while thrusting his big cock into her pussy because his pelvis pounding into hers had exacerbated her lower back pain a few times. Even so, the sex had been wonderful; the back pain, not so much.She had thanked her husband, but he told her that he felt bad that she had not had an orgasm. She usually did come 1-3 times in their sex sessions.“I had a nice time,” she said as they lay facing each other in bed.“But you didn’t cum,” said Tommy.“I get to decide if I had a nice time, not Tommy!” she had said with a glint in her eye. Tommy acknowledged that she had a point, so she knew he would not let it worry him. Besides, their next sex session was likely to be sooner and hotter than ever. That is how it usually worked out when she missed having an orgasm during sex.Back from her memories of yesterday, Melody said to her image in the mirror, “But I’m here today for this sexual evaluation and training. I’m a little nervous,” she admitted aloud as she closed the silky robe over her large boobs. “Will the evaluation be negative?” she wondered.She would soon find out!(Note from the author: MH readers, the model in this photo bears some resemblance to my beautiful wife Melody.)To be continued.