What a great lovemaking session with my wife, Melodie!But let me tell you what happened first. We, with our daughter’s assistance, rearranged our bedroom yesterday. Well, Melodie and our daughter did it.  I  am not supposed to do any heavy lifting.So this morning, Melodie said I’d get a surprise. When I went for her sexy nips with my lips, I found an interesting tangy chocolate flavor.THEN my beautiful and nude laughing wife told me about our daughter finding the nipple cream. Melodie laughed even more as she told me our daughter had found a tiny Carmex-like container of chocolate-flavored nipple cream.We have a great relationship with our married adult daughter; she was neither offended nor upset about the little container with its erotic purpose. Believe it or not, our daughter has even recommended certain sex toys to us.This morning, tasting those chocolate nipples was a sexy surprise! Even better, it really got Melodie’s motor going. We had not used that cream in ages. It tasted like tangy chocolate, but it was white, and my wife had rubbed it on or into her nipples and areolae so she could surprise me!Melodie immediately asked for the G-spot vibe and buzzed her clitoris with her bullet vibe. Meanwhile, I kept licking those delicious chocolate nips as she climbed up to the summit of Mt. O. In fact, she came rather quickly with violent jerks, which indicated a huge orgasm!Immediately, I assumed the X position with me on my side facing her anxious pussy and her on her back with our bodies at right angles. We slid together until I filled her love tunnel and continued to make love for a while until her Kegel hug and twerking sent ME to the summit of Mt. O!After my first O, during intermission cuddle time, Melodie started to talk. “Remember having sex at those wildlife sanctuaries with me in the car and you standing outside, taking me from behind?” she asked as she rubbed my chest and played with my nips.“Yes, of course I do,” I replied.But with a faraway look on her beautiful face, she went on without pausing. “And sex in the Lake Powell room, and in the Miner’s Cabin, and in the Bridal Veil Falls room.” She sighed, but before I could respond, she reminded me of more places we’ve had sex.All this was getting my motor going a second time! Melodie rubbed my tummy with her fingertips and worked her way down until she gently took hold of my shaft and began to pump my re-hardened erection.But her list continued, “Then there’s making love in the Christmas tree lights every year in our sexy Mr. & Mrs. Claus outfits. There was me giving you oral in the woods on our second anniversary and us returning to the mountain lodge where we spent our honeymoon and having great sex again! There was making love at my family’s ranch with the window open when everyone else was gone. There was making love underground at Coober Pedy, with the opals glistening in the walls and ceiling. And remember the tropical resort in Darwin? That was some good sex there….”She trailed off, and I rolled to my side to kiss her deeply. Her list was by no means comprehensive, but we both were again warm for each other’s form!Knowing I was hard because she was still pumping my rod, she said, “You know the rule… if you can, then do!”So I decided to climb on top of her, but I did take a moment to admire the view. I also scooped some of our mango-flavored protein shake out of her still leaking pussy and rubbed it onto her ripe raspberries. Then I sucked and licked and enjoyed the erotic taste. “Mmmmm!” I said, “Mango-chocolate-flavored boobies!”She snickered but stopped as I mounted her and thrust inside her hard. “Oh!” she exclaimed. “It’s gonna be like that!” Then she started counter-thrusting and twerking to enhance my pleasure and bring me to the summit a second time during intercourse!Of course, I came even stronger than my first time in the sex session! It probably wasn’t possible, but it FELT like even more semen erupted out of me into her than during my first trip up Mount O!But she was still wired, so we weren’t done yet! I moved to lie beside her on my side and scooped out more mango-flavored cummy to spread on her nipples. I tasted her closest boobie, and there was still a hint of chocolate melding with the mango flavor. Then I licked it off as she again buzzed her clit with her bullet vibe—and she came strongly again!I’m grateful for the surprise and every part of this lovemaking session!  In fact, we are both grateful to Heavenly Father for the miracles that have kept us in mortality together where we can enjoy such a wonderful friendship, companionship, partnership, and intense, loving intimate relations with each other.BTW I originally purchased the chocolate nipple cream on the recommendation of another MH reader.