A couple of years after we saw the 1995 movie “The Bridges of Madison County,”  my wife and I decided to take a few days to tour that picturesque area of Iowa for ourselves. We chose to stay in Perry, Iowa, a small town north of Madison County. Perry is only a few miles from Winterset, where the famed covered bridges are located. We had heard from some friends that Perry held a little gem of accommodations called the Hotel Pattee.The Hotel Pattee has a long history, being built in the early 1900s, and has had interior renovations several times over the years. The interior has a historic-looking motif with lots of rich woodwork, a beautiful staircase, and many other vintage decorations. There is an excellent restaurant on the ground floor, a small bowling alley in the basement, and a courtyard.   The hotel was probably years ahead of its time in having theme rooms. Each room is decorated to show off or honor the history of Iowa, the town, or local historical figures. All the rooms have luxurious woodwork and other decorations to enhance a couple’s experience. With all its accouterments, the hotel and the rooms are designed to inspire romance.Janet and I arrived in the afternoon and were blown away by the appearance and ambiance of the small hotel. As we settled in, we planned the next day’s excursion to the bridges of Madison County. Then we enjoyed dinner at the fantastic restaurant and breakfast the next morning before sightseeing. We spent the day seeing all the covered bridges, then returned to the hotel and shared a light dinner. Afterward, I checked out a classical music CD—the soundtrack to the movie “Amadeus.” Finally, I poured some sparkling cider into the wine glasses the hotel had left for us in the room. After spending the day immersed in the romance of the covered bridges, I was certainly in the mood to initiate our own romantic experience in the privacy of our luxurious hotel room, and I guessed that my wife shared the same expectations.We showered separately, and I made sure to finish first so I could set the mood for the evening. The hotel provided thick, soft white bathrobes, so once out of the shower, that was all I was planning to wear. I started the music. The room had no bright, direct light from the ceiling. Instead, there were bedside table lamps and indirect, dimmable lighting provided by fixtures hidden above the thick, dark crown moulding that trimmed the entire room. I adjusted the light to a level that I knew we would both find satisfactory: dim enough for romance but bright enough that I could thoroughly enjoy the vision of my wife’s physical beauty.When Janet came out of the shower and entered the room, my expectations were surpassed by miles.   She was still towel-drying her damp hair (Watching her do that always excites me). Her white robe was tied with the sash at her waist but was open just enough to show the cleavage of her large, magnificent breasts. My wife is fair-skinned, and her healthy, slightly darker flesh tones contrasted wonderfully against the plush white fabric.   I gazed at her form with appreciation as she walked slowly toward the bed, noticing all the little things I had done, and started to untie the sash and remove her robe.“Oh, no,” I murmured.  “Leave your robe on…for now…”   Janet’s eyes gleamed as she realized that this evening was going to be a slow, drawn-out affair despite my obvious ardor and that I planned to take time to unwrap this beautiful gift God had given me. She sat down on the edge of the bed, and we kissed passionately. We sipped some of the sparkling cider I had prepared earlier. We toasted each other for the great times we’ve had over the years and all those yet to come. I told her how much I enjoyed visiting all the bridges with her today, and she agreed it had been a lovely time and a very romantic tour.After more sipping and kissing, I asked, “Would you please lie back on the bed? I would love to take my own romantic tour…”  I guided her further onto the bed and helped her recline against a couple of large pillows, ensuring her robe stayed in place.   The sight of her on the bed amazed me, the cover-up now parted enough to show the entire inner edge of each breast. As my eyes devoured her, I let the ambiance of the rich wood decor, the perfect lighting, and the inspiring music work their magic on my beautiful wife. I could tell that she was also ‘drinking it all in.’I finally leaned over and resumed our passionate kissing, not pausing until we had thoroughly dissolved the wonderful taste of the cider in our mouths. That’s when I finally allowed myself the pleasure of starting my tour– My lips began traveling down along the sides of her neck. I kissed and nuzzled trails all the way down to her collarbones and back up to her lips. I breathed lightly near her ears, causing tingles of pleasure before I resumed kissing her neck.Our breathing grew faster and more audible as we consumed each other from our shoulders up. I didn’t ignore her hair, burying my nose, face, and lips into her still slightly damp locks. Though the hotel provided body care products, I could tell she had used one of her own shampoos, one whose fragrance always sends my arousal skyward. I felt as though I was already in husbandly heaven, and I hadn’t even left the sides of her neck!Now we were both murmuring in delight as waves of arousal began coursing through our bodies. It was time to continue my tour, so I trailed my lips downward, nuzzling her skin near her right collarbone before moving slowly, sensually downward along the edge of the thick white robe.   My lips grazed leisurely along that border of fabric, savoring every inch of the inner edges of the creamy flesh of her right breast. I passed by the lower edge of her mound and kept going until I reached the loosely fastened sash across her waist.Next, my lips crossed over her belly and upwards along the left edge of the robe, tasting all her exposed skin on the way back up to her left collarbone. Finally, I raised my head, and we looked into each other’s eyes with the glistening passion of newlyweds. More kissing ensued, this time more urgent, and our tongues entwined as we moaned in pleasure from the taste of each other. Then I resumed kissing along the borders of her robe once more. But this time, I subtly parted the robe just a little so that more of my wife’s breasts were exposed.The second passage of my lips went even slower, and when I reached back up to her collarbones, I didn’t go to her lips this time but nuzzled across the base of her neck and started back down along the robe again. Further pulling on the robe exposed even more of her ample mounds, and this time, after arriving at the sash, I slowly uncrossed the soft belt and allowed the plush robe to open even more.Now I had her deep navel out in the open. I leaned closer and moaned with delight as my tongue swirled all around and into the depression of soft flesh. I spent many seconds there, trapped in the pleasure of this plush little divot. With my murmurs of delight,  I let my wife know that I could have spent all the rest of our playtime tasting this one small area of her body.Once I felt her breathing quicken and heard little sighs of satisfaction, I resumed my upward travel along the left edge of the robe. As I reached the bottom of Janet’s left mound, I tugged the fabric farther to the side to expose more of the tender flesh while still keeping her nipple hidden from view.For a moment, I glanced up to see my wife’s face in an expression of blissful desire and was delighted to hear Janet gurgle,  “Oh, my… You are sooo sexy!”After her enthusiastic compliment, I was determined to do my best to stay in control and not rush things. I pulled the edges of the robe further apart until her nipples were threatened with full exposure. The movement of the fabric across those tips teased them to full hardness and excitement, but I had to maintain my composure for now.I kissed all over Janet’s wonderful mounds, my lips coming SO close to the barely covered nipples that it was all I could do to hold off from more ravenous actions. I heard my wife’s wonderful moaning as I lavished tender affection on the skin of her chest, then I raised myself up.Janet’s eyes were steaming in desire as she murmured, “Take your robe off….”I slipped off my bulky white garment.“Now do mine,” she said.I smiled and pulled the edges of the robe apart, making sure to drag the heavy fabric slowly across her erect tips, and my wife’s faint little sighs acknowledged the sensual gesture. Those heavy globes of flesh were flattened and spread out over her chest from the effects of gravity. Her nipples, pink and long, had swollen in arousal from my long episode of delicious foreplay. I opened the robe so that her chest, torso, and the rest of her body were in full view of my ravenous, appreciative eyes, but my wonderful gift was still partially wrapped, as the garment still covered her outstretched arms.I knew my wife would want to remove the robe to continue our adventure. Still, I did not want to interrupt our lovemaking’s beautiful flow and ambiance, even for the brief few seconds it would take her to wriggle out of the fabric—especially when all of her was essentially on display and accessible for my touch.“Keep your robe on…,”  I instructed, as I caressed her curves with my sense of vision. Janet saw me drinking in the sight of her with my gleaming, passionate eyes as I murmured, “This… is all I need…”I placed my hands on her thighs and slowly massaged upwards, over her hips, abdomen, and torso until my hands and fingers rested on her sides, lifting and pressing her large breasts a little closer together and forming them into round orbs of wonder. My thumbs supported the flesh below each erect tip. I gave each breast a gentle squeeze and lightly flicked each nipple with my thumbs. When Janet gasped lightly, I leaned over and covered her entire chest from her neck down with tender kisses, making sure to taste every bit of each mound but avoiding those tantalizing tips for now. Instead, I slid downward, letting my lips trace between my wife’s breasts and down the midline of her torso.Next, I skimmed around her navel and covered her lower belly with kisses from that indentation to the border of her pubic triangle. I caressed the skin of her hip bones and worked toward her soft inner thighs. My lips and tongue followed wherever my fingertips went, adding nuzzling kisses all along the path.My wife just lay still and allowed me the pleasure of her body, encouraging me with soft moans of contentment and delight. As I showered her lower body with attention from my mouth, I used my hands and fingers to caress and explore everywhere my lips were not. I soon concentrated on her vulva, my lips exploring amongst the sparse hair while I gently caressed the swollen outer labia with a hand.Before long, I was sliding my fingertips along the edges of Janet’s moistening inner lips. I kept my fingers moving lazily up and down that crevice while my mouth nuzzled her inner thighs and then found the creases where the soft skin met her groin. With the fingertips of my free left hand, I stretched it until the groove of tender flesh was opened for my tasting pleasure. I kissed all along that little valley of softness, then used my tongue to explore the crease delicately.My arousal rose uncontrollably as I kept playing in her groin, and soon I was working the flesh ravenously with my tongue,  kissing with more pressure. As I nuzzled into the groove, I murmured, “Ohhhhh, my… I LOVE this spot!”My kisses alternated with deeper, vigorous movements of my tongue. I noticed her warm slit was becoming wetter with each moan of her delight, and I could smell the fragrance of her desire coming from her womanhood. I used just a knuckle of my bent right index finger to caress her moist inner lips. Janet’s moans and the sensuous little movements of her hips made me want to do more. I almost could not resist the urge to tease further inward and more toward her swollen little clit.I knew if I played too long with her most intimate areas, she could become excited too fast, and I’d have to hurry for us both to finish at the same time (my wife’s strong preference.)  So, despite my ever-increasing desire, I moved my fingertips from her inner labia to the spot on her lower belly near her groin. Now with both hands available, I used my fingertips to spread the crease open even farther the way I had parted her robe earlier. I leaned in and fervently kissed all along that tender groove, then began working it with the same enthusiasm as if it were one of her nipples. I sucked on the flesh and swirled my tongue all over it until I was panting with desire.Janet murmured, “Oh, my… You DO like that spot…”“Uh, huh,” I moaned. “If this was all of you that I could have,  I could make love to you with just this sweet spot!”My wife groaned in contentment at the truth and passion of my comment.I slowly ended my loving assault on her groin and began working upwards along her body, kissing and tasting all the way as I gradually brought myself to her wonderful chest. I paused when I reached the expanse of skin between her large breasts. My eyes glistened at the sight of those mounds, with their erect pink tips beckoning for my attention.We both knew only one thing remained for me to do, so  I let her simmer with anticipation of the sensual experience yet to come. It was challenging to hold off from simply going after those tips with wild abandon! But, somehow, I stayed calm, and I leaned into her right breast and began gently kissing all around the end, gradually getting closer to the stiff nipple with the circle of wrinkled flesh surrounding it.My wife’s areolae are not especially distinct until she becomes aroused. Then the circle of skin around the nipple becomes just a hint darker, and the soft flesh forms turgid ridges. I  reached out with the tip of my tongue and began a slow, teasing taste of those sensitive ridges. Seeing and feeling how aroused she had become put me in husbandly heaven. There was no question as to what Janet desired now, and all I had left was the easy task of following her beautiful body’s signals that would lead to our mutual satisfaction. My excitement grew as my tongue touched the stiff ridges because I heard my wife’s soft sensual moans of absolute delight.I kept my tongue circling that tip until I had tasted every bit of the wrinkled flesh. Then I moved over and languidly performed the same tasks on Janet’s left breast. As I finished tasting the flesh surrounding the left tip, I took hold of the nipple with my thumb and middle fingertip. I gently pinched and pulled just a little. Janet was so gracious as to show her enthusiasm with a sharp gasp of excitement.Still holding the left, I reached over and took hold of her right nipple in the same fashion, with the same delicious, audible signal from my beautiful wife. Now I had both nipples nicely captured and pulled a little taut, with my face between those lovely breasts. My wife’s light moans were wonderful. It was time to add words to fan her fires.“I’ll try to go slowly,” I promised, making sure we had eye contact. I added a bit more pull on her tips as I continued. “But you know, at some point, I’ll lose all my self-control….”My wife moaned wonderfully from the truth in that statement, and I knew it would send her arousal skyward. With more pressure from my fingertips and a hint more tugging, Janet started to melt. It was a wonderful experience to behold.   Her eyes gleamed with desire as she groaned and gurgled, “Do whatever you want… My nipples will love it!”“Mmmmm,” I murmured, content with my husbandly “victory” as I resumed gently rolling, pinching, and pulling her erect tips to perfection, listening for every tiny sound of her satisfaction as I toyed with her nipples. Then, holding them taut with my thumbs and middle fingers, I began lightly tapping each nipple with the tips of my pointer fingers and caressing the little bit of sensitive flesh not hidden under my thumbs and other fingers. Louder sounds of delight came from my most excited wife.After thoroughly working those tips with my fingers, I slowed that action and began running my tongue around the base of her right nipple. My tongue tasted and dabbed at the erect tip very patiently, allowing Janet to enjoy the experience. Next, I brushed my closed lips across the nipple before covering it with my greedy mouth. Then I began a gentle swirling, lashing motion with my tongue, occasionally adding a little sucking action to the experience.In a couple of minutes, I moved over to my wife’s left breast and repeated the same delicious actions. Her left one is more sensitive, so the effect of my swirling and suckling was even better. Once aroused,  Janet LOVES my nipple play, so with that knowledge and my enthusiasm, I knew everything would be fantastic for the remainder of our night.I continued kissing and nuzzling, squeezing and kneading each beautiful mound. I used my hands, fingers, thumbs, and even my smooth-shaven chin and cheeks to shower her wonderful, plush breasts with all kinds of caresses and touches, concentrating on those so-sensitive nipples until my wife was in a wonderful state of bliss.My wife was not lazy with her own hands and enjoyed reciprocating by playing with my body, focusing on my own sensitive chest and nipples. Janet’s actions were only slightly encumbered by the fact that her arms were still in the sleeves of the thick white robe.“I should take my arms out,” she offered, raising her torso to extract her limbs.“Oh, no,” I murmured, pausing briefly. “Making love to you in this robe turns me on…”My wife moaned in delight as she stopped her actions and melted back down into the sumptuous fabric in a beautiful response to my desires. My eyes drank in the sight of the garment splayed open to display her incredible body for me.I wedged myself further into the V made by her legs, pushing my erection against her vulva as I leaned over to resume playing with her chest. Cupping each mound from the outside curves and pressing inward to support each gorgeous globe, I continued my tender assault on the ends of each breast.After a few seconds of attention on the flesh surrounding each erect tip, I concentrated on Janet’s sweet, sensitive nipples again with flicks and licks from my tongue and then gentle sucking. I was gently, lovingly, but relentlessly consuming those nipples with all my attention.Janet gave up trying to keep up with my actions and surrendered to my breast play, unable to do anything but lie there and take it while constantly moaning in pleasure. It put me in absolute husbandly heaven to relish every nuance of her willing submission.Soon, I felt the stirring of her pelvis as her arousal grew from my constant upper body play along with my stiff male organ nestled against the warm crevice between her outer labia.   My wife started shifting and moving her hips to increase the contact with my erection and help it find its destination. I let her move a bit, increasing her excitement with her own sensual actions before I shifted to let the tip of my penis slip into her warm, moist groove—just the tip.“Is this what you want?” I asked teasingly.Janet was beside herself with arousal, obviously craving me. “Yes…” she hissed, “plea–”I immediately cut off her plea. “Shhhh,” I said quietly. “Don’t you dare beg! I’m the one who should  beg for YOUR beautiful body!”  I entered her with a fervent, steady motion and heard a familiar moan of delight as I pushed in fully.   Very sincerely, I murmured,  “May I please, Please, PLEASE have you?”My wife’s extreme ardor rewarded my pleas. “Yes! Yes!” Janet mewled, clutching my upper body as we began mutually rocking and thrusting against each other. We blended perfectly, singing each other’s praises as we careened toward mutual bliss.Our final few moments were a wonderful cooperation of our bodies moving slowly but steadily in a beautiful rhythm. I enjoyed the sight of my wife’s bountiful breasts gently shifting back and forth and side to side as we pressed and thrust together. Janet teased my chest and nipples, ensuring I was ready as we reached our peak. I was incredibly excited and ready to explode! But I needed to get her “right there” as well. So, moaning,  I gently tweaked her left nipple with my fingers and thumb.Janet’s reaction was perfect and instantaneous! “Oh, yeah. OH, Yeah!” she garbled, her eyes molten and face contorted with extreme arousal. I am sure my eyes and face reflected equal desire as I groaned loudly, and we spilled over the edge of bliss!Afterward, the sight of my wife’s face and our sounds as we both calmed down were the icing on the cake. Once we were both back to normal, we basked in the glow of mutual satisfaction.“This may become our favorite romantic getaway,”  I murmured.Janet snuggled closer. “Mmm-hmmm,” she murmured in answer.