“And welcome back to Suc-cum, the monthly news magazine featuring husbands and wives living out their fantasies with each other, with liberal amounts of sucking and cum. In the previous segment, we introduced you to nurse Jen, who had been charged with conduct unbecoming. Jen, why do you think the charge was dismissed?”“I was accused of seducing Alistar, the D.A., into having sex to cure a particular malady. However, after the Medical Review Officer (the MRO) discovered that the D.A. was also my husband, the MRO was inclined to dismiss the charge.”“Things really came to a climax when the MRO himself asked me to demonstrate exactly what I had done to the D.A. I agreed to ride the MRO, but only after reminding the court that he also was my husband. My husband had agreed to play both roles while we acted out this fantasy.”“You and your husband love role play. Do you think there’s anything unique about how you go about doing that?”“We kick it up a notch or two by not giving the other advance notice. For example, in two weeks, my husband is traveling to Europe. I plan to surprise him by joining him on the same flight. I will join him “out of character,” playing the part of a woman he’s never met. If all goes well, he will recognize the charade and play along. If he doesn’t recognize me, I guess it will be a boring seven-hour trip for nothing and a seven-hour return. And no big O in between.”“Excuse me. I’m your seatmate for this flight.” I looked up from reading the safety card.I saw first a pair of tailor-made, navy blue slacks. The woman’s crotch and mound were only a few inches from my eyes. Looking upward, the dark red blouse also appeared tailor-made; it fit her perfectly, clinging tightly around the two globes of her very female body. I caught a fleeting glimpse of flesh through a small gap between the buttons. The pronounced peaks of her nipples poking into the blouse made it difficult to peel my eyes away and look up at her face.She noticed that I noticed and gave an approving smile. I stood and twisted around in the narrow aisle to give her as much space as possible to get to her seat. She turned back and looked at me with another smile when her ass lightly slid against my groin, and I quickly “reacted to her presence.”She knew that I knew that she knew.“I’m okay if you want to leave the armrest up,” she smiled coyly.Our fingers touched briefly or grazed each other’s thighs as we fastened our seat belts. After the beverage service (we each had a mini-bottle of red wine), she leaned very close and whispered, “Would you mind asking for a couple of blankets? As you’ve already noticed, it’s pretty cold in here.”Yes, and I also just realized the top button of her blouse was undone.She watched my eyes wander and asked, “Would you like me to undo the next one?”“Forgive me, but how old are you?”“Why do you ask?”“I’m a poor judge of age when it comes to attractive women. When I was in my first year of college, my roommate’s sister visited for the weekend. She was beautiful. All dolled up. I have been to the hair salon and ad a pedicure, manicure—the works. Heels. As the guys liked to say, “Lot’s of sand and it’s in the right places.”“I asked my roommate if I could take his sister out to dinner. He paused for a moment. ‘How old do you think she is?’ ‘I don’t know – twenty-two, twenty-three?’ ‘Dude, her boobs got to you, didn’t they. Have you listened to her talk and what she talks about? Her eighteenth birthday is two months from now. She’s dying for her first kiss. Just be careful.”“Interesting story. So why tell it now?”“I’m being cautious when it comes to beautiful women.”The cabin attendant brought several blankets.“I understand. Perhaps I should be flattered that you think I might be younger than I look. I was a late bloomer. The boys in high school never looked at me this way; there was nothing to see. Things finally developed, as it were, about a year ago. It’s nice having you look at me the way you are. Why don’t you undo the next button?”She saw my hesitation. “Why do you think I asked for some blankets?”By the time food service arrived, all her buttons were undone under the blanket, and my hand caressed her breasts and rubbed her nipples. Mercifully, dinner came before I did. Both meals had to be placed on my tray while my seatmate put things back together and could fold the blankets on our laps.“I’m sorry. I’m not much of a gentleman. I’ve been enjoying your amazing breasts, and I don’t even know your name.”“I’m Mona. And as for being a gentleman, you might want to hold that judgment until after dessert.”I felt a hand slide between my legs and start rubbing me.“What are you doing?”“I think you know exactly what I’m doing. And if I’m careful, I’ll be doing this for the next few hours.”After the dinner service was cleared away, Mona whispered that she needed to slip out to the lavatory. I stood up, somewhat self-conscious, hoping it wasn’t obvious that I had an erection and that there wasn’t a precum stain on my pants. When she returned, she palmed something into my hands.“What’s this?”“They’re my panties. You’ll understand in a few minutes.”We both sat down. Since the Fasten Seat Belt sign was not illuminated, we were not buckled in. When she covered more of herself with the blanket and I saw her squirming in the seat, I began to understand what she was doing and why my boner was throbbing even harder than before. She draped a blanket further over me, pulled my hand over, and gently placed it on her mound.She looked me in the eyes, held my gaze, and asked “Do you know what to do next?”I most certainly did know what to do and began to tour her mound, across her thighs, and back up to her cunt. For a moment I was at a bit of a loss. The Jen I knew wasn’t bare “down there.” I looked up at Mona’s face. She appeared to be in dreamland.“I like it. If only I could get a look at a naked cunt!”“Is Brussels your destination or is this a connecting flight?”“It’s a connecting flight. With an eight-hour layover.”“That’s plenty of time. I’m booked at a hotel just across from the airport. That should be enough time for you to get a look at, and engage with my naked cunt several times. In the meantime, your fingers need to get back to work, if you don’t mind.”I didn’t mind at all, and soon Mona’s moaning was getting noticeably louder. Finally, a cabin attendant heard it and saw her flushed face. She asked, “Is everything okay here?”“My wife has pretty vivid dreams sometimes,” I offered.She raised an eyebrow when she saw we both had blankets draped over us. She smiled at us and said, “Let me know if you need anything.” She knew.She knew that we knew that she knew.After the brief interaction with the flight attendant, Mona managed to slip a hand under my belt and brought about much-hoped-for relief. Customs and immigration formalities later came and went without a hitch. Finally, we arrived at Mona’s hotel room, and I was anxious to see where my fingers had been playing.Mona had kicked it up another notch. All the buttons of her blouse were fastened. She stood in the middle of the room, her arms folded across her chest, her eyes looking to the floor.“Are you okay?”“I’ve never had a man in my hotel room before. And, well, I watched a movie last night where a man came into a girl’s bedroom, and they started taking each other’s clothes off until they were naked.Is that what you and I are supposed to do now?”“Only if you’re okay with it.”“And then the girl got on the bed and spread her legs wide. The man sat on his knees in front of her and looked at her for the longest time. All the while, he was sliding his hand up and down along that thing between his legs. After a time, she sat up on her knees, took the thing from his hand, bent over to kiss it, and then placed it between her breasts. He slid his thing up and down while she pressed her boobs into it. Then, all of a sudden, this liquid stuff started shooting up from between her breasts.”“Is that what we’re going to do?”“We can if that’s what you want.”“I’d like to sit between your spread legs and rub your bare cunt for a while. Then I’ll lay myself on top of you, suck your tits, and slide my thing in and out of you.”“Oh! In the movie, he also put his thing into the girl’s cunt, but she was on her knees, and he was behind her. He looked for all the world like he was grasping for something just out of reach. It looked to me like he might be hurting her, but she was yelling and screaming how good it was, and asking for “more, more, don’t stop, it’s so good.” Eventually, the man apparently got what he was after, and she looked pretty satisfied with things, as well.”“Do you want to try it the first way, the second way – with me behind you, or not at all, at least not now?”“Let’s try the second way. Is that okay?”“It’s quite alright. Are you ready for me to start taking your clothes off?”“I guess you’re going to have to if you’re ever going to see my cunt. Not sure what the big deal is, but if that’s what you want, then I want you to have it. And I need to undress you as well, right?”“Right. Remember to play with my thing as well.”“Okay. I’m all yours.”“There’s one more thing.”“What’s that?”“You put this condom on my penis. Don’t worry if you don’t get it right the first time. I’ve got plenty, and I’ll enjoy your fingers sliding over it while you get it on.”“Forget the condom, Al. It’s been my dream to act out seducing a man on an airplane. You should have seen the look in your eyes when I said I would be your seatmate. It’s been a glorious day; the flight was so much more enjoyable than most.“I pray you have safe flights for the remainder of your trip. I’ll be here when you return in three days, and we can do this all over again—maybe even make another of those videos. Now, honey, we’ve already had six hours of foreplay. Please rip these clothes off me, throw me down on that bed, and let my bare cunt swallow all of you.”