We moved to Tennessee, where we found a church we liked 45 minutes from our house. After attending the Wednesday night fellowship, we were heading home.The winter air was cool and refreshing in the back hills of Tennessee We left the church meeting, walking hand in hand towards the minivan. The moon shone brightly above, casting a romantic glow on everything around us. I couldn’t help but feel excited as I walked next to him, taking in his cool and collected demeanor that always drove me wild.As we strapped the kids in and began our journey home, my playful side couldn’t resist slipping off my bra from under my blouse. With giggles bubbling up inside, I waited for an opportune moment to reveal my little surprise.As the children’s voices drifted off into slumber, I leaned over and stealthily passed him my bra. His perplexed expression quickly transformed into a grin as his rough fingers traced the smooth fabric. Blushing with both vulnerability and excitement, I confessed, “I’m flirting with you.”My breasts stiffened and my desire intensified. My man is devoted to God, taking our family to church every week, and kindly assisting the elderly women who come for services.With furrowed eyebrows, he continued to examine the piece of clothing. Nervously smiling, I hoped he understood what I was trying to convey. Meeting my gaze with a sly glint in his eyes, he nodded in understanding.Taking a deep breath, I felt relieved yet also charged with anticipation. Throughout our ride home, I could feel my sensitive nipples pushing against the front of my blouse.He couldn’t resist teasing me as he leaned in close and whispered in my ear, “Shouldn’t we wait until we’re alone for this type of flirtation?”“Do you want me to wait? What do you want me to do?”“Play with your breasts”  I obeyed.“Finger your pussy for me.” I obeyed.“Cum for me baby.” I willingly and eagerly submitted to his command, surrendering completely. The power of a surrendered orgasm was overwhelming.When we finally arrived home, he helped me carry the kids inside and get them settled into their beds. As we walked back to our bedroom hand in hand, Pulling him towards me, I pressed my lips against his fervently.We walked into the bedroom. Now it was my turn to ask for something.“Fuck me,” I growled, my voice dripping with raw desire. “I need to feel you inside me, take all of me.”I didn’t care about reaching climax, I just needed him. This man works tirelessly for our family, and I was ready to give myself to him whenever he wanted. I bent over holding on to the heavy chair and he rammed his cock into my pussy, fucking me with a primal intensity. I couldn’t get enough, feeling like a lioness in heat as he claimed me as his own.Suddenly, he came hard, and shot his seed into me.  I eagerly turned around, taking his dick in my mouth to taste our combined pleasure. It was heavenly, the mix, of his slick juices and my own arousal drove me wild. After cleaning him up, I gave him a passionate kiss and thanked him for everything he does for us.He asked if he could bring me to another climax, but I declined. All I needed was to be fucked by this amazing man, nothing more. We quickly got cleaned up and settled into bed, with him sleeping peacefully beside me. But I couldn’t resist the temptation and used his wet cum to bring myself to a shuddering orgasm. With satisfied exhaustion, I fell asleep, surrendered to a Godly Man.