(L) – This story contains strong language.This story was inspired by acomment from LovelyLonelyLady on another post. She mentioned the types of stories that she likes. And, so….**********It was around noon on the day after the very hot wedding night between Lady Wetspot and Sir Longrod.As Lady Wetspot was putting away the breakfast dishes, Sir Longrod, a brave knight, received a message that was sent from the king via one of the couriers. A rebellion was brewing in one of the minor colonies. It had to be quashed before it might spread to other colonies, and thus upset the economy of the realm. Sir Longrod gathered his equipment, kissed Lady Wetspot goodbye, got on his horse, and rode toward the castle.He was gone a long time. Rumors were that the war was won quickly, but the knights had to stay on and keep order in the defeated colony. Finally, when her desire had been pent up for a long time, Lady Wetspot wrote a steamy letter about how she could not wait for Sir Longrod to come back and do those things to her again. After all, they had been married only one day when he left. Even though they had fucked in every room of the manor house, she wanted to do it again. In her letter, she even drew a “coupon” for a cum facial when he returned.One beautiful morning, Lady Wetspot heard music playing in the distance. She went to the upper floor of the manor house. The trees were still mostly bare—the leaves had just begun budding—so she had a good view toward the castle. She saw the banners of the column of knights, even before she could see the horses and the men with their shining armor. She had longed for this moment. Rather than experiencing the fluttering heart that she had read about in poetry, she noticed that her pussy was beginning to ache and get wet. She got an idea.There was a small lake on the back side of the property. It had a small beach. The rolling terrain and its forest secluded the beach from the view of others. She went to the kitchen, packed a picnic basket, gathered a couple of large towels, and began walking toward the beach. As she did, she could hear the victory trumpets in the distance. She knew that her man would be home soon.After setting down the picnic basket on a broad, level spot on the beach, Lady Wetspot went to the edge of the forest and began gathering small branches off the ground. She took them back and began stacking them for a fire. She then went back and found some bigger branches, and then stacked them. She went back and found some small logs, and then stacked those. Finally, she gathered a big handful of wet leaves from the forest floor. She set the leaves aside, and then lit the fire. As the fire caught on and began burning brightly, she threw the wet leaves on top. A thick column of gray smoke arose.Lady Wetspot then walked along the beach back toward the manor house. She began taking off articles of clothing, dropping them as she walked back toward the picnic basket. She left an obvious trail of clothing along the beach. When she arrived at the picnic basket, she was totally naked. She took out one of the big towels and spread it on the sand. Her pussy was aching with anticipation. She laid back on the towel and began playing with herself. Not long after she started, she could hear hoofbeats.There at the top of the knoll was Sir Longrod, his horse in a steady trot toward the beach. He lifted the visor of his helmet, looked down, saw the trail of clothing, and realized that the column of smoke was not the forest burning. It was a signal. Off in the distance, he could see Lady Wetspot lying naked on the towel.She heard the clank of metal as he tossed his shield on the beach, followed by his helmet, his sword, and parts of his armor. The shining objects were strewn in the sand in a parallel trail beside Lady Wetspot’s clothing. She began thinking about the rhythm of the hoofbeats, and about how soon they would be matching that rhythm.For the next two hours, Sir Longrod and Lady Wetspot fucked and sucked on the beach in hot, feral, spur-of-the-moment sex. He moaned and grunted. She moaned, shouted, and even screamed in one shuddering orgasm after another.All the while, the horse munched on grass at the edge of the forest and watched with some bit of curiosity.