After being away for three days, I was on my way to meet her. It was a ten-hour journey. During the trip, I could not stop fantasizing about our favourite positions. I had always returned home horny whenever I was away for two or more days. The separation has some magical effect on our sexual life.After holding the urge for ten long hours, I finally found myself standing at the door. It must have been 5AM. She greeted me at the door with a pleasant smile, but immediately returned to bed. I took a quick shower and joined her in the bed.She seemed to be sleeping well, so I bided my time. But time had never moved more slowly before. I turned toward her side of the bed. I began looking at her lips and let my eyes travel towards her soft breasts. I recollected the feeling of caressing her nipples, and taking in the warmth of her beautiful breasts. At this moment, I knew I couldn’t possibly control myself any longer, and I must do something. I was worried that my attempts would spoil her mood, but my mind was racing and I felt helpless.I collected some strength and placed a long, gentle kiss on her forehead, then waited for signs. It was a failure—she remained asleep. I brought over my hand gently around her and kissed her forehead again. With half-opened eyes she looked at me. Would she be mad?She kissed me on my lips, and held the kiss as she turned towards me and placed her hands on my body. I relaxed, relieved. No, she wasn’t mad.I kissed her again and gently began to rub my stone-hard penis against her soft thigh. I positioned my face to let my warm breath tickle her earlobes. After a moment, I realized she still looked asleep, despite my attempts to wake her gently, and the stirring that I thought meant she was awake. But I didn’t give up hope, and continued my attempts.In an instant, she opened her bright, beautiful eyes and came much closer and gave me a French kiss. I was wrong—shewasawake!My penis became harder, and she began caressing it and holding it upwards. At this moment, I did not waste a second, and began to playfully nibble and bite her right ear lobe. Her breast are only second to earlobes when it comes to increasing her heat. After good three minutes of feasting and panting my warm breath at her earlobes, she began pulling my hands to undress her top. Of course, I did this promptly, like a obedient servant.There I saw the most beautiful, plump, sweet breasts. I began to feast on them, applying my mouth in a pattern that I know she likes most. I started by applying my tongue in circles around her nipple base, only letting the tip of my tongue touch. I slowly lift the tip of my tongue to her nipple stem while gradually increasing the pace of the circles. I teased her, moving my tongue back to the base when she expected me to continue up to the tip. I continued to apply this pattern, gradually moving faster, licking more firmly, until I let my mouth fully consume her breast, devouring as much of it as I could fit into my mouth.She could not wait any more. She began to drag my penis towards her vagina. I never let this happen on her first invitation. I shifted continued the circular pattern on the other breast. Now she could not hold any longer and began applying force to pull my body up and position my penis towards her juicy spot. At first, this only forced my face more firmly against her breasts. I brought my hand to her womanly spot and felt juices and heat, like hot lava spreading across the region.I knew the time was ripe. I gave in to her demanding pulls, and positioned myself over her with my hard penis in exactly the spot she wanted. She was silky and slippery all over, and my member slid through her entrance without a struggle. The warmth of her spot welcoming my penis can’t be expressed in words. I began rhythmic movements while letting the head of my penis explore only her shallow regions. She asked me to go deeper. I resisted teasingly, so she wrapped her hands around me and pulled by back towards her, pulling me inside her to reach her deeper waters.I obeyed her and allowed my longing head to travel deep. She gasped in pleasure as I varied the throttle and thrust into her at different speeds.“Faster, fasstter, fassstterrr,” she moaned, but I could not increase the speed any more.I asked if she was ready for release.“No, not so soon,” she said.But I groaned, “I am losing control!”She ordered me to stop talking and increase the speed. I did my best for few seconds, and then she asked me to release.After a successful release, we hugged each other and laughed. After a few moments, I reached for some wet wipes and cleaned her up with gentle care.