All I Want for Christmas is You (an open letter to my husband):Dear Passionate Pastor,As we open our “sexy stockings” this morning for St. Nicholas Day, I can’t help but think about how much I love every moment we have together.Being your partner in all areas of this life has been joyous, but right now, I want to point out and thank you specifically for how much joy and merriment our sex life brings.You are the best lover I could have ever imagined. The way you tenderly kiss my neck, cheeks, and lips makes me feel loved. When you either massage away my stress or gently run your fingers through my hair as we relax, you show how much you care and cherish me. The way you caress my ivory breasts and give extra affection to my pink areolas and hard nipples arouses my desire. And the way you touch, lick, and fill my wanting warmth fills me with pleasure.This all brings me to the point of “all I want for Christmas is you.” I know it’s cheesy. I know how cringe-worthy Mariah Carey’s hit blaring over the shopping center’s sound system is. But, it’s true that all I want for Christmas is you.I want your sexy arms to wrap around me. I want your fingers to glide over my panty line while we kiss passionately. I desire for you to slide both hands up, smoothly drawing my shirt up and over my head. As you kiss my neck, I need you to deftly unclasp my bra and let it fall to the ground so that you can give my breasts the attention you’ll be longing to give them all day. First, I long for you to fondle them gently while our tongues tango and then move your lips from mine so that you can lick my hard nipple with one hand while continuing to caress with one hand. After I can’t take the teasing any longer, I want to pull your attention back to my lips so thatIcan disrobeyou.I want to pull your shirt off first to see your sexy torso in the dim candle or Christmas light glow and kiss my way down to your pant line where I want to take my time unbuttoning and unzipping your pants. As I am working on smoothly releasing you and you’re lovingly staring down into my eyes, I will hunger to feel your hard dick begging to escape and meet my soft lips.I want to feel your cock pulsating in my mouth. I crave pulling your pants and underwear down around your ankles in one mere movement so I can see your manhood bounce up in front of my face. I wish I can kiss the precum off of you, and I hope you will see the string of it suspending between us before I move back in to take you deeper into my mouth. My mouth must salivate as I feel your smooth cock in me. I desire to make sure that I give your balls extra sweet kisses, sucks, and grabs. I want to edge you to orgasm – sucking you until you feel like you’re about to shoot your hot cum to the back of my throat.Knowing what a kind and giving lover you are, you will want to repay the fellatio favor. I want you to rip my pants off and position me on the edge of the bed so that you can comfortably get on your knees and work your tongue over my wet lower lips. I need to feel you making your way around my clit and taking in my sweet juices. I long for you to tongue fuck me until I can’t take it anymore and then I will want a very different muscle to penetrate my pussy.All I want for Christmas is for you to make love to me.I want you to move me up on the bed so that first you give my tits more tantalization as your cock slides into my wet cunt from the missionary position. I desire for you to make my body quake over and over the way you know how to do so well.I really want you to guide me to my hands and knees and position yourself behind me. I ache to feel your dick thrusting into me from behind. I need to feel your full balls slapping into my clit and I desire for us to erupt together as our bodies quake in orgasmic euphoria.I want our naked bodies to melt together on our mattress as we fall asleep in each other’s embrace.I am gratefultoyou and I am also gratefulforyou.Love,Your Passionate Wife