[Continued fromPart 1.]From her knees, Janet looked at me with an expression of both desire and sensual power as she asked,  “Ready to head to bed?”“Ah!… Yeah!” I croaked.  At that point, I would have gone anywhere my sensual wife directed me!We turned off the shower, grabbed our towels, and enjoyed watching each other dry off.  I noticed my wife stealing glances at my rear (nice and tight for my age) and my man parts, and I was taking in the view of her body, her smooth skin, and her large breasts bouncing and shifting as she used her towel.“Let’s go.” She smiled. “I’m ready for our BIG reward!”Janet slid into bed a minute or so ahead of me and positioned herself on her right side.  Her white flesh contrasted nicely against the navy blue bottom sheet. The same color top sheet covered her lower legs.  Her right breast spilled out on the bed, and her left one perched precariously on her torso, aimed slightly toward the ceiling but in danger of falling down against the right mound at any time.  Her light pink nipples were still long and erect from our time in the shower and the cool air as we moved to the bedroom.Janet knows how exhilarating it is for me when she puts herself on display, and now she was openly inviting me to dive in and enjoy her body.  I couldn’t keep my eyes off her beautiful curves as I joined her in bed.  We had spent so much time in the shower revving each other’s sexual engines that there was no need for extended foreplay, but with such a willing vision before me, I couldn’t resist revisiting my wife’s God-given gifts once more.I kissed her ardently, and our tongues entwined in passion as my right hand began traveling along her chest.  I supported her left breast in my hand and kissed down her neck. Reveling in the soft flesh of her bosom, I nuzzled my way onto her right breast.  That perfect white mound was poured out along the mattress. I kissed and tasted every bit until I arrived at its erect nipple.  I pressed my lips against the tip, pushing it firmly against the bed as I licked and nudged it with my tongue.My right hand was busy with her left breast, squeezing and kneading that sensuous globe of womanly flesh.  I let my thumb rub that nipple slowly before flicking it steadily.  The renewed assault on my wife’s sensitive chest had exactly the desired effect!  Janet’s arousal was really starting to reignite.  She turned onto her back and invited me to do all I wanted.  I latched onto her now fully exposed right nipple, sucking and swirling it with my tongue while my right thumb and fingertips were busy tweaking and tugging her left nipple.Before long, I shifted my body so I was leaning across her torso. I was able to use my mouth, lips and tongue to devour that stretched-out tip.  I slid my right hand down between her legs and caressed her vulva. Then I used a talented finger to slide just inside her damp crevice.  I found her private slit warm and wet and teased her innermost flesh gently. This encouraged even more fluid from her excited body.Janet had been making wonderful moans of approval and playing with my chest. Now the synchrony of my mouth and hand made her really groan with pleasure as she clutched the sheet.  There was no need for words at this point.  She was ready for me to finish her.  So I shifted between her legs and positioned myself for the final act of lovemaking.I held my shaft and placed the tip right at the entrance of her private vault. This was not to tease her but to make sure we were aligned perfectly.  Once I was confident, I simply pressed my pelvis forward, filling her in one firm thrust.  Janet gave her familiar groan of satisfaction as I fully entered her. I began moving in and out in the wonderful rhythm that would soon bring us mutual bliss.  My wife enjoined me with her own pelvic movements. We just kept our bodies moving together, increasing our excitement steadily.We were both so aroused. You would think we’d be thrashing against each other, loudly proclaiming our mutual physical joy. We had already expended all THAT type of sexual energy in the shower to reach this point.  Now we were enthralled with each other, body and soul, working effortlessly, relentlessly, in a quiet crescendo of lovemaking. I kissed and nuzzled Janet’s neck, and I felt her body tense just a little, a telltale sign of impending orgasm.  I looked at her and was rewarded by the expression on her face. Her eyes glistened in that special trance of true love, desire, and physical need.She started to ask something, but only a tiny bit of sound came out of her mouth. Our exquisite thrusting and meshing together interrupted her as our motions brought us to bliss.  I quietly answered her with a low, nearly breathless reply.  “Oh, yes…”  I exhaled, assuring her that I was on the brink as well.I am sure our faces and eyes reflected the same emotions as we erupted strongly but quietly together. We held each other tightly as the waves of pleasure overwhelmed our bodies and senses.  Janet and I lurched and pressed into each other.  As we rode the waves of ecstasy to the peak and back, we moaned in unison. We stayed entwined for a bit but eventually unwrapped ourselves for our recovery time.After a while, my wife looked at me and smiled. “So,  I guess you enjoyed your reward.”“Oh, yeah.” I smiled back in contentment. Then I corrected her: “OUR reward!”“Uh, huh,” Janet continued. “You were quite the wild man today!  Once I let you in the shower, I didn’t know if we’d make it out of there!”“Well, we almost didn’t!”  I stated.  “But you were a little wilder than usual today as well.” I smiled, obviously hinting about her special oral favors given.“Mmmm,” my wife murmured. “You know watching you work hard for me makes me… appreciative.”“And watching you work in the yard gets me excited as well!” I stated.  “You KNOW that white shirt gets me all riled up!”“That old rag?” She said, smiling. I believe she knows EXACTLY how certain items of her clothing affect me.  Even if it were true, she would probably never willingly admit to wearing such a provocative item on purpose. (I have been known to occasionally extract a confession, though!)  Just little games between the “old married couple” that add spark to our love life!  I don’t mind playing the games. Most of the time her “unintentional” visual teasing will result in a “happy ending” for both of us!I replied, “That old, thin, white, tight rag that hugs your chest?  Yeah, THAT one!”My wife  teased, “It’s getting so old and worn,  I was thinking I might just have to throw it away!”“Not in my lifetime,” I smiled.  “In fact, I think we need a new house rule… EVERY time you wear that shirt, we ALWAYS take a shower together when the work is finished!”“Mmmm,” Janet murmured. “I can’t promise the same ending EVERY time. But I guess we could keep that idea in mind and see how it goes.” Then my wife continued. “I have other old shirts for yard work. So I wouldn’t need to wear the white one EVERY time!” She smiled with that reminder.“Unless those other ones get put into the donation box for the Salvation Army,” I grinned.That’s why the night ended with a firm, playful thump on my chest from my wife’s pillow!