Hi all. Been around for a while, but first post here. We’ll see how it goes!My wife and I have a fantastic, loving, hot sex life full of chemistry. That’s the back drop. As for adventure and trying new things? It’s a work in progress.I thought I would post some of my hopes and fantasies for the future, but start with something I love that’s already occurring.My wife’s ass is the most glorious thing I’ve ever seen. Large, round, shapely, wide hips but not really muscular. She’s average size, but with a large lower body. Jiggly, the way I like it—especially in doggy-style.We’ve recently been doing doggy-style more, and I can barely contain myself. The view is absurdly good, and I’ve learned a new technique that has her moaning consistently.When it’s my turn to cum, I pound her pretty hard and watch her ass jiggle and move as I slide in and out of her. Sometimes, I grab her hips or the side of her ass; other times, I just keep my hands away and watch. It’s all good, all the time.My wife is a fantastic lover, but somewhat shy when it comes to expressing fantasies or even what feels nice. In turn, it’s difficult for me at times to communicate my desires! Here are few of them. My hope is that articulating them here will help me to be more bold and reveal them to her.* I want to watch her masturbate and see how she touches herself. This sounds extremely arousing, but also educational so I can learn how to be a better lover.* I want her to fuck me in reverse cowgirl/clapper-style. Her ass is so hot (and she knows it ;)). The idea of seeing her ass clap against itself and against me, while she is doing the work is ridiculously hot.* I want to spend an entire hour pleasing her in a myriad of ways, without me getting to cum. She should feel like it’s all about her, and then this will edge me for perhaps later in the day.* I want her to spend at least half an hour rubbing me, sucking me, and eventually let me finish either in her mouth or all over her as she pumps me.* I want to make her cum and fuck in our favorite positions, and then when it’s time for me to cum, for her to squeeze her tits together and ask me to cum all over them.Pretty ho-hum for many of you, I know, but this is where we are at! I’m glad I found this place. Peace.