Jerry was relieved to have a break from the horrors of war. He had been seriously injured during a raid. The field hospital had patched up his arm and sent him to the rear for light duty, but Jerry was no pencil-pusher. He requested convalescent leave, knowing the chances were slim, but the Army granted him two weeks. And at home, someone special waited for him, someone who could make him forget all that had happened for a while.Olivia prepared dinner for herself and sat alone at the table. Jerry had been gone for almost a year, and she missed him a lot. They had only been married six months before he got drafted. She stared longingly at a picture on the mantle of Jerry and her taken just before he left, and tears started to roll down her face. She quickly grabbed a tissue, little knowing that her beloved Jerry was on a train home to her.As soon as the train rolled into the station, Jerry grabbed his duffel. On the platform, he stopped a moment to get his bearings, then hailed the nearest taxi to take him home.Jerry hadn’t told Olivia he was coming; he wanted to surprise her. He paid the cabby, then shouldered his bag and climbed the stairs to their second-floor apartment. A few seconds later, the door opened to his knock, and… Olivia. Words deserted him.Olivia stared uncomprehendingly for a moment, then threw herself against Jerry’s chest. He dropped his bag to envelop her with his good arm and caressed her gently.“I’ve missed you so much,” Olivia sobbed into his shoulder.Jerry tenderly pulled away and led Olivia into their apartment. When she noticed the sling, she gasped and touched his arm. “I am so glad you’re home, but what happened?”Jerry explained what he could, leaving out the most gruesome parts. At the end of his tale, Olivia leaned into him and quietly said, “I’m glad you’re back, Jerry, but for how long?”“Two weeks. The Army wants me to heal completely before going back to the front lines. But, more than anything, I just needed to see you.”Olivia smiled, led him into their room, and they sat on the bed.“How I’ve missed you, Olivia. You’re everything to me.” Jerry pulled her into an embrace, and their tongues intertwined. He hungrily caressed her body. “I need you, Olivia; I need you so bad.”“Wait, Jerry,” Oliva said. “Let me get ready first.” She then got up, took something from a drawer, and went into the bathroom.Moments later, Olivia came out in only a shiny robe, her pretty cleavage showing. She gracefully walked over to Jerry, who rose to meet her.“You’re so… pretty”, he said hoarsely. He reached inside Olivia’s robe and lightly touched her soft, full breasts. Soon the robe was off, and Jerry’s eyes, mouth, and fingers explored her body like new territory. But neither of them could bear to wait very long. With Olivia’s help, Jerry hurriedly shed his shirt and pants, and the erection they uncovered told her how much he craved their union.“Lie down,” she told him, holding his hand as she helped him recline on the pillows. Within seconds, she had straddled him and had him inside her.“Oh, Jerry, I’ve waited so long!” The pleasure of his entrance bloomed within her as she began to move. Her speed built up incrementally; though unpracticed, her urgency drove him to the brink in record time.“Livvie, slow down…”“I can’t. Not now,” Olivia panted, then cried, “I’m coming, Jerry!”Jerry’s body started to shake as he felt his semen pulse into her. Olivia collapsed atop him, and they held each other and tenderly kissed. Olivia soon fell asleep in Jerry’s arm, her head on his chest. He rested his cheek against her hair and enjoyed the moment of peace.