(L) – This story contains strong language.What gets me horny?To put it simply, my wife and her being horny. That might not be a very insightful answer, but it’s true.Here’s one example from the other night.I love to give her back rubs. Whenever I go up her shirt to massage her naked skin, I almost immediately get hard.On this particular night, she started cooing and telling me it felt good. I started feeling goose bumps on her as I got closer to her erogenous zones. She lay on her side, as she often does, so that my fingers and hands can veer off course from her back to her breasts.I explored closer and closer to her nipples, finally running a hand softly across her hard nipples. That always produces a heavy breath from her, and I knew that at the same time, her pussy was getting wet, which made me even harder.I started peeling off all her clothing one piece at a time. First her shirt, then her PJ shorts. I left her panties on as I started to massage all around her ass, inner thighs, and lower back. I kissed her up her back and neck, then back down again until I came to her panty line. My fingers grabbed onto her panties—they had to come off.At that moment I couldn’t take it any more. I stripped her of her panties, exposing that beautiful, enchanting ass of hers, and threw those panties across the room.She jiggled her ass a bit to tease and draw me in closer. I began to massage it, going back and forth between deep tissue massage and light, feathery touches with my fingertips. I danced up and down her ass crack, teasing closer and closer to her pretty little pussy.What happens next in this routine depends on many factors. When she is super horny, she always demands I penetrate her. But usually I want it to last longer, so I continue to tease her. If she’s just stepped out of the shower, I must further bathe her sweet pussy with my tongue. That’s what I did this night.Diving in to use my tongue on her can be difficult when she’s laying face down, so I started by kissing her all over her ass. It’s so sweet. She cooed and moaned and started to give in to me. Lately, she had learned to spread her legs and angle her hips to allow better access. When she does this, I feel a strike of tingles deep within my groin. My raging boner can’t get much harder while she starts grinding all of her naughty places in my face!My wife is a sweet feminine woman. To know how dirty, wet and wild she can get with proper foreplay is such a turn on. She has thrown out all of her inhibitions both in body language and spoken word. “Put your cock in me,” she demand. Only in the throws of passion will she utter that word. I have never heard her use it otherwise.But even though her words turned me on, I couldn’t oblige so quickly—there was more teasing to do! I continued licking and kissing her, then reluctantly departed her pussy so she could roll over and expose herself even more to me.My kisses went up her torso, stopped at her tits for good measure, and then finally met her lips. We made out as the head of my cock found the opening of her pussy. I rubbed all around it without entering. She continued to demand it.She was so deliciously wet that my cock was drowning in her juices. I worked my way in very slowly, with short, teasing strokes, not yet fully entering her. I grtadually pushed more and more, going deeper and deeper.When I finally sank my entire length into her, she whispered, “Oh you feel so good!”I nearly came from her words, so I stayed right there and started to slowly grind into her pussy in a circular motion while I remained deep inside her. This usually gets her off within a few minutes.I loved all of that! Her enjoying her orgasm turns me on to no end, and her climax frees me to finally cum myself. I tried not to—to make it last longer—but she often insists upon making me cum after she does, knowing that is the end for me until I rest up a bit. I’d much prefer to let her rest a minute and go back in for her, but she seems compelled to bring me to climax.She maneuvered us so that she was on top, drew me away from her too-sensitive clit, and started to ride my cock up and down. The pleasure quickly overtook me and I exploded inside her.In any event, that’s how she gets me really hard. I love fucking her! I want to do it now, but she’s not able, so I am left to dream about teasing, rubbing and licking her until I get that sweet command again: “Put your cock in me!”