A recent love making session got me thinking about some of the most visually erotic experiences in our marriage bed.   I thought I would share one and ask the rest of the MH community members to share as well.Last Saturday morning E and I made love after a long week and too many days between our last session.  We were both tired Friday night going to bed. But we promised that Saturday morning would start with a much needed reunion of our bodies becoming one.   We woke around 8 AM.   Our foreplay session was hot and deliberate. We kissed and mutual explored each others bodies in the 69 position with our hands, fingers, and lubricant.   Eventually E signaled me to enter her and I climbed on top starting in a missionary position.I spent the next 20-25 minutes slowly penetrating her completely shaven and glistening pussy at various depths.   Propping myself up, I could see my cock enter her and visualize the depth of penetration with each intentional probe.  Seeing her swollen lips take me in. Pulling out of her and placing my hand around my shaft. Using my member to massage her folds in a circular motion. Rubbing my pulsating head against her clit. Seeing her love button stand to attention.I love to see her facial gasps and the swollen wetness caused by my playfulness. Her face begs me to go deeper and displays joyful appreciation when I do.   Propping her legs over my shoulders while I watch this perfect union of our bodies coming together with such ease.  Enjoying the blessing of daylight to see this perfect scene. My swollen and wanting cock sliding in and out of her. Her pussy opening for me when our thrusting intensifies.  Her expressions as her climax unfolds and her walls contract and release with me inside of her.It is so erotic to watch her body receive me. And for me to use and control my manhood to play with and tease her.  I love watching my cock probe her. Such a delight to slide deeply into her well lubricated entrance and inner walls. Such a joy bringing her to complete satisfaction.For my fellow MH’ers, what are some of the marriage bed experiences that you find most visually erotic?