This post contains some strong language (L).I took a few moments at work to check the feed from our home security system. I’d made it my habit since the break-in whenever Mary Beth was home alone. As I pulled up the interface from my office desk, I saw my wife sitting on the couch reading her Bible.  Her bright-red painted toenails peeking through sheer black stockings captured my attention. Slim, fit legs crossed at the ankles led my eyes upward to the tops of her stockings and the garter strap stretched along her smooth, soft thighs that disappeared under the hem of a short black skirt. Neatly manicured fingernails turned the pages of the Bible and trailed down the page as she read.After a few moments, she shifted to pull her legs up and stretch out on the couch. Her black blouse rose, showing off her toned belly.  It must have been cool in the house; her nipples poking through her silky blouse looked so inviting that I wished I were home to suck on them. I knew that if I nibbled them hard enough, she would moan and press them into my mouth, wanting more.It surprised me to see Mary Beth squeeze one of her large breasts as she read. She seemed to be panting, and I thought I heard a soft moan. Before long, she set the Bible on the coffee table, and out of curiosity, I zoomed in.Ah, Song of Solomon; that explained a lot: the story of true love and the pure essence of a man and wife giving of themselves sexually.  Although the symbolism ascribed to it—Christ’s passionate love for His bride, the Church—is true and meaningful, the sexual undertones are very erotic. Mary Beth was obviously enjoying her Bible study today.As I watched, Mary Beth slid a hand down her tummy, and her knees parted to reveal the top of her bare pussy between the garters. Her fingers diddled there a while before dipping lower to slide inside. Mary Beth’s back arched, and her moan was unmistakable this time.I couldn’t help but run my palm down the length of my stiff shaft through my pants. I watched, wanting my wife.Mary Beth’s eyes were closed, and her head tossed as she mumbled, “Come to me my love; come and eat from my honeycomb and drink my honey like wine.” She pulled her dripping fingers from her pussy, and I stared as a long string of her honey dripped down. She opened her lips wide and stuck out her tounge to catch it, then lowered her fingers to her mouth and sucked them, savoring the taste.  Smiling, she dipped them into her honeypot again for another taste.But soon her hand returned to her garden of liquid incense, circling and sliding to all the right places. Meanwhile, her other hand unbuttoned her blouse enough to slip inside and pinch, twist, and pull at her nipples until she was moaning and wiggling all over the couch.  Her thighs intermittently spread wide and squeezed around the hand between them as she delightfully had her way with herself.I had seen all I could handle.  The front of my slacks was wet with precum, and my cock was so hard it hurt.  I rushed from the office to my car. Thankfully, the snow had held off, and I made it home in 30 minutes flat.I quietly entered the house, hoping to catch her still in the act. Instead, she lay seemingly asleep on the couch, her legs splayed open and inviting.  As I undressed, my eyes devoured her. Her honey covered her pussy, thighs, fingers and the cushions, and though my erection had hardly diminished as I stroked it driving home, the smell of her had me about to burst.I rubbed the copious precum around the head of my cock as I knelt between her knees beside the couch. Aiming carefully, I pushed slowly between her swollen lips and into the snug, slick warmth beyond—my heaven for over 20 years.Mary Beth’s eyes opened wide, and she cried out in surprise! But then she focused and moaned, “My beloved has entered our garden.”I love when she uses Biblical poetic language with me; it turns me on. “Yes, my love,” I answered, drawing her hips toward me as I began to thrust. “I heard your call and have come to water the garden.”“I long to feel you plant your seed deep with in me. My garden is fertile.” With our son now in college, Mary Beth spoke often of having another baby; and I have to admit, the thought of impregnating her (and of hot pregnancy sex) got my blood boiling.I lifted Mary Beth’s legs and held them to my chest as I pounded her tight pussy over and over.  Her tits bounced wildly with each thrust.“Yes, fuck me, my beloved. Fuck me hard and long till my honeycomb gushes all over your beautiful cock!”Our eyes locked, and she tensed up as I pounded her. Her body shook and trembled, then her pussy pulsed around my cock as she screamed out, “Fu-uh-uh-uh-uck!” Honey poured from her pussy, squirting out around my cock with each thrust I gave her.After one last deep push, I pulled Mary Beth’s shaking legs tight to me and arched my back. Her hips rose with me, leaving only her shoulders and head on the couch as my hot cock erupted, flooding her.Mary Beth trembled, still spasming lightly around my cock.  Her eyes fluttered and rolled back.I stayed deep in her pussy, making sure to fill her completely.  When I finally pulled out and lowered her hips, our cum gushed like a river from her pussy.Mary Beth lay swooning, looking much like she had when I found her here, except now the saiety had been my gift.I stood, smiling down at her, and thanked the Lord again for blessing me with such a beautiful, amazing wife, mother, and sexual partner such as I could have only dreamed.