I’m lustfully viewing my gorgeous wife’s attributes as she’s bent over naked on our dining table. My heart bursts with equal measures of love and desire for the woman of my dreams. Even after three kids, she could still be a pin-up girl, and she’s extra horny tonight.Back at the restaurant I got the hint that her craving was intensifying when she out-did my dares; fingering herself on video for me, then flashing me on the way back to the table. Wow!Here in our kitchen, her raw sensuality is in full expression. Her vulnerable position, her aggressiveness, and her sexual initiative are driving me wild. As I thrust into her wetness, I  can feel my climax building, and I warn her.Then she says, “Baby, don’t cum in me, okay? I don’t want you to stop  f…ing me, but I want more!” Well, THAT almost made me explode in her! But I pulled out and shot my cream on her backside instead!Taking a break to regroup for more, we shared some wine, gathered our clothes and showered.  Still damp in her towel and wearing red high heels, she came into the bedroom, kissed me and whispered, “You feel so good inside me, honey… and… well, baby,  I need to f… you tonight till I can’t take any more, okay?”Wow! I’m thinking, “What has turned your heat up so high tonight, girl?” But it’s every husband’s dream for his sexy wife to be this aggressive, right? So I’m ready to give her everything she wants.Taking me by the hand, she leads me to the living room. The lights are out, and the fireplace is burning. My dick noticeably pushes my towel out. She unwraps my towel and smiles at my full erection.Then her towel drops to the floor, and her freshly showered body glows in the firelight. How did I end up with this woman who’s so beautiful, inside and out? Gently we kiss, slowly at first. Then as her breasts press against my chest, it becomes more passionate. The “fire” takes over again. I start to fondle her shapely ass. She strategically kisses down to my neck.She works her way down my chest to my abs, kneeling to kiss my pubic area. Then she cups my jewels and looks longingly at my erect dick. Holding it steady, she kisses the head, then licks a circle around the tip of it.“Baby, I love your dick.” She looks up at me with those beautiful green eyes. “And I love sucking you. I love the way you taste, the smooth texture of the head, the way it feels when I take it all in my mouth.”Standing over her, I watch her as she makes love to my rock-hard shaft. Having done it for several years, she’s perfected it to an art.  My God, she’s so sexy! But it’s so good it tends to make me cum quickly, so I take her hands and pull her to her feet to kiss her.“Oh, but I want to suck you until you cum,” she whispers.I assure her that’s what I want too. But now it’s my turn, so I start working my kisses to her neck and shoulders. She gently sighs. Then, as I use my lips and tongue on her breasts, she starts breathing quicker, especially as I suck her nipples—she loves that!  On my knees now, I kiss her tummy, down to her sculpted pubic area.Then, with my hands on her firm ass, I kiss the front of her thighs, looking up into her loving eyes. She knows what I want her to do, so she spreads her high heels apart and guides my face between her legs. As I kiss her inner thighs, I hear her sighs get louder. Her breathing grows more rapid as she longs for my tongue to taste her delights.Skillfully, I make love to the swollen lips of her treasure, as my tongue teases her clitoris. I feel her tremble as her excitement builds. Then as she lifts one leg, I penetrate her with my tongue, and she pulls on my head to get it deep inside her.Knowing she will cum soon, I pull her onto the couch, get in the sideways-69 position, and we go wild! Oh my God, she tastes so freakin’ good! We can’t seem to get enough of each other as she moans loudly in sheer ecstasy.Suddenly, her body begins spasming as her orgasm builds! Her sucking grows erratic as her body loses control, but she keeps pleasuring me. I know she’s close, so I intensify my tongue on her clitoris. In seconds, she explodes with a major orgasm that makes her whole body convulse with indescribable pleasure! And I devour her juices!She tries to push my head away because she’s overwhelmed, out of control. But I fight her off, making her give in to the electric pulses shooting through her pussy! Breathing heavily, she can’t keep my dick in her mouth as she groans with ecstasy.  “Please, baby, I can’t… I can’t take any more.”With a few final kisses to her gorgeous inner thighs, I get up and sit on the couch. I wipe the juices off my face and watch her as she gets up. She looks dazed because her chemistry changed so dramatically during her “extended” orgasm.Then, with a wild look in her eyes, she turns around with her ass toward me, opens her legs, and sits on my lap as she guides my dick inside her pussy. It slides in slowly, and she cries out, “Oh, yeah, baby… Oh f…, that’s good!”She begins mercilessly driving her ass onto me, taking my dick deep inside her pussy. Her juiciness saturates my pubic hair as she grinds wildly.  I’m ecstatic, watching her as she devours my dick, moving so voluptuously, her breasts dancing. She’s groaning expletives, describing her pleasure, enjoying deep penetration.She’s surprised to feel another orgasm building so soon again. Losing control of her modesty, she blurts out, ” Oh, f…, oh, f… me!  F… me, that… feels… so gooooood!!!” as she explodes with orgasmic pleasure again. She quivers ecstatically, beautifully, and I have a perfect viewpoint to watch her body.As she recovers, she pulls off my throbbing shaft, gets on her hands and knees, and says, “F… me from behind, baby!”I get behind her, taking in the view of her body. Her rosebud glistens from her juices in this most vulnerable but erotic position. I tease her with the head, grazing her butt cleft. She arches her back and moves her butt with approval. Then as I tease her swollen “lips,” she moans, wanting me to slide inside her.She whimpers, “Please, baby, I want you inside me. Please, f… me hard.” I can’t hold back; I have to plunge my dick into this beautifully horny woman!As I slide inside her, she twitches slightly, and moans with delight. I begin thrusting into her and she says, “F… me, baby… yeah, f… me hard!” So I  do—faster, harder—and she moans louder! “Yes… oh, yes, baby, f… me just like that!  F… me till I can’t take it anymore!”I warn her that I’m gonna cum soon, but she won’t let me stop. Then she says, “I want to feel you cum inside me… deep inside me, baby! I want to make you cum hard!”To have more contact with her butt, I lay her on her tummy. I’m positioned on her butt, with my dick deep in her wetness. It’s a sure way to make me cum, and as our flesh smacks against each other, my cock swells full, then shoots my love cream deep inside her. She arches her back and works her ass against me to maximize the penetration, and I empty my juice inside her, enjoying every thrust, wishing it could last and last. Eventually, we slow down, and then I just lie on her, enjoying the feeling of her butt under me, both exhausted, but so satisfied.What a night! I mean our sex is always good, but, wow… tonight! This was one we’ll recall over and over again. One we’ll try to duplicate, I hope. And hours ago it all started with an erotic phone call, ha-ha!