This post contains strong language (L).My wet fingers rubbed my clit as my husband pounded my pussy from behind.It was a beautiful sunny warm morning right before work. All was fine until my husband came downstairs clean-shaven. The clock said 6:12 am. We were both dressed and ready for the day, but then an innocent, cute joke led to something else. Now here we were half naked, my skirt up and his pants around his ankles, fucking early in the morning.He smacked my ass.“Just real quick,” he said. He pounded me from behind, his balls slapping against my ass.“Oh, baby,” I moaned.“You feel so good,” he said. His hard dick rammed into me as I kept rubbing. “Shit,” he grunted, “I’m gonna cum.” He pulled out of me.“No,” I said, “cum in me.”“I want you to cum,” he said.The clock read 6:25 am.“Look, we’re both going to be late,” I told him. “Who cares if I cum? Just cum in me.”“I care,” my husband said. He laid me back. “Hold this,” he said and lifted my skirt up more. Then he went down on me.“Shit,” I moaned as his mouth on my inner parts worked overtime. I pulled his hair and held his head as he ate me out.”Oh, baby,” I moaned, “that feels so good.”My husband inserted one finger inside me, then two. His mouth continued to work, and I went crazy, as I always do.“Shit. Fuck,” I moaned. As his tongue worked its magic on my lower parts, his fingerwork sped up. “Baby,” I screamed, “that feels so fucking good.” My heart beat faster, and my breathing quickened. I felt it building in me. I couldn’t help myself; I gave in to it. My husband stayed right on my sweet spot—and then it happened.“Fuckkkkk,” I moaned, my eyes rolling back. “Baby, I’m cumming,” I screamed. “I’m cumming on you!!!”My husband stayed there until I finished.“I like it when you moan and roll your eyes,” he said and kissed my lips. Before I could tell him to, my husband had already guided his aching cock into my sweet hole.“Your turn,” I said as I opened my legs wider.When he entered me, we looked into each other’s eyes, then kissed. He went very slowly;I don’t think we cared about the time anymore.“Faster, baby,” I begged.“You want me to fuck you hard?”  My husband asked. “Like this?” He thrust hard, taking my breathe away.“Yes.” I nodded.“I’m going to fuck the shit out of you and your pussy before work.” My husband grinned.“Fuck me, baby.” I moaned.He did as he was told: his hard sweet cock thrust hard in and out of me. Our moans of pleasure filled the room.“Fuck me,” I whimpered, and my husband fucked me harder. “Yes, that feels good, baby.”It didn’t take long before my husband began to grunt. I knew what was about to happen, and I prepared by wrapping my legs around him and pulling him closer.“Baby, I’m ’bout to cum.”“I know,” I whispered. “Cum in me.”“I don’t know if I want to,” he said. “It’s going to be a mess.”“I don’t care,” I told him. “I love feeling your cum inside me. Do it. Please, baby.”At first, my husband resisted, but he quickly gave in as his release neared. He thrust once more, deep inside me, before…“Aghhhh, shit!” my husband grunted. I squeezed my legs tightly around him as he filled me up. “I’m cumming,” he said.“I know,” I whispered. “I love it.”He pulled out of me quickly. We kissed before we went to clean ourselves up. I went into the bathroom, still feeling his cum drip out of me. It was sexy, what we just did.“That was good.” My husband winked at me. “Let’s do it more often.”Not too bad for a quick “breakfast” before work.