(L) – This story contains strong language.(Author’s note: for privacy purposes, no names in this story are the real names of the people they represent.)I play with the zipper of my hoodie, still in awe of the sex we just had in the back of our Tahoe. I had placed the seats down before leaving home to pick up Cal, knowing we’d never make it home without a Tangle in the Tahoe. Sure enough, on the way back from the airport, I’d spent the better part of an hour giving him road head and pleasuring myself as we drove through slow traffic, then Cal had pulled off the highway to fuck me.“Are you sure you don’t want to camp under some stars tonight?” Cal suggests. “I have warm enough clothes for you to sleep in.” That was a possibility. I’m so small compared to him that a sweater to him was a blanket to me. I could make it work, but…“Babe, you know I’d do anything for you,” I say, “but I’d rather just get home.” I add in a snarky tone, “Besides, I’m wearing a super messy thong and you won’t let me put my shorts back on.” The truth is, he’d told me I could put them on several times, but we both knew he wanted easy access to the sticky and slimy mess he’d made in my pussy. Or at least, that’s what I was telling myself. “I want a shower. Maybe we can get a hotel, but something nice.”“There are no nice hotels between us and home. We’d have to backtrack about an hour,” he says. He looks at me in thought for a moment, then continues, “Want to see if that bed and breakfast we like up in the next town has rooms available? We can stop at Walmart first and get you something to wear.”I’m not a snob, but…Walmart clothes?And as if he knew what I was thinking, my husband says, “Normally I’d never think of dressing that body of yours at Walmart, but it’s getting late and nothing else out here is going to be open.”“Fine,” I say. I grab my phone and manage to book a room last minute at a cute little bed and breakfast.As we pull into the Walmart parking lot, I go to grab my shorts and he says, “Oh no you don’t. You’re wearing enough.”“Yes, sir,” I say before kissing his cheek and hopping out of the vehicle.I know the bottom of my ass is on display, but even if I was wearing the shorts, it would still be just as much on display as the hoodie is longer than the shorts. I also lower the zipper on the hoodie to show off plenty of my cleavage. Even though we’re at a Walmart, it’s surprisingly not too busy, given the time and location. We head into the clothes section and I beeline it for the summer dresses.Cal grabs this cute little dress and shows it to me. “You should try this one on,” he says.I find a few other dresses and begin to walk toward the dressing room, but Cal grabs my arm.“They’re dresses, just try them on out here,” He says.“Need I remind you, I’m naked under here,” I say as I look from side to side and unzip the hoodie until it’s only held together by the bottom, leaving the center of my tits and tummy on display.He can see over most of the displays, so he can see if anyone is close by, and I trust him. I finish unzipping the hoodie and slowly reveal one breast, then the other. My pussy instantly gets a tad more wet than it had been a second ago. I hang the hoodie over a rack and I try on the dress he wanted to see me in.“Turn around,” he orders.I obey and slowly spin. As my back is to him, he grabs my ass and lifts the dress.I look back at him and say, “Are you sure you don’t want to go to the dressing rooms?”I see him look around then he squats and grabs my thong and takes it off. Then he puts it in his pocket and turns me back toward him.“You should get this one,” He says as his eyes drift to the low neckline.I grab another dress I think is cute and he walks to grab me some panties. I don’t get anything sexy, but opt for cute. I got one pair that says princess on the front and another with just a heart on one of the cheeks.Cal grabs my hand, and I’m shocked when he leads me to the self checkout rather than a secluded area where he can get me naked and use me, which I was totally expecting. He tears the price tag off of the dress I’m wearing and scans that and the rest of the items we chose.Just before we leave the store, he pulls the princess panties out of the bag and says, “Why don’t you be a naughty little princess and toss these on right here.” Cal says about five feet beyond the guy that checks receipts.As a few people are in there walking in or out of the store, I step into the panties and pull them snuggly over my ass and let the dress fall back down—it comes just higher then mid thigh.“Because I’m your princess, daddy,” I say in my cute slut voice.When we get back to the car, my Bluetooth connects—that’s normal. What wasnotnormal was thatI had just started listening to a new erotic audiobook, and it started coming through the car speaker!I bite my lip and quickly turn the car’s audio input back to the radio.“Is the book good?” Cal asks.“I just started it. It’s not even three chapters in, but I’m hopeful it’s a Landish book.”“I have no idea who that is,” Cal says with a smirk.We end up chatting about erotic literature and even about MarriageHeat. I tell him I even submitted a couple of stories while he was gone, like we discussed.Soon, we pull up to the house and park in the small lot next to the house.When we enter, the owners granddaughter is at the front waiting for us. We’d met her twice before. She helps out with the family business and makes herself available for last-minute book-ins such as myself and Cal. They also own the two adjacent properties and the family lives there.I’m sure that if I’m noticing how cute she is, so is Cal. She’s probably just over twenty years old, 22 at the oldest I would guess. She has long, blonde hair, green eyes, a small enough rack that she can justify not wearing a bra in front of customers, and a tongue ring that must be new, because she can’t really stop playing with it. Or maybe he doesn’t notice since he’s busy signing paperwork.“It’s good to see you two again,” our informal receptionist says as she hands Cal the key to our room. “By the way, the hot tub is open this time. We don’t have any other guests at the moment and I was planning on hopping in it, but I won’t if you two want it.”“That’s fine Lacie,” Cal says. His memory is second to none, because she’s not wearing a name tag, and I couldn’t remember her name. “You can take it, we just want the room.”“Actually we’ll use it,” I say, “and don’t be put out. We’d love for you to join us.”Lacie looks Cal up and down. “I wouldn’t want to intrude.”“Don’t be silly, we’d love the company,” I say.Once we’re in the room, Cal points out that I don’t have a bikini, I don’t even have a bra.“I guess I’ll just wear one of your shirts, babe,” I say and open his suitcase. I grab one of his shirts and change from the sundress into it.Cal changes into board shorts and just before we leave, I stop him.I push him against the door and squat in front of him. I untie his shorts and pull his cock out.“I thought you wanted to—”He shuts up when I lick his cock. “You ever miss having a tongue ring rolling around down here” I ask him, aware that the question probably reminds him of someone we rarely see anymore.“I haven’t thought about it in years, why? You don’t want one, do you?”“No,” I respond and lick again. Okay, he’s bulgy, but not hard. I take his cock and place it behind his shorts before tying it closed.We get to the back yard, which is a peaceful, almost oasis type of garden. There’s no sign of anyone else, not even Lacie. We walk into the tub and I sit, cuddling into Cal’s side.“I really missed you,” he says and tilts my chin up so he can bring his head down and kiss me. “What did you do without me?”“A lot more masturbating than I’d care to admit,” I say with a giggle, knowing it would get a little rise out of him. “The house is very clean. I did some more canning. Took care of the chickens. A bunch of gardening and hung out with the bees. Just the normal stuff.”We make small talk and make out for the next several minutes. We decide we’re most likely alone, and that Lacie isn’t going to join us, so I take off the shirt I’m wearing. (It’s probably no surprise but I love being naked.) I lean my head back to relax, Cal does the same.“Are you two still fine with company?” Lacie asks, her voice coming from a gate that joins one of the neighboring yards to this one. She’s wearing a bikini—not skimpy, but very cute.I make an ‘arm bra’ and grab my shirt as I say, “Please, hop in.”“Don’t feel like you need to cover up just because I’m here,” Lacie says as she hops into the jacuzzi. “It’s fine to go topless back here. Guests do it all the time. The only time my grandparents don’t allow it is when we have minors staying on the property.”I consider her words and toss the shirt back where I’d put it instead of dressing.“Want some jets?” Lacie asks.“Yeah, throw them on,” Cal says.The blonde knew what she was doing. She turns around and bends over the side of the tub. With her cute little ass on display for us, I can’t help but think about my ass on display while giving Cal road head earlier today.I bite my lip and look over to Cal, who to my surprise was looking at me instead of Lacie, he smirks knowing that I was enjoying our little entertainer. I cuddle back into him so I can reach into his lap and rub his crotch through his shorts as the jets come on without being obvious. Lacie turns back around and adjusts her bikini top.“So what brings you two down here?” She asks.“I flew in from a trip today and we didn’t want to drive all the way home, so we decided to see if you had any rooms open,” Cal says.“All the rooms are open,” Lacie replies. “Business has been slow. With school just starting it makes sense. Fortunately, we’re already booked out for Labor Day weekend though.”I notice her staring at my rack. I’m a pretty small girl, so it often surprises people to see that I have big breasts. I’m 107 lbs (I got on a scale to write this accurately, lol) and I wear a 32DD bra. (I’ve roleplayed Chrissy Teigen for Cal a few times.)The fact that I’m being noticed by someone is pretty hot. I reposition my hand in Cal’s shorts and run my fingers down his cock.“So why doesn’t a cute girl like you have any plans tonight?” I ask.“Honestly I’d planned to just come back here and enjoy some alone time,” Lacie says. “I’m glad to have company, and I’m glad it’s the two of you.”I feel toes rubbing the top of my foot as she says that and I know that’s not Cal touching me.“You’re too cute to be alone in a hot tub,” I say.“Awww,” She says and gets a little bolder with her foot but it doesn’t venture north of my ankle. She smiles at me and I roll my foot around hers.“Do you have a boyfriend?” Cal asks.She holds her hand up and, I don’t know how I missed it earlier, but she’s showing us her engagement ring as I’m playing footsies with her. I feel Cal’s cock twitch in my hand. I’m barely stroking, so as not to draw attention, but I’m sure she wouldn’t care, given how her feet are playing. Or maybe she’s just a flirt. I get that—both Cal and I are pretty big flirts, and we both get off on watching each other flirt with other people only to choose each other!But I do get the sense that Lacie wants to do more than flirt.Lacie brings the attention back to us, saying, “So did you not bring a bathing suit for the fun of it?” Her tone suggests that we wanted to get naughty in a semi public area.I smile, “No, I was planning on driving to the airport and then back home. This stop was last minute.”“Not that I’m complaining,” Cal jests and looks square at my exposed tits.I stroke him a bit tighter, but keep it slow.“Neither am I,” Lacie says. “I always wanted larger breasts, but these are what I have.” She cups her breasts. “Sometimes I think my older sister took all the ‘sexy’ genes my parents had to offer.”“Trust me,” Cal says, “you have nothing to worry about in that department, you are beautiful.” I know what he’s doing. He’s careful not to say, ‘you have a beautiful body’ while still letting her know that she’s beautiful.She bites her lip and gives me a look that is basically asking if she can move things along. And at this point, I don’t really know what to do. Years ago, Cal and I would have definitely brought her into our bed, or just right out here in the back yard, but that isn’t us anymore, thank God. But I don’t want to embarrass the girl either.Her foot moves up the inside of my leg until it reaches my knee. (And for the sake of being vulnerable, I was incredibly tempted to just see where this would go, because, well my flesh wanted her.)I swim (or something similar to swimming) across the hot tub and whisper in her ear, “What you want to happen is off the table.”“And what do I want?” she asks in a sultry tone.“We can have fun, but my husband and I are monogamous,” I tell her.She quietly groans. “And what kind of fun?” She asks as her hand reaches out to touch one of my tits.“No touching,” I say,  removing her hand.We have a game called ‘No Touching, 21 Questions’, which Cal and I play with a couple we’re really close with. It’s a game for engaged couples who are waiting for marriage, but want a little heat play—or at least that’s how it was presented to Cal and me. I suggest this to Lacie and add, “How about you ask us some naughty questions?” I move back to Cal, and quickly put his cock away, then go back to cuddling into him.Lacie comes over closer to me and Cal, though she seems far less confident than she had been before. She leans in even closer to us and asks, “Do you really think I’m beautiful?”That’s not a naughty question at all, I think.“Yes, I do,” Cal replies. His voice calm and collected.(I’m going to omit some things, as it might not be compatible with MH guidelines. I do want to be clear, we place a high value on monogamy, and even with the naughtiest questions asked during the game, Cal and I made that clear while still being ‘hot.’ Another thing we made abundantly clear was that we desired for her to be thinking of Kyle, her future husband, by giving answers that pointed her toward her him.)“This got hot,” she says. “One last question: how often do the two of you fuck?”Cal looks her in the eye and says, “We each came twice already today, if that helps.”“Okay… onemorequestion: want to help me get there?” she asks in a super hopeful tone, intentionally leaning forward with a provocative posture.By now, I’m not alone in being topless. Cal can feel the heat coming off of our friend and wisely draws her attention in the direction it should have gone by suggesting, “Why don’t you go call Kyle in the privacy of your own room and ask him some of the questions you just asked Cindy and myself? Let him help you get there.”She seems like she wants to protest, but scoots back and bites her lip. “That’s not a bad idea. Thanks for tonight, even though it didn’t end with… well you know. I think this was a hotter outcome, and definitely one that Kyle would appreciate.”Cal just does that thing with his brow that suggests he already knew all of that. “Have fun, Lacie,” he says.Then she turns around, stands up, and climbs out of the tub. Cal and I are both taken back by the fact that she was completely nude. She bends over to retrieve her top, giving us one delicious view before walking back into the adjoining yard.“Well she’s a spicy one,” Cal says.I rub his well-muscled chest. “I can’t blame her. I was even worse at her age. A man like you in a hot tub is probably not her typical clientele in here.”I see the bikini bottoms she left floating atop the bubbles in the hot tub. “Do you know when she took these off?” I ask.“I honestly had no idea,” Cal admits. “I’m not surprised though.”I straddle Cal, then stand up. My white cotton ‘princess’ panties hide nothing as they’re now see through.“Does daddy want his little princess?” I ask seductively. ‘Princess’ is not really a title he calls me, but we have fun with it given the panties.“Yes he does,” Cal says referring to himself in the third person. He pulls my panties down and I put one leg on the rim of the hot tub so I can straddle his face. He cups my ass in his hands and immediately starts sucking my clit.“I wanted you to do this in front of her,” I blurt out as I rub my hands over his hair.Cal’s tongue finds my taint and licks from it to my clit in one slow motion.“Why’s that?” Cal manages to ask before scooping his tongue inside of me.I grind over his handsome face. “So she could see that you are mine and this pussy is the only one you—oh fuck.”I had no idea I was so close. I arch back and have an incredible orgasm on Cal’s face. “Fuck! Cal, oh God!” I scream and moan and then try to vocalize more, but there’s too much sensation and I simply can’t.“Do you like when your little slut cums on your face, daddy?” I ask as I slowly rub my pussy over his mouth.“I do,” he says with a lick. “But why are you my slut when I cum on your faceandwhen you cum on mine?”I lower myself and lick his face. Then I grab his chin and say, “Because I’m your slut no matter what, that doesn’t change just because I’m on top.”He slides two fingers into my mouth and I roll my tongue around them before he opens my mouth and spits in it. I love when he does that. Fuck, it’s so hot that he knows I’m his submissive, willing, slutty hot wife.He pushes my head beneath the water and I immediately work to bring his hard cock back out of his shorts.I open my mouth and water floods into it as I take his cock deep, deeper, deepest. His balls are against my chin as his cock goes down my throat. When I need to breathe, I come up for air.“I want you to fuck my tits,” I say as water drips all over me. I press my breasts together in front of his face and spit on them. “Do you want to feel that thick cock trapped between these big tits?”When we talk dirty, which is almost constantly during sex, we’re not quiet about it. We enjoy the uninhibited nature of our naughty talk.We move out of the hot tub and onto the deck where I kneel before him as he leans back against the outside of the tub. I look up at him with naughty, expectant eyes. I push my tits out and he places that glorious dick against my chest, I look down and roll my tongue around his tip just before I start moving my tits up and down slowly.“You ever fuck the tits of a princess, daddy?” I tease.“Oh, you want to role play as a princess?” he asks as he matches my pace.“Well, I’d role play as Lacie, but my tits are too big and I don’t have my blonde wig,” I say with a wink before drooling onto my cleavage.His cock twitched at that.“Oh, you little slut of a princess. Does the King know you’re such a little cock addict?” he asks.“The King is the reason I’m only a slut for you. Now why don’t you fuck my tits hard,” I say.I lower my head and open my mouth so that every time he pumps up, some of his cock enters my mouth. I make sure to give plenty of saliva, as neither water nor saliva make great lube, but there’s a lot so it works well enough.After several minutes, I lower myself and spit on his shaft before taking his balls into my mouth and he rubs his dick across my face. I can tell his balls aren’t that full, which is probably why he hasn’t cum yet. He usually cums quick when I’m giving him my tits. I’m pretty sure it’s a mental thing.I want his cum all over me. “Will you cum on your princess?” I ask as I slather his cock with saliva via my tongue.“I’m not very close,” he admits. “But this feels fucking excellent. And looks amazing too. Fuck, I love watching you!” He pauses as I roll my head around his cock and bring it fully into my mouth. He groans, “Yeah I love watching you do that.”I fondle his balls and throat him. My tongue reaches for those balls as I keep him as deep as is possible. He places his hand on the back of my head and starts pumping hard.“Fucking slut,” he says as he pounds his cock deep into me. I’m no longer sucking his dick, he’s fucking my face—there’s a difference.“You look like you’ve done this a few times before,” he says and spits on my face as he continues to enjoy himself. “I didn’t think a princess would be so easy to deepthroat. Fuck, you’re great!”He gives me a break, and I use his cock to wipe the spit from my cheeks and slurp it into my mouth.“The King demands that I give you what you want. He also demands that I get what I want,” I say with drool and spit all over my face, “and I want to feel your load all over my tits.”He starts fucking my tits again and I look up at him and start begging. “Give your princess that nut, daddy. Fucking cum on a daughter of the King. Yeah, daddy that’s it. Fuck yes, cum for your slutty princess, daddy.”“Keep begging, slut,” he orders.“Yes, sir. Please, daddy, cum on me. Don’t make me wait. Edging is for men with dominant women. For men with queens. I’m not here to make you edge, I’m here to be your submissive, slutty, hot wife, princess. Cum daddy!”And he does. It’s not his biggest load, but he aims for my breasts as I push them together for him. I lift my tits and lower my head, making sure he gets my breasts and my cum-hungry tongue.“Fuck,” he says through a breath of relief as he grips his dick over me.“Thank you daddy,” I say as I lick cum off of myself. “Your princess appreciates this offering.”He grabs my head and uses his thumb and to push the remaining cum from his cock and onto my tongue. I savor it!“You’re so hot,” he informs me.I stand up, swallow any cum still in my mouth, and kiss him.We end up staying in the hot tub for a while, just hanging out and enjoying each other’s company, before finally heading to a shower where we actually behaved ourselves.I cleaned him and he cleaned me, and then we dried and fell exhausted into bed.The next morning, I started my period, and as naughty as we are, that’s a no-no week. And to my surprise, he did refuse a blowjob. I think he was just ready to get home, or maybe he was spent. We ate a breakfast prepared by one of the family members—I’m pretty sure he’s Lacie’s uncle. Cal would know for sure, lol.Then we headed home and did some gardening and beekeeping.Muah! Hope you enjoyed the story. Have a naughty day!