My wife and I just renovated our bathroom and installed a new toilet seat with a built-in bidet. We’ve wanted one for a long time so we’re glad to finally have one available to keep us both clean and fresh—especially when we love oral sex so much!The bidet has a knob on the side and when turned clockwise it sprays a jet of cleaning water into the backdoor. When turned counter clockwise it cleans the front door. I’ve tried both ways and the water-pressure can be adjusted too. Here’s where this gets fun.I was using the bidet and commented to my wife that it feels really good when I turn the “front-door” jets on my balls. It’s super stimulating! She’s enjoyed using this as well but it’s much more effective on her since she can settle her pussy right over the water-jet. Clean and fresh and ready for me to eat her out later!So, one evening I was getting ready for bed, and imagining an evening snack of my wife’s pussy. I was already hard with anticipation. I heard my wife in the bathroom with the bidet jet going but the awesome thing was that she was in the bathroom for a long time. I could hear the jets still going and became curious. I peeked through the crack of the door which was slightly open. Oh my! My little vixen was gently making thrusting movements on the toilet and her face was red. Now I was really hard! I hoped that she didn’t see me so I just kept watching her quietly. She wasn’t paying attention to anything except the water jets spraying pleasure on her pussy and her beautiful clit. I watched her for a few moments and then she made a really deep moan and then bent over in an intense orgasm. This was beautiful and such a surprise!After she finished cumming I watched her get up and rub almond oil all over her pussy and her ass so that she gleamed. I quickly pulled back with a hard-on and quietly jumped into bed waiting for her. She came into bed with her face looking flush and a horny look in her eyes. She whispered to me that the bidet was one of the best features of our new bathroom. What an amazing and unexpected bonus!