It was 7 years ago today that my husband told me he liked me. In a romantic way. I remember him talking nonchalantly about relationships. Then he said “Well, you know I’ve been interested in you for a while.” Then he immediately breezed past the subject as if it was like saying the sky is blue.I looked back on pictures of the past seven years. It was clear how much my life had changed for the better. Seven years ago you found me traumatized, mentally ill, and thin as a twig. My appetite was nonexistent at the time. And you said to me “I’ve been interested in you for a while.”You found me at my worst and somehow you wanted me. You. Of course I was interested in you. I mean you were tan, tall, muscular, and an amazing conversationalist. You noticed I was having a bad day once, and took me out to buy a smoothie. You even held the door for me. I wasn’t going to bring it up, because I had assumed you were out of my league.There I was, at the worst point in my life. I had been put through the ringer of a highly abusive relationship and multiple traumas. Now I was resting my head on a perfectly well and healthy man. A man who looked at me and said “I want her.”“Man, I knew I was thin back then but could you really see my bones like that?”“Oh yeah, you look so much healthier now.”Looking through the pictures I saw the progression. The progression of life coming back into me slowly over the course of our relationship. Slowly, I started looking healthier, happier, and less like I was barely living. His love had come along and saved me. I don’t know what he saw in me when he first found me, but I’m so happy he did.Kissing him passionately, I reflected on how he’s always loved me through my worst and my best. Yes. This was my husband. He was the one made for me, and he’s so much better than I even dreamed he’d be. My wildest dreams couldn’t have compared to who I would actually marry. I am so blessed.I am proud of my body now, and enjoy showing it off to him. No longer do I hide it under layers and baggy clothes to conceal how it looks. I feel and look healthy and strong now and I have more energy than ever to love him.His hand drifts up my skirt, I am on top of him now in the bed. I hold his face and kiss him with even greater passion. This is pure ecstasy. Seven years ago today you said you wanted me. And seven years ago today I said I wanted you, too. Now we are here and more in love than ever.He’s getting harder underneath me and I can feel his sex pressing into me. Soft moans escape both of our lips. I can’t hold back anymore. I slide him inside of me. The feeling is heavenly. I can feel every inch of it softly stretching me and filling me. Oh how I love this feeling.He starts thrusting slowly at first. I can feel every centimeter of his movement now. It’s driving me crazy with desire. His hands gently stroke my back and spine traveling up and down and causing me to arch my back.“You really like that” he said noticing how I arched my back in response to his touch“Yes! Please don’t stop!” I plead. The gentle touches send tingles down my spine and I feel like I’m in a trance. We continue slowly fucking.In and out, in and out, in and out.I can’t decide whether I really want him to go faster or not. My body is aching for more, but I’m enjoying every sensation. I start grinding my hips, moving them in circles. Moving them in and out in time with him.“Oh my gosh. That feels so good kayla. Fuck. That feels too good.”Suddenly he pulls out. I let out a whimper“No I was getting close”“I’m sorry if I keep going I’ll cum too. I don’t want to end this right now.”My pussy is dripping wet. I can feel it ache for him while I continue touching him and kissing him. I can’t wait for him to put it back inside.When he puts it back in he thrusts faster and harder.“AHH, YES, BRYCE IM GONNA-“He pulls out again“Mmmn whyy?” I beg. My vagina aches and leaks. I can tell he’s rock hard, too.“Do you want this to end?” he asks“No.” I concede. I didn’t want this to stop. It felt too good. Too addicting. I never wanted to stop fucking him.So we continued fucking.In and out, in and out, in and out.Over and over we stopped before the finish. We stopped and started until we felt like we were going insane. Our moans got louder and more desperate for each other, but we didn’t want to stop. Not until we couldn’t stop ourselves. My wetness spread over his body and leaked down his side onto the bed. My vagina pulsed with need around his solid hard cock. We were entranced with the joy of endlessly fuckingIn and out, in and out, in and out.Until finally he called it. He turned me around and got on top of me. I knew he was serious this time. His eyes locked onto mine.“I love you so much” he said.Then we unleashing every pent up tension we had spent the last 45 minutes creating. He took my legs above his shoulders. Then he fucked me fast and hard. He must have been wanting this for the good majority of the time.The release was beyond incredible. I felt him ram into the exact pleasure spot that had been aching for attention inside of me. Over and over again pleasure was sent up my spine with seemingly a direct line of communication to my brain. He fucked me with a starving hungry passion that filled my every want. My vagina clasped around him in orgasm harder than it had in a long time. It contracted intensely beneath him as I moaned from the depths of my soul.Pulling out, he ejaculated ropes of cum directly on my body. I felt the warmth of it hitting my stomach while I was paralyzed from the pleasure.“Happy anniversary.” he said panting.“Happy anniversary.” I agreed with a big exhale.