(L) – This story contains strong language.Sexy Dream Cum True – Day 4We had woken up, and we were talking in bed at home about the last three days of travel. We had enjoyed a LOT of sex with each other during a short three-day trip.Melody was sore this morning, so she offered to “fix my problem.” That means she’d orally and manually titillate my nipples as I masturbated, either by hand or with a vibrating stroker we call “Julia.”I expected an explosive cum eruption, because before using Julia, Melody let me orally love on both of her busty boobies for a long time. Good heavens, her breasts are both beautiful and sexy beyond words! She really let me suck, lick, and tongue-flick her tits for a very long time!“My turn now!” she eventually insisted. She rolled me over and began to orally stimulate my nips as she caressed my sac and balls. I took a well-lubed Julia and began pumping my cock as Julia buzzed me. That’s when my explosive orgasm hit. It took three microfiber cloths to clean up all the semen off of Melody, Julia, and myself!Then I moved to the other side of the bed and I spooned my Melody lovingly from behind, with my hand on her left breast over her soft sweater-like PJ top. Then she lifted the top and placed my hand back on her warm, sexy boob. I began gently massaging the breast and she cooed and squirmed in pleasure.“Do you wanna be fucked?” I asked her.“No,” she said unconvincingly.Next my hand switched boobs, but soon she rolled onto her back for me to have oral access to each tasty titty. After a while I also began to stroke her pussy on top of her thin and soft PJ pants.“Not that,” she said, but offered only token resistance.She was squirming. I slid my hand under her PJ waistband and began rubbing her jewel. Then I slid my index finger shallowly into her pussy.“You are so wet!” I exclaimed as I stroked her soaking wet clit and pussy. “Do you want us to fuck each other?”“No,” she said even less convincingly, but it soon changed it to a “Yes.”She stood, stripped, and crawled across the bed, then flopped down on her back. She opened her legs, spread her vulva and said, “I want you inside me! I want Tommy to fuck me!”So I did, with her knees pushed up to next to her magnificent boobs. Then I paused for some clit tonguing, then went back to missionary position for a time. Then she crawled to the edge of the bed.I realized what she was offering me. “You wanna fuck doggy-style again?” I asked.“Yes!” she said, kneeling up and looking over her shoulder at me and my revived erection. Then she went down on all fours and tantalizingly wiggled her sexy bum. She was once again remembering my dream I’d told her about, I was certain.I walked around the bed to get behind her, and we began to fuck. Like yesterday afternoon, she was rocking back onto my dick and fucking me back. I was not as totally hard because I’d had an orgasm already this morning. But even considering that, quite honestly I was still pretty big.It felt awesome as Melody wiggled and thrust back and side to side. She kneeled with her head up, then head down, and that changed the angle of penetration. She even reached back between my legs to fondle my balls while I was banging her from behind!I paused the doggy-style sex.“I feel loved and wanted!” I said.“I do too,” Melody said.Then we resumed fucking each other with even more love and passion!Eventually I realized that I wasn’t gonna cum in that position, so we went to me laying on my side of the bed again. “I guess I’m gonna need to fuck Julia to cum a second time,” I said. Then I talked for Julia (my vibrating stroker) and I said, “Oh goodie, Melody! I get to fuck Tommy twice in one morning!”“You’re not as good as me,” Melody said to “Julia.” And then she—Melody—latched her lips onto my nipple, and as I “fucked” Julia, they gradually sent me again to Nirvana. Actually, this whole four days has been Nirvana. (By the way, “Julia” is not only the stroker, but also Melody’s alter ego.)As my climax neared its peak, the bullet vibe embedded in the stroker slid out, then vibrated on the bed and slid down up against my bum. It TICKLED, and my second orgasm of the morning was still good, but less intense than it would have been. But we both cracked up laughing!So, sex seven times in four days really has been amazing for us. Considering that I’m a week and a half into recovery from surgery, and Melody has been getting over being sick from a respiratory infection… AND considering our age, we think we did great. But we also consider this all a gift from God.**********Now I’m going to mention something I have not done before in this series of true stories: We actually went to visit family because a member of our extended family had been ill for years, and he passed on into Paradise. So we traveled 200 miles to the funeral and the wake. Because of our faith, we knew he was out of pain and in the arms of Jesus. And that tempered our family’s grief. And in spite of the grief, it was wonderful visiting with family! We spent a great deal of time visiting and felt like our presence had been important and impactful for good.Perhaps this marathon series of lovemaking sessions that Melody and I shared together was part of our healing. We are so grateful to our Heavenly Father for His gift of married love and passion!