Thank you, MH, for being out there! I am so happy I have found you, and I hope you can help me with my issues. In short, I have been regularly and frequently masturbating for about 20 years now, but I have always done it in secret because my church says it is a sin. Now married for nine years, I would like to finally fully accept masturbation and introduce it to my marriage. If you’d like to hear more and perhaps offer me advice, then please read on.I discovered masturbation when I was 14. Although I’d heard about it, I did not initially realise that what I was doing to experience amazing pleasure was masturbating. I understood it only a couple of months later, which led me to immense guilt and shame. I never told anyone about my secret habit—my church was very strict. I did not even confess it to the priest, which made me feel more guilty. I was trying to be a good Christian, but that habit made me feel like a failure.Of course, I tried to fight it, but the urge was strong, especially at night. My body literally craved the pleasure, and once it tasted how great masturbation felt, it wanted more. In bed, I always struggled to fall asleep. Often I got shivers and sometimes fever, which went away only when I gave in and masturbated. So I masturbated every day or at least every other day. It gave me immense pleasure but also guilt.When I turned 20, my hormones cooled down a bit; I was able to masturbate no more than 1-2 times per week. Once, I even was able to abstain for three months. I felt proud, but of course, I eventually gave in. I still remember thoughts going through my mind that day when I masturbated after the 3-month long break: “It feels so good,” “I love it so much,” and “Oh, no—I am a failure again.” Slowly, however, I was able to accept my predicament and came to think of masturbation as a lesser evil: I was a virgin, I did not have sex before marriage, and I was masturbating less than before. It gave me a measure of inner peace, except when somebody mentioned masturbation out loud, for example, our priest during a sermon.When I was 23, I married my lovely wife. She is gorgeous and a true gift from the Lord. I discovered what sex is and was amazed. Now I thought I would not masturbate again. But I was wrong. Soon it turned out that married couples don’t have sex every day. My needs and urges kicked in, and soon I masturbated regularly, even though we have frequent, satisfying sex.Now to my problem. How do I reconcile my masturbation—which I love to do, by the way—with the doctrines of my church? How do I open up to my wife and tell her the truth? Will she not lose respect for me as a Christian? She is a devout Christian herself. How do I tell her that for the past 20 years, I was secretly doing what our church condemns? I want to open up to her and be honest with her because I love her and do not want to have secrets from her. I also hope that introducing masturbation to our sex life could spark it up and bring some fresh air, maybe allowing some games, etc.What do I do? Could you please help me? I have already found tremendous consolation by reading the articles on MH, but maybe you could give me some advice more specifically tailored to my situation? Thank you.