“Let’s sink to deep places together,let’s explore, see what’s in our darker thoughts.Let’s make some new secretsto keep from the world.”I do get, and appreciate, the intent of the original quote [attributed in some sources to poet Nagitha Joshna.] But it seems to use the concepts of deep, dark, and secret to value hidden naughtiness or forbiddenness. I think open Christian sexual freedom is just the opposite. It may all be a game of nuance and semantics, but you know I think words are important.How about …“Let’s rise to new heights together,let’s soar, discover what’s in our unbound thoughts.Let’s take some new freedomsto enjoy just us two!”“Let’s sink to deep places together” vs “Let’s rise to new heights together”The lightness and airiness of rising to new heights just lifts my sexual spirit and brain libido so much more than sinking to deep places. When Queen and I enjoy sexual pleasures, it’s like the murmuration of a flock of birds, and not rodents burrowing underground. Just thinking of passion with her lifts my sexual spirit and my cock! And “together” with her goes without saying.“let’s explore” vs “let’s soar”I get “explore”, but “soar” better fits the metaphor of rising to new heights, and so this more aptly completes the thought. It also better describes the joy and airiness in my spirit when Queen and I are joined together in strong sexual passion.“see what’s in our darker thoughts” vs “discover what’s in our unbound thoughts”“Unbound thoughts” seem to me to better express the almost limitless possibilities in Christian monogamous married passion and, I believe, encourages us to look up and out and explore what may be new desires, passions, and fantasies between us. Unbound thoughts about what may thrill her amazing pussy is a happy place for me.“Let’s make some new secrets” vs “Let’s take some new freedoms”Given almost limitless possibilities, having been given creativity by our Creator, and with so many great examples here on MarriageHeat and elsewhere, taking new freedoms together is such an energizing and engaging joy. Secrets and freedoms probably end up meaning the same things, but making new secrets feels furtive and taking new freedoms feels emancipating. Probably just me.“to keep from the world” vs “to enjoy just us two!”Yeah, you’re probably not going to blurt out to the world that you’ve found a new oral technique that’s fire, discovered that doggie style and/or anal play works for you, or share the joys of naked kayaking or naked hiking with your small group. Rather than focus on keeping these things from the world, it seems more energizing to me to focus on growing our mutual pleasure and enjoyment.“Let’s rise to new heights together,let’s soar, discover what’s in our unbound thoughts.Let’s take some new freedomsto enjoy just us two!”AfterwordThis may seem much ado about nothing, but in the spirit of transparency, let’s just say Queen and I are, ahem, silver-haired lovers. Before, and early in, our marriage, my cock stood straight up – High Noon!, and her pussy ran rivers of amazing kitty-juice.Now, not so much for either of us. Our chemical (i.e. hormone) game is weaker and we had to choose. Give up and become typical platonic roommate grandparents or create, strengthen, and use a mind game to still go at each other like animals!We chose to go mental (sorry, I just like the way that sounds for unfettered lovers!), and while we’re still constantly tweaking the ideas, it seems to be working because all I have to do is look at her and I’m wild for her. And I think she likes it, too.“As a person thinks in their heart, so they are.”adapted from Proverbs 23:7Stay passionate, my friends.