Having warmed her up with passion-filled kisses in our bedroom, I escort my wife to the stairway just outside our door, both of us naked.  We get to the top, and I lay her down on her back at the top of the stairs, covering her eyes with a blindfold.At first, I lay next to her, kissing her and massaging her well-formed breast.  Then, my fingers make their way down to her slit.  She repositions her legs just a bit to improve my access so I can massage her pussy with two fingertips while sucking on her left nipple. The wetness builds under my hand.My wife’s hips perfectly positioned over the top step provide me optimal access as I slide down to taste her. As my tongue dances in circles around her opening, I feel her body falling into deep relaxation.  I suck lightly on her clit while my right hand continues to massage her opening.  As a sign of her pleasure, her back starts to arch and gives me even greater access.Wanting to take my time, I move up between her legs and hover over her.  We kiss, and the taste of our lips together is pure passion.  My wife raises a knee, allowing her skin to touch me gently as her leg grazes my cum filled balls and firm cock.As she lifts her leg, I slide up further.  I look at her beautiful face.   Her eyes remain covered, relying on the feel of me as I reposition myself.  I want her to taste me for just a bit. I climb up further and straddle her face.  Then I take hold of my erect member and I  trail it over her lips.  She knows what it is and opens her beautiful mouth wide, but I pull it back a bit to watch her mouth searching.  Eventually, I bring it back, and she places her open mouth on my shaft, kissing it with such softness.Now she takes the head in her mouth, and I get to watch her suck on me like her favorite lollipop.  I allow it to continue briefly, but then I move as I have plans.  I slide back down between her legs to taste her once again—she’s incredibly wet, and my tongue slides in easily.  I begin making out with her cleanly-shaven pussy, and she’s loving it.After a few minutes, I slide up between her legs and push her knees open a bit.  I take hold of my cock, which is at full firmness, and place it inside of her opening. Entering her only head-deep, I begin to rotate my hips counterclockwise, probing her, seeing that I am making her wetter.  My wife spreads her legs further, inviting me deeper.   I offer her slow, deep penetration and then pull back just as slowly; I do it once more, then pull back to just head-deep, again rotating my hips. Her wetness covers the head of my cock perfectly.Next, I pull out and move again to her side, putting my hand back on her love place.   I use my right thumb to massage her clit and another finger to probe her opening.  Her breathing quickens, and I flip the angle of my hand and start to probe her just below her clit with the base of my thumb, creating inner-wall pressure. As my thumb goes deeper, her back arches. I hold her glorious pussy in my right hand with my thumb massaging her gently while my left hand massages her breast.My wife’s eyes are covered, but the rest of her facial expressions tell me she is close.   Her mouth opens, and heavy breathing turns to a gasp.   At the first gasp, I start to feel the pulsation in my right hand.   I add just a bit of pressure with my thumb just inside of her and at the perfect angle to press further against her clit.   I can now feel her pussy pulsating in perfect rhythm.  She is cumming hard, and her body is completely mine.   Between gasps, I just hold my hand where it is; her body shakes, and the beautiful orgasm just continues as she lies there. It’s a perfect view for me; I watch and feel her beauty.I hold my hand and fingers in place for several minutes.  The contractions I feel against my hand continue but slow down.  Finally, as her breathing starts to normalize, she tells me how incredible that was. I ask for permission to enter her, and she immediately grants it with a tone of “Yes, please. Now.”Needless to say, she was ready for me, but I took my time entering her deeply.   Each of us was able to grab stairwell spindles for leverage, me to pull myself deep into her, and she to push back against my member.  The excitement of her previous orgasm in my hands had me hot and excited. As my thoughts harkened back to what had just happened, my thrusts went deeper and harder, and she took me into her, full depth.  I exploded deep inside her, and as my cock spasmed, I could feel her inner walls pulsing once again as we climaxed—this time together.Orgasms are a true gift from God. Feeling and seeing my beloved cum as a result of my love for her and my touch is heaven on earth.