It’s my turn to put our daughter to sleep this evening. I gave her a bottle and sang to her a bit before lying her down in her crib. She’s begun walking more and more since she turned one, and that struggle for her to keep her footing seems to tire her out. It’s up to me to chase her around and pick her up when she face-plants. You’re not quite so quick since you’re pregnant again, in your 8th month with our second daughter. In about six weeks, I’ll be the only man in an apartment with three women. How did I get so lucky?I weigh looking down at the reflection in my wedding ring. This wasn’t quite the plan, having two babies in rapid succession. Life is just funny that way. It took a while for us to have our daughter, but I guess once it happened, the baby floodgate opened for you and I’m along for the ride. We weren’t totally certain we wanted to have a second baby. There’s the fear and obligation to be good parents to our already little one. But we weren’t exactly exercising caution either and fully living our vow to ‘be prepared to accept children lovingly from God and to bring them up according to the law of Christ and his Church.’One night, months after our first daughter was born, you were up kind of late breastfeeding, and then you went in the kitchen to get something to eat. You had taken your nightgown off and were walking around topless, nothing on but panties. Showing off your Mom Bod. You always had boobs, those giant DDs that had swelled up even more from lactating. Your belly was hanging out, still a little puffy and loosely scarred up with stretch marks hair in a ponytail.That look just drove me wild. It brought back the memory of when you were pregnant and how wonderful a time we had together. But so there you were, sticking your head in the refrigerator, and I walked in and stuck my hand in your butt, as I usually do. You laughed. You stood up, eating a piece of cheese and looked at me. I looked at you, at your body and smiled. I reached out and grabbed your stomach, gently, and kind of rubbed it a little bit, as though you were still pregnant. This seemed to light something in you, and you leaned over to me and whispered, “Take what’s yours” your eyes burned for me.So…yeah. Here you are. Pregnant again.This second pregnancy has been a bit more matter-of-fact for us. The first time, everything was so new and exciting. It’s still exciting, but perhaps a bit less nerve-wracking because we have a little more of an idea what to expect. I’ve been able to anticipate some pregnancy-related things a little better. I’ve found myself being a very proactive father, too. I love taking our daughter out for walks and to museums and whatnot, which has made your life easier, since you are able to rest and save your energy.This pregnancy has worn you out a bit more than your first. Between going back to work, and already having a baby, rest has sometimes been hard to come by. Further, your body never had a chance to fully snap back from the first pregnancy. Your stomach muscles are totally destroyed. Pussy definitely are not thank you PT. You got big very quickly this pregnancy and right now, your belly is enormous and hangs pendulously off your body. It’s such that although you’re not due for another six weeks or so, you look ready to give birth at any moment. Sometimes you feel that way too. I think you look sexy as hell.Although I’d never had designs on you as a breeder, somehow we’ve become used to you being in this state. You’ve now spent a majority of the last two years pregnant. It has, for you, become a much more natural feeling as opposed to something kind of alien, which was how you felt back at the beginning of your first pregnancy. This second time around seems to have unleashed something in you. The amount of sensitivity pulsing over your body has made you horny as hell most of the time and you’ve not been shy about expressing that.The slightest thing can set you off, like a scent or a sound. Something about the way I smell after I shave is a good example. Watching me with our daughter, being a very present and positive father absolutely drives you wild. Spontaneous blowjobs are a thing. You say you just want to taste me. And once it starts, you’re done and you end up throwing yourself at me and I am absolutely unable to turn you away. NEVER. You have made me feel like more of a man; as though I’ve fulfilled my greater purpose in life by holding you down and repeatedly filling your womb with babies. Our babies.You seem to be experiencing an overwhelming sense of femininity during this pregnancy. It has been kind of hard for you to explain. Going through this second pregnancy before you truly had a chance to recover from the first seems to have stirred up something inside you. You describe it as a “high” or a “rush.”You could only describe it as such: one evening, you were putting our daughter to bed, and you were holding her on your belly and singing to her. Feeling her moving outside of you and at the same time felt our other baby moving inside of you, and you started thinking about how you ended up like this. You thought about how you’re now known as “that pregnant chick” at work, and how you must appear when you take our daughter out, pushing a stroller around while pregnant again. Slipping into kind of a daze, you started laughing to yourself.So that brings us back to this evening, and I’ve put our daughter down to sleep and comeinto the living room and there you are, in the kitchen, eating rice cakes and peanut butter, wearing a nightgown that’s clearly straining to fit over your belly. You smile and wave to me, and start to say something, but stop because your mouth is full. You take a sip of water and then ask how she’s doing. I tell you she’s out like a light. I gesture to your belly and ask how she’s doing. You tell me she’s throwing a party.I come up to you in the kitchen and stick my hand in your butt like I always do. You laugh and say “No!” and swat my hand away. So of course I do it again. You laugh some more which makes your belly bounce and shake. I reach my arms around you—I can’t actually reach all the way around you now—and start to rub your belly. Holding my hand against you, I feel our second daughter bop and bounce around inside you. I begin kissing the back of your neck softly. As I start to get hard, my cock is poking you in the back. I push it inward to make sure you can feel it. You sigh, tossing your knife and napkin on the counter.“Here?” you ask.“Yes. Here,” I say, flatly.You reach around my head, grab my hair and pull.“Take what’s yours,” you purr in my ear.“I plan to.”I sink down to my knees and take your hands as you slowly maneuver your body down to the floor. You need my help. You have to put one hand on my shoulder, as I cradle your butt and lower you, slowly, until you’re sitting down, your legs spread wide and your belly hanging out in between them. I lie the rest of you down so your head is in my lap. I touch your face.“You’re so sexy,” I say. “Do you feel sexy?”“I do—I do,” you whisper. “I’ve never felt sexier.”I slide my right hand down your body, slowly caressing your throat, over your large breasts and up and over your even larger belly. I start to pull up your nightgown, giving that stretched-out fabric some relief as I pull it off you so it rests in the crevasse between your boobs and your belly.“Do you love being so huge with our baby?” I ask.You close your eyes, touch my hand on your belly and smile.“Mmm…I love it so much. I love the way I feel, I love the way you touch me…”You trail off, lost in yourself. I pull your nightgown up and over your head, leaving you completely naked in my lap. You reach up, grab my shirt and yank it off over my head. I slide my hand down underneath your belly and cup my hand around your vagina. You are so moist, I don’t even need to put my hand between your legs to find out. I slowly massage your groin area. You flex and tighten your legs together and shiver.“It feels so good when you do that,” you whisper. “Go further.”I’m now holding you across my legs, supporting your neck with my left arm while I slip my fingers in your vagina. You smile and moan softly. You’re absolutely dripping wet. I start sliding my fingers in and out of you slowly, gradually increasing my pace feeling you. Bending my head down, I start to kiss your belly, as that’s really the only part of you I can easily reach. I kiss it and lick it. Its huge and firm, and holding your belly kind of feels like palming a watermelon. I gently bite your belly button, which has popped out completely—much earlier along than during your first pregnancy—and you jolt and shout with delight.“Do that again, please,” you say. “Bite it more, bite me all over. Bite the inside of my breasts.”I’m only too happy to listen, and I gently run my teeth over you before I continue to lick your belly all over. It’s so large and firm that I can’t quite get my teeth on it—kind of like the first bite of an apple—so instead I hoist the upper part of your body upwards toward me and bite your nipple instead. You shout again, then cover your mouth. You’re a little loud. I suck a little bit of milk out of you—I’ve kind of gotten used to tasting it whenever I handle your breasts nowadays, sweet, if a little bland. You giggle and run your hand through my hair some more. Lactating is another one of those things you’re highly amused by.“Do I taste good?” You ask.“You do.”You cup your hand over your breast and squeeze it a little, just enough so some more squirts out. “Wanna try some more?” you ask, with a goofy grin on your face. I can’t resist this, so I dive right back in, licking and biting your breast some more. I stop and go back to licking your belly while I continue fingering you. You squeeze your soft, round thighs around my hand, but this doesn’t slow me down. I’ve worked my pace up to something fairly quick now. You close your eyes and, breathing so heavily that your belly heaves up and down, beg me not to stop. You arch your back, nearly mashing my face into your belly as you cum, nearly soaking my hand with your wetness.Reaching down as best you can with your belly in the way, you swat my hand aside.“Please…” you say. “Please stick it in me. Just give it to me. Use your pussy. Fuck your wife.”I slowly lower you back down onto the floor. You rub your belly with one hand and squeeze your breast with the other as I get on my knees and pull your legs apart. I slide my hands under your back to lift you slightly and I slide my cock into you. As soon as I do that, you’re hit with a sensation like I just stuck your fingers in an electrical socket. A surge of satisfaction fills us. You yelp with delight, and again slap your hand over your mouth—too loud.It has become an ongoing problem—one we didn’t totally figure out during your first pregnancy—quite how to find a sexual position that’s comfortable for both of us. The frenetic energy and impulsive nature that’s got us into this particular position—missionary on the floor—is nice, but I don’t want to put my full weight down on your belly. As much as I love feeling your belly pressed against my body during sex, it’s not comfortable for you. But we do the best we can, given physical limitations. I knead your tush as I slide in and out of you. But the repetitive motion at a bit of an awkward angle for me becomes difficult.“Wanna switch?” you ask tightening your ponytail. “Should I be on top?”“Yes, I think so.”“Am I too pregnant for you?”“No…I don’t think that’s possible.”“Mmm…sometimes I feel too pregnant.”“You’ll never be too pregnant for me, my dear,” I say, rubbing your belly as I slide out of you.You sigh gently. I take your hand and pull you up so you’re sitting upright. Your belly sticks out like a table in front of you.“Wanna try reverse cowgirl?” you ask. “We haven’t done that in a while.”“Sure—let’s go for it.”It’s difficult for you to get yourself in position—mostly because your belly is in the way and weighing you down. I help you as I can. Sitting more upright, my back resting on a cabinet, helps you hoist yourself over me. I hold your back as you swing your leg over mine, straddling me. You reach down and grab my cock, still fully upright, and ready to return to your pregnant wonderland. You stroke it a little bit before gently rubbing it against your tush and start jacking me off against your clit and then sliding it down into your vagina, and you plop yourself down on it. Your pussy slurps smoothly over my mushroom dick. You moan with pleasure and lean back so your back is now leaning on my chest. I reach my arms around you, fill them with your belly.“Is this better?” you ask. My hands instinctively firmly support your breasts and one hand slides to support you.“It is,” I say as you start to grind your hips on top of me. “Do you like me holding your belly like this?”“Oh, yes…yes…” you say. “I want to feel your hands all over my belly. Squeeze me…fill me up…”You trail off again as you’re hit with a wave of sexual energy. You continue to sway your hip bones back and forth on me as I slide myself up and down in resistance. I grab your hips and start to mash them down on me as I flex my cock upwards inside you. You close your eyes and moan, loudly and bite your lip.“Oh, fuck, you feel so good,” you say. “Give it to me, give it to me hard…I’m all yours…you filled me up so round with our babies and I want you to take me more and more..”The way you speak to me drives me wild and I grab your belly even tighter as I pull you downward into my crotch, drilling my cock deeper and deeper into you.“More, more?” I ask.“Yes, harder…please…Grab my belly tight…I’m going to cum and I want you to cum…please cum…it’s mine”I’m kneading my fingers on your belly as you mash yourself into me even more. I feel your vagina tighten and moisten as you cum again. This feeling makes me lose all control and I start to cum myself, shooting a hot, healthy load inside you. You moan, louder and louder as we climax in unison. You grip your hands on top of mine and we hold your big, round belly together as I slowly relax. Letting out one final moan, you lean back against me.“Shh…” I say. “You’ll wake the baby.”You look down at your belly. “You feel her,” you say, chuckling. “She never really went to sleep.”“No, silly! The one that’s outside you, not the one inside you.”“Oh. Right!”We both laugh intoxicated with our lovemaking still sitting on the floor, naked, with me still inside you. I kiss you on the back and gently stroke your belly, as our second baby stirs in your womb. Life has thrown us quite a few curveballs over the past couple of years. We’ve been able to have fun with it, though. These are the sort of moments we’ll always cherish, these two years when you were pregnant and then even more pregnant. It’s not lost on either of us how fortunate we are.Husbands SHOULD worship and dote on their pregnant wives. Your wife, your baby. What’s not to love? Especially since she takes a huge risk even in our modern era. The opportunity comes along only a few times in a marriage. She’s so sexy. Take care and stoke the fire.