(A) – This story contains anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.It was close to 9pm. All the beautiful sounds from my kids laughing, playing, yelling and even crying have all faded away due to them finally being safe in bed asleep. Now only the sound of the shower running took its place. I undressed, checked the water temperature, and stepped in.I work a labor job, and with this Florida heat and the long, hot days, it can be brutal on a man.Not long after getting in the shower, the hot water running down my body soon washed away all the stress and work load I previously carried throughout the day. I soaped up, conditioned my hair, then closed my eyes to put my head underneath the water and rinse the conditioner from my hair. While my eyes were closed, I heard the shower curtain rustle.I opened my eyes to find the most beautiful woman standing there naked in front of me. My stomach quickly turned to butterflies. I found a huge burst of passion for her, and got a second wind of energy. Who was this beautiful, naked, mysterious woman who suddenly appeared into my shower?Of course, this mystery woman was no mystery woman at all—she is my wife. I wasted no time and pulled her into my strong arms. We held each other, enjoying the hot water and one another. I took my hand gently and held it on the side of her face and neck as she leaned into my touch. I could never help but get lost in her beautiful, deep, hypnotic brown eyes. Soon the feeling of a warm summer’s sunset overtook me as I stared into her eyes and face—a face made so beautiful just for me. She has a beauty that feels so perfect that it can only be made by God.She got started on washing her body, which I got the pleasure of helping her with. I started off helping her wash her back, but for me it quickly turned into much more. I felt like time was in slow motion as her hands and mine worked together to lather the soap across her sexy, sun-kissed shoulders. She took her time to rinse off all the soap from her body, and I was loving every second of it.From behind, I pulled her tightly into my strong grasp. As I leaned into her neck and started kissing her softly, I could feel her breath deepening from pleasure, and inviting me in for more. With one arm holding her around her breasts, my other hand slowly made its way down her body, and I slowly ran my fingers between her inner thighs. At this point, my semi-erect member started becoming extremely hard and sensitive.I pushed her against the shower wall and stuck my hard dick between her legs, then started to thrust back and forth, gliding every inch of me on the outside of her lips. I grabbed onto her hips firmly with both hands and continued to grind. I knew her clit was begging for more with every thrust as the head of my dick teased it. She let out passionate but quiet moans between deep, aroused breaths. I started to thrust faster, holding firmly onto her breasts. As I felt myself getting close to hitting that edge, I stopped.We both turned to each other, and with our minds in tune, we knew we had to continue this in the bed. As we got out of the shower, I stood there in complete awe of my wife as she dried off her beautiful body. She has created, grown and given life with that body. At times she thinks she is overweight, not pretty, or whatever else she has cooked up in her brain. But to me, she couldn’t be any more perfect and beautiful. Those breasts of hers that supported life were thanging like they haven’t ever thanged before as she dried them off, and I couldn’t help but want them—bad.She beat me back to the bed, and by the time I got there, she was already asking, “Alright where do you want me?”I told her to lie down on the bed on her back with her neck resting over the edge. What happened next—she loves it, enjoys it and is extremely good at it. I walked around the bed and got in place above her. My dick was so hard and ready—I wanted her to suck me so bad. She ran her nose along my dick and balls to enjoy my manly scent before she started to tease me with gentle kisses and licks.She slowly teased me with her lips and tongue, and my dick was so throbbing hard that I could feel every pulse. She took her time exploring every inch, every ridge, and every vein with her tongue. I couldn’t take it any longer, and grabbed my dick with one hand and entered her mouth. The warmth of her mouth felt amazing as it welcomed me in.We started off slow, but her head movements increased as she got lost in the moment and started passionately sucking me up and down and all over. I stood there, hard, proud, and thick. Soon I found myself thrusting inside her mouth as she tried her hardest to take all of me. But I was just too much, and I stopped when I heard her gag. The view of her sucking me and struggling to take all of me was extremely hot.I took my eyes off of the action that was taking place on my dick to enjoy another view. My eyes landed between her spread-open legs, and saw that she was clearly turned on and wet from the pleasure she was getting from pleasuring me. I slowly reached my hands down her stomach, teasing her on the way. My hands soon landed on her beautifully engorged and wet pussy. I couldn’t stand it—I had to get closer!I grabbed her by her hips and brought her to me. First, my nose was met by the beautiful, intoxicating smell of her musk and pheromones. That itself was the biggest treat! My wife’s scent is truly one I crave and desire, even if it’s just a tease, and I don’t get to lick or touch her down there. Just to have her so close to my nose to enjoy is amazing. Such a hypnotizing smell!After I was met by her scent, I started gently kissing her inner thigh, and then my tongue met her clit and teased her lips and opening. The timing of this change of pace was perfect, because the way I was holding her was starting to strain her neck, and she was about to drain my balls because I was on the verge of ejaculating hard in her mouth!She quickly got up and moved into one of her newest favorite positions, which is her laying forwards, bent over the edge with feet still on the bed. She had her vibrator wand in one hand, pushing it against her clit, and the other hand gripped the bed.I grabbed myself with one hand, stroking my foreskin up and down for a moment. Then, before entering her, I teased her a bit, rubbing my dick all over the outside of her wet and ready pussy.I slowly entered her, spreading her pussy wider as she took every inch of my thick manhood. The sound of her deep breathing was turning me on even more. The feeling of her warm, wet tight walls gripping me was… Wow!I slowly start thrusting, getting deeper and deeper until I managed to get every inch of me in. Then she told me to go faster! Soon my thrusts were making slapping sounds, and I felt like I was on the brink of cumming. We continued for a while in this position, going off and on so I could regain some stamina to go longer each time for her. But I never wanted to stop!Soon I could tell she was really turned on even more. Her breathing was increasing and becoming deeper, and she was getting wetter and wetter as she enjoyed every single thrust. (She would enjoy it even more if I could quit stopping to regain stamina, especially when she was close to climaxing. This causes her to have to build back up.)But I am a man of a challenge, especially when it comes to giving my wife the most pleasure possible! So I decided to give her a good surprise. As I was fucking her from behind, my thumb started to explore her asshole. I gave her light teases at first, but soon I could tell she was ready for more—thirsting for more. So I built up to firm pushes against her asshole. As my dick slid in and out of her, I got my thumb all wet from her sweet juices and slowly pushed it into her tight ass. She let out a moan of intense pleasure.It didn’t take long fingering her ass while thrusting before her breathing started to intensify,and she stared to grab the bed comforter as she crested into the beginning of an intense orgasm. Seeing my wife begin to cum, I couldn’t hold back any longer, and I found myself cumming at the same time as her.With my thumb still being clamped on by her spasming, orgasming asshole, I grabbed her hip with my one free hand. I started thrusting, giving it everything I had, completely draining my balls. I released every last drop inside her, my dick throbbing as I felt her cumming and contracting hard on my dick.Both of us lost touch with reality for what seemed like minutes as we united in such deep pleasure together. I continued light but deep thrusts until her moaning and breathing started to fade. Then I began to pull out slowly, torturing her with little jolts of pleasure as she shook and quivered with post-orgasm sensitivity.We both looked at each other in deep lust and love for one another.As she fell back on her pillow, she joked, “I’m passing out!” She added a fake snore, then gave me a sexy smile.That’s when you know the sex was mind blowing.