Todd walks into the house after a hard 12-hour workday.  I can see it in his eyes how exhausted he is.  I hug and kiss him as my hand presses against his big soft cock.  He moans, knowing it’s been 13 hours since I had his cock in my mouth.  I fall to my knees and undo his pants and pull his soft cock out.  He is big and beautiful, more than a handful when soft. When he is hard, he will be more than two handfuls.  To think we married two months ago, and we’ve come so far sexually.  We were both terrified of sex and learning as we went. Now I have an addiction to his big cock and his cum.  I can’t get enough.Slowly I stroke him, and he starts getting hard as I look up and smile.  I squeeze his cock and watch a drop of pre-cum seep out.  Leaning down, I lick it off his cock and hum my enjoyment. I love the taste; it makes my body tingle and my hot pussy start to soak my panties.  I squeeze harder, hoping for more.  I am rewarded and I moan as I lick more, and savor his taste.  Still looking up at him, I lick up and down his ever hardening cock. He is throbbing hard in no time.  Stroking his cock, I lick his balls and back up his long length. Circling my tongue around his head, I slowly slide his cock in my mouth.I moan as I feel my mouth stretching, a feeling I love and need.  Slowly I slide him in and out of my mouth till I feel him pressing against my throat. I swallow again and again as I pull him into my throat.  Todd moans and wraps his fingers in my hair and slowly starts fucking my mouth and throat.  He wants and needs me just as bad as I need him.  Todd holds my head firm and is now fucking my mouth and throat hard and fast.  My face crushing into him with each thrust, his full tight and full slapping my chin.  Unable to swallow and my saliva running out of my mouth each time he pulls out.  I moan loudly around his big cock as my body shakes and my juices run out of my pulsing pussy.Our eyes meet and he smiles knowing I’m cumming.  He holds my head down tight and I swallow as fast as I can. His cock pulses and shoots stream after stream down my throat.  Hot cum sliding down my throat and warming my belly is a pleasure to be loved and hard to explain.  I pull off, giggle, and wipe my mouth. I smile as he looks down satisfied and still hard.  As much as I love, love sucking his cock, I love what comes next almost as much.He offers a hand to help me stand and yanks my hair. Kissing me deeply, his free hand pushes between my thighs, cupping and squeezing my pussy through my panties.  He moans as I shake and gasp.  Spinning me around, he pushes me back down so I am bent over the couch. He runs his fingers up and down my wet panties and slit.I moan and wiggle as he yanks my panties to the side, shoving his hard cock into my tight pussy. Crying out in pleasure as he fills me to my core with his massive cock.  Holding my tiny waist he starts fucking me long and hard, driving my breath from me with each thrust.“Yes, yes, fuck me, harder baby, yes.”He moans and fucks me with all he has.  His big beautiful cock stretching me and filling me.  My juices were flowing and squirting out with each powerfull thrust.  I was in total ecstacy.  I love how the pain his massive cock caused me in the beginning was something now loved. My hunger for him cannot be satisfied.