Prepping for a 14-hour drive to spend a week at my mother’s had wiped me out. My husband, Sam, and I left home around midnight, and since Sam would drive first, I nodded off in no time. I woke as the sun rose to the sound of honking horns. Sam uttered a quiet expletive in frustration at having caught rush hour traffic in one of the cities along our route. In an attempt to calm him, I flipped up the center console and leaned my cheek against his shoulder.Sam wrapped his arm around me in acceptance of my comfort, and it would probably have been enough to keep him quiet company as we sat in gridlock. But I knew there was much more I could do.As Sam held me, I slid my hand up his bare thigh and over his manhood. When I began casually rubbing his crotch, Sam’s cock began to harden, and he moaned encouragingly. Before long, I untied the drawstring of his shorts and pulled the front of them away and down. Sam lifted his hips slightly to allow the shorts to slide far enough that his beautiful hard cock stood straight up. Now I could run my fingers up and down its shaft and around the head. Sam groaned deeply.I didn’t grab his cock, instead lowering my mouth and taking his cock into my mouth. With a little moan, I set vibrations in motion that I knew would tantalize him.Sam’s hand played gently with my hair, brushing it to one side as I lavished attention on his lap. With some pressure of my toes against the bottom of the car door, I was able to take his cock to the back of my mouth, then into my throat. It tightened around the tip as I swallowed hard, bringing another guttural sound from him.Twining his fingers into my hair, Sam lovingly guided my head up and down. I relaxed and let him direct me, wanting his release. There was no thought of my own orgasm; for one thing, I had just woken and didn’t feel particularly desirous of one. For another, I knew he would take care of me at his earliest opportunity. Just as my greatest joy is his pleasure, so mine is his.There was one thing I knew that would help bring him off: I tugged up the hem of my loose teeshirt and directed his hand from my head to the breast I’d uncovered. He cupped and stroked it, then pinched my long nipple until it was stiff beneath his fingertips.“You are such an amazing wife.”Sam’s complement gave me a gentle flush of pride in my ability to understand and meet his needs—and renewed faith that he understands and fulfills mine. One of my love languages is gifts of service, and I cherished his appreciation of my efforts to love him this way.It was less than a minute more before Sam warned me that he was ready to cum. His hips bucked upward an inch or so as he delivered my bounty into the depths of my mouth. I swallowed, not surprised that the load was somewhat large this time; it had been nearly a week since he’d cum—which probably intensified both his frustration at the traffic and his intense reaction to my attention.As I sat up and smiled at the success of my mission, Sam tucked a tress behind my ear and uttered a heartfelt “Thank you.” No promises of tit-for-tat were forthcoming or needed. I love him, and he loves me. We will always try, albeit imperfectly, to meet each other’s needs and desires in every aspect of life. That’s what marriage means to us.