Hello, everyone! It has been some time since I have shared a story from my marriage bed. On this night, my husband had been away for two days. I had put our daughter to sleep and finished all my tasks. So, I lit candles in the bedroom and sat down with a sigh on the bed. It always feels lonely without the weight and warmth of my dear Sir next to me, so thoughts of him led to me holding his pillow to my chest. It still smelled of the sandalwood and charcoal scent which emanates from him.My husband, I now call “Sir.” When younger, I always felt a slight shiver whenever I thought about how my husband may take charge of me. Sir has been that and much more.In this moment of loneliness, my previous experiences of automatic pleasure culminated in what I believe was my first conscious effort of pleasuring myself with my own touch. I imagined his fingers dipping lower past the hem of the nightie on my thigh. My fingers followed my thoughts, tracing the bud that sat above the entrance to my womanhood. I teased the bud, rubbing it slightly. I let my fingers go further, pinching and thumbing my labia’s folds. One finger managed to slip past my defenses, perhaps lost in my thoughts, and entered me carefully.I could feel an immediate mixture of pleasure, coursing gradually up my abdomen, to my breasts which began to swell upwards as the hand which was holding my pillow pushed it to the side and took its position on my breasts. I imagined the way he would pull on the tips, perked and standing at attention to his service. Moaning in contentment, I could almost feel his warm mouth encircle and feed upon my body. Oh, what misery is this? Why is he not here to make my dreams a reality?I continued labouring down near my womanhood, turning one finger into two, then three, as I now gasped and proclaimed at each entrance, “Sir, yes, please take me!” I was whispering, I believe, but it felt so naughty. I let those beautiful thoughts overwhelm me. My skin formed small bumps all over, my lips were licked, bit, and separated at each moan, and my bosom was sensitive.I felt incomplete without him. I needed Sir, more than ever. A married friend told me how alone she felt, and sometimes her thoughts drifted to self-pleasuring. I never considered it, as I was content. But she assured me that it was because she could not stand the sexual separation from her husband. Similarly, I longed to be claimed by my dominator.In other conversations, we spoke about terms we used in the bedroom. She told me about some terms she used that I have read here in MarriageHeat as well. I was shy to even think of it. But that evening was unique for me in many ways!Among whimpering moans, fingers rubbing and penetrating my womanhood, I begged, “Please, Sir, give me your cock!”I felt no shame in the moment of doing so, however I would in due time. My eyes were closed the entire time, though they fluttered open at moments of particular pleasure and orgasm as they rolled back into my head.“Claim your wife, use me with your cock!”“Take my pussy, this is yours, take my pussy!”When listening to those desires, I could almost feel the size and texture of his manhood… no, his cock… as it would make me shudder from its sheer power and heat. My fingers increased their speed.“Come in me, Sir, give me your gift… give it to this pussy, mmmm…”My rather emphatic session of self-pleasure was interrupted by the slight creak of the floor. My eyes struggled to stay open and my mind slowly regained its awareness of my surroundings. I was shocked beyond belief to see my husband, watching me from the door. His eyes examined my body. I immediately got up from my position and stood up. Moving slightly away from the bed, my arms covered my body. I started to shiver.“Sir, I am so sorry! I, I….”It was embarrassing, and I thought he may feel betrayed or brushed aside in some way, choosing to pleasure myself instead of waiting for him.He remained silent, taking slow but heavy steps towards me. His hand grazed my face, then he sat down on the bed, stretched out his legs, and beckoned me to come join him. His hand was reaching out to me, and no words were exchanged. I took this as Sir’s request, and I carefully took his hand, and sat on his lap. My eyes could not meet his, though, and I was staring down at his chest.“Sophia, look at me.” I disobeyed his request, so his tone became more stern. “Sophia,look at me.” His voice was a deep, smooth tone.“I am sorry, sweet, I really never do this.”“You are assuming that I am angry at you.”“Yes?” I was now questioning if I was too concerned.“I am not, though I am surprised. I turned the key, opened the door, came here, and through any noises I made you managed to stay…concentrated, hmm?” He put particular emphasis on that word, knowing I was absorbed in my thoughts of him.“I never intentionally did it. I really thought you would be here much later, and I would sleep tonight without you. It has been difficult.”“I cannot change that; occupational hazard of sorts. But here I see my wife enjoying herself without me?”I blushed.“But I am not angered. If anything, I’m flattered that you think of me this way.”I was grateful, knowing Sir understood what I was experiencing. His hands wrapped around my hips and lower back, bringing my face so close to his.It was agonising until his lips finally met mine in a glorious kiss, a delicate dance meant to bring us to another realm for some private time. His lips finally left mine, and I was in a trance – willing for whatever he wished of me that night.I bit my lip in eager anticipation as his hands began to shift from my hips to my bum, massaging it as my hands rested on his upper body.One hand neatly wrapped itself around my hair, tugging on it lightly, whilst another was ready to administer some much-needed discipline for being naughty.SLAP“Ugh… mmm…” I moaned in ecstatic relief. One cannot begin to describe how wonderful it feels to be like this. I almost feel as if I want to usurp his command a bit more and receive moredisciplinary actions.“As flattering as it was, I did find you doing it. Consider this reprimanding.”SLAP“Oh, yes Sir,” I groaned with pleasure, “I deserve it,” I whispered under satisfied breath.“You seem to enjoy this, but it is a punishment,” he said with a slight smirk.“I was wrong, Sir, please,” I somewhat mock-pleaded, only to be met with another,SLAP“You are a naughty little minx, a nymph.” SLAP“Yes, Sir,” I moaned.“What are you?” SLAP“A minx.”“Whose?” SLAP“Yours, Sir,” I said with a smile on my face. What a sight it must have been; I blush now thinking on it. My pussy was gushing, spreading its waters onto his trousers. He took notice.“You stained my trousers, darling. What a naughty girl, haha!” Sir exclaimed with laughter, before another delectable SLAP“Yes, Sir!”“Again.” SLAP“Yes, Sir.”“What are you?” SLAP“Your nymph… but…” I could barely speak in this state.“Good, darling, but I did not catch that last part?” He asked in a provoking tone. He knew what I wanted—no, what I needed—but wanted me to say it. The embarrassment is part of the submission, and I adore the way Sir takes charge of me.“I need… your…” my breaths were short and quick, nervous to say what I wished to.SLAP“Tell me, Sophia.”“I… I need your cock, Sir,” I whispered.“Such strong words. Dear oh dear, what was it? One of your lady friends? Something you read? Or perhaps it was your own wanton little mind? Does not matter, I am not letting you have what you want so easily.”“Pleasseeeee, my pussy,” SLAP“YOURS?”“Yourpussy, Sir, I beg you,” I was pleading, with hair pulled and hips held close to his waist. I needed something, anything. He could spank my bum for hours, and I would want more.“How?” he asked, knowing my answer already.“How you see fit, Sir!” I was excited, and yet embarrassed.“Good. Lie down, I have been thinking to try something.”He tenderly moved me so that I was lying down on my back. I could feel my pussy, drenched in its own lovely waters.“Remove your clothing. I want nothing on you at this time.”“Yes, Sir,” I said as I removed my nightie. I wore nothing below it, so I was laid bare for him to see now. I sat with my legs to my side, propped up by one arm. My eyes were down at the bedsheets, which I played with absentmindedly as I was far too shy to watch him take off his clothing. He gripped onto my legs, spreading them wide.“Sophia, that ‘something’ which I wish to try, it does not quite involve what you want yet. You will be patient.”“But, sweet, I want to give you…”“Did I hear a ‘but’ there?”“No, Sir,” I said, reminding myself to be more cognisant. I should submit and let him care for me.Sir leaned down towards me, held me up by his arms, and kissed me deeply. My lips were gladly waiting for his, and his tongue firmly planted itself in my mouth. I moaned into the kiss, eyes fluttering and hands gingerly touching his chest and shoulders.He lifted away from me, and descended down my body. He started with my chin, softly kissing it as his lips drew from mine a whispery moan. Next, my neck. I adored and dreamed about the way he would kiss my neck. His lips sucked heavily on the soft skin.He carefully began to knead my breasts. His kisses floated down to the crevice between them, kissing each of their curved sides and occasionally rubbing his thumb over my buds. Slow and powerful sucks on my skin left firm marks across my body. I am reminded of his love each time I see myself in a mirror.“I saw you play with these, all on your own, Sophia.”“Yes, Sir,” I panted.Sir’s fingers pinched, pulled on one of my buds. I moaned in painful ecstasy. He pulled on one, then the other, nearly raising me off of my back and towards him each time, like an object of play. The very thought of being moved, touched and made to do by his will has my pussy dripping with eagerness.He carefully shifted attention down to my belly, kissing around my navel. His lips circled my navel and then began nibble at my waist. I giggled at his playfulness. Now kneading my thighs, his kisses peppered my skin.“Smooth, strong, and soft.” It seemed he was mesmerised, and I was all the more delighted that he was!He parted my legs, and looked up into my eyes. His mouth neared my pussy (still quite shocked whilst typing this word) and I could feel his warm breath steadily brush the folds.I attempted to interrupt, unsure of what he was going to do. We actually had discussed kissing one another in our private regions, but we never arrived at a conclusion or attempted it. He continued to massage my inner thighs, planting light and wet kisses along my skin, nearing my pussy. I gasped when one kiss landed mere millimetres away from it, having me release my head back in ecstasy. Sir noticed, and said,“I have always wondered what this,” he reached into my pussy with one finger abruptly, eliciting a load moan from me, “tasted like.” His finger reached right to where my most sensitive place was. I yelped and felt immediate shame at how laid bare I was for him. I sat where he told me, I lay down as he told me. All of this added to a blissful mental space.In a subconscious move, I placed my hand on his, wishing to have his touch as he did naughty things down below. However, he snapped as he continued his digit’s exploration of my inner caverns.“No. You will not touch.”“I am so sorry, Sir,” I panted out as his fingers continued penetrating me.“Your are mine, know your place.There are rules, and there are consequences.”“But Sir, I only want….” I whined.“But?”I fell further into that mental space. I was not supposed to question Sir.  He was pleasuring me, and I needed to focus on that alone. But another part of me wondered what he would do if I was somewhat more rebellious.“Sir, I simply wanted to touch your…” before my hand could reach his, he lunged upwards and grabbed both of my hands, holding them above my head. His grand figure was above me, his breathe was warm and smelled of peppermint. My entire body arched upwards.“You do not listen.  You will be punished for this.” He calmly stated, before letting go of my hands and going off to the closet nearby. I whispered underneath my breath for Sir to return, but saw him eventually come out with one of his ties and what I believed was a handkerchief.He kneeled on the bed, and said,“Your hands, now.”I obeyed, extending my hands out for him. He used the tie to tie them together and ensured it was at a comfortable position. Sir thought it would be appropriate to ensure I was focusing on what I feel and not touching him instead. He then used the handkerchief to tie a comfortable blindfold of sorts around my eyes. I could just barely see through the dark blue cloth, but it was only shadows and figures, nothing more.“Lie down, Sophia.”“Sir, I…”“Be quiet and lie down. If I hear you again, you will earn no mercy.”I was quiet at Sir’s command. My pussy loved the way he disciplined. I deserved to be spanked and kept where I needed to be.His weight shifted lower, once again parting my thighs. I could feel him gazing into my pussy. He knew what he needed, and he knew what was his. What he did next was explosive. His lips kissed right atop my little bud, eliciting a most naughty and loud, “OOOH!” It felt glorious, with the warmth of his mouth kissing it. He continued to kiss the mound, eventually stopping for a moment.I usually keep myself clean shaven or with a bit of hair near my pussy. He never pressured me for it, but I asked what he preferred. I desired to present myself to Sir as he wished.He continued to kiss near the mound, eventually moving down towards my folds. He began taking each between fingers, massaging them before sucking them between his lips. I was unable to see, unable to touch… It was becoming a struggle. I could only feel his lips and mouth.“Mmmm, Sir, yes! Oh, Sir please!” I begged and moaned at his wonderful consumption of my pussy. He moaned into my folds as he licked and sucked on them. His hands floated upwards, caressing my tummy and breasts. Without thinking, I lowered my tied hands to meet his, and he took to discipline.“What did I just tell you? Such a brat!” he bellowed confidently.“Sir…” I moaned, still reeling from his careful care of my womanhood.He bent me up, such that my legs and pussy were more at an angle. He firmly slapped my bum, harder than ever before.SLAP“You will speak when spoken to, and nothing more.Know your place.”SLAP“Yes, Sir!”“If I hear anything else,I will leave you like this for as long as I wish.”SLAP“Ohh, yes Sir!”“Not a sound,or I take that awayas well.”SLAP“Yes, Sir.”SLAP“Yes, Sir.”SLAP“Yes, sir, oh YES!”SLAP“Thank you, Sir.”SLAP“Yes, Sir… ohhhhh!” I groaned in pure bliss as his tongue suddenly dived towards my pussy, licking between my folds firmly. Sir then began to lick the folds and then came back to licking such that his tongue went deep into me.“Cinnamon candy, how wonderful!” He exclaimed before continuing to consume my very being from my pussy.“Oh, yes Sir, yes Sir, yes Sir!” I shamelessly moaned the same phrase over and over, as if I was reprogrammed into a groggy mess.Occasionally, his tongue would enter deeply, nearly making me cry. Warm and wet, its movement could be felt. It was agonising, and I adored each second of it.“Please, Sir, ugghhhh,” I moaned and whimpered with tiredness, as if he was draining my nectar from me. Yet, I was so alive and wanted his cock to take me then and there.“Does my minx like this? Perhaps she does not quite deserve such good treatment, being a bad girl..”He played with me. I did not deserve it. I needed to listen to Sir, and if he thought I was good then I deserved it!“I deserve what you wish, Sir!”After what felt like hours, but was perhaps just a few minutes at maximum, I had been given more orgasms. I was nearly delirious.“Sir, give me your cock, please, I am a dying for it, please, Sir…” I muttered.“Hmm,” he grunted. He knew best for me, and so I must be more patient.He then let me back down and turned me onto my abdomen. With him keeping my hands in front of me, my bum had to be up into the air whilst the remainder of my body was slouched onto the bed.“I need a comfortable stance.  Move here,” he said as he carefully positioned me at the end of the bed, with him seemingly standing off of it. I was still blindfolded, so unable to see, yet I could feel his hands on me. My muttering, begging for his cock, was still ongoing.He leaned in, one hand firmly on my bum, rubbing the flesh whilst the other played with my feminine folds and occasionally touched where his tongue tasted… no, marked. His kisses marked my body and my pussy.“Now, Sophia, tell me what you want.”I softly whispered, “Your cock, Sir, I beg you…”SLAP“If I cannot hear you, you get nothing.”“Sir, I need…” still weakly.SLAP“It pains me to withdraw, but I promise you thatI can keep you like thisif I wish to.SPEAK LOUDER WHEN I ASK.” his voice rumbled in our bedroom.SLAP“Your cock, Sir!” I said more confidently.SLAP“Why?” he demanded from me.“Because I am a nymph!”SLAP“Whose?”“Yours, Sir, I am a nymph for your cock, use me for yourself!” I moaned loudly.“You have been quite a bad girl, today. Do you deserve it?”“Sir, please!”SLAP“I asked,do you deserve it? Answer my question.”“No, Sir, Nymph was a bad girl!”His hand firmly gripped my hair, slowly pulling my head up,“I will give you mercy, but do not become accustomed to that, my love.I can take it away. Know your place.”He continued his powerful touching of my pussy, eventually having me reach the cliff’s edge. I could feel an orgasm, but he suddenly stopped, only momentarily touching me to keep me dangling. I wanted to fall, so badly.“Please, Sir, may I?”“No.”He continued, even adding in occasional kisses on my bum and thighs.“Sir, may I come for you? Nymph can come for you!” I moaned in shameless eroticism.“You will do so when I say.”He continued to have me approach, only to stop me. I do believe a part of this was mental, as I submitted and blockaded orgasm until Sir allowed me.”Now.”I immediately gushed at his words, feeling the fresh pool drip from my pussy as my body shook, unable to properly express the physical looseness and shock of it. I was bound and kept at this position, nearly exploding due to how confined I was. My scream was prominent, and I was babbling and moaning afterwards.“Good girl,” he whispered before I heard him step out of his undergarment. I was still blinded, with a burning passion that could turn the blindfold to ashes! I wanted to see even a shred of his mighty cock taking my pussy.The heat and hardness of his cock were easy to feel. It was surging with radiant fire and as hard as stone. He lay it atop my bum, occasionally touching the orifice of my pussy and waiting for me to beg.“Sir, take my pussy for yourself…” I began to say before he quickly pressed into me, piercing me with his legendary manhood. Its heat and power stretched my inner being and elicited the loudest and most naughty moan from me.“Now, time for the main event, darling.But your punishment stays.”I whimpered at his addendum, but my mental space told me that I deserved it for disobeying Sir’s commands earlier.Slow, steady strokes began, lodging himself deeper within me each time. Soon, he began to spank me more, occasionally moving his slaps to my upper thighs, where the pleasurable pain was new and yet equally as delicious.He stopped his motions, and then his fingers grazed across my lower back.“Sophia, do you want this cock?” He asked in a mocking tone.“Yes, Sir! I am sorry I disobeyed, Nymph will do anything for you, Sir!” My name was not Sophia now, it was Nymph. My mentality had become cemented for the remainder of the night.“Then show me. Pleasure me, and if you dare slow down or stop, you will be punished.Know your place.”I began to move my hips back and forth along his cock, allowing the motions to have me feel the texture of his cock. My hands were tied beneath me, and my eyes blind, so my Sir had tactically allowed my mind to concentrate on my lower body alone.Strong, textured, long, and stretching. Every piece of it was being imprinted each time we made love. My wantonness began to show, beyond my control, as I sped up my incessant use of his cock.“So naughty, ugh,” he groaned, “so warm and taut, Sophia, you draw me in.”“Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, yes, yes, Sir….” I groaned each time I impaled myself onto his abundant length.”This is who you are, do you understand me?””Ugh, yes, ugh, ohh, yes…”SLAP”What areyou?””A TOY FOR YOUR COCK!” I shamelessly screamed.The quick and deep movements of my hip were addictive, as I felt that I could please him now. I was so happy. Sir deserved this Nymph.“Thank you, Sir!” I screamed in wondrous pleasure, knowing I was giving him that same pleasure.SLAP“This is your place, darling,” he said with proud laughter.He then began to take control. He gripped my hips, and began to thrust quickly into me, each stroke deep and powerful.His thrusts eventually slowed, and he reached around to untie my bindings. I was still blinded, but by now any desire for sight was lost. All of my being was focused on my pussy. It was a part of Nymph’s body, but it was Sir’s to own as and when he wishes.I should receive Sir’s cock and be pleasured by thoughts of him. I arched my back further.“Such a naughty girl, Sophia, such a tight minx, haha!” He exclaimed joyfully as he continued to pound me until my moans and words became incoherent babbling and noises. I had gone into the deepest desires, sharing in a mutual field of pleasure.After many moans from my weakened self, he quickly left my pussy. He turned me over, and pushed me up to the pillows. He carefully removed my makeshift blindfold, and my eyes fluttered open after a long period of darkness. His eyes gazed deeply into mine, and I too read his inner desires. His body was positioned for his steaming mast to enter deeply into me. He pulled my legs up, spreading them apart before placing them neatly on his muscular shoulders.“Sophia, I will give to you your reward,” his hand came to my throat, softly yet surely holding onto it, “even if you disobeyed today.””Thank you, Sir,” I whispered in utmost gratitude, “I know my place.”His lips were just above mine, and I could feel myself rise from the bed, nearly fighting gravity and his sheer power, to have them join in romantic orchestra of the hearts and minds.“I am going to fill you to the brim with my love, andyou will accept.”“Oh, Sir!” I exclaimed as his cock suddenly burst into my pussy, deeply lodging itself inside of me. He began his quick and powerful strokes, as his lips met mine, shushing me. Sir did not need his Nymph to talk.His lips sucked on mine, and I moaned at the erotic nature of his oral exploration. I could also taste the sweet heat of my own pussy, now a part of his lips and tongue. As he probed and implanted the taste in me, it felt as if he was telling me how much he has taken me. He kissed and left marks within me—there is not an inch of me unclaimed.The dance of our lips, eventually ended as he straightened his body upwards and pushed my legs apart more. The sheer will was apparent on his face, a stern and determined complexion, as he took what was rightfully his.“Look down, Sophia, see what ismine.” he growled.I whimpered at the sight. His cock, dark and mighty, was a great weapon. Of all of the women on this Earth, it was me who was blessed with it. It thrusted into my pussy, and each inch that disappeared felt as if I was being remade. My eyes rolled into my head, feeling its power.“Please come in me, Sir!” I squealed, unable to contain myself as his powerful pounds had given rise to yet another orgasm.“I DECIDE WHEN!” his patient and regal commands turned more and more primal.  “Maybe you do not deserve it,” he said, now holding my legs back near my head.“I need nothing but that, I am nothing but this, please Sir!”The innermost desire, revealed: I would take his seed each and every night, because that was my sexual nature. My purpose, as a woman in the marriage bed, was to receive the pleasure he gives unto me and to receive his love. To carry his children such that the world knows to whom this woman belonged.Sir leaned in, his forehead pressed to my neck, his cock so deep that I could feel it in my heart and soul.“Then take it,” he growled as his final thrusts culimated in several strong poundings into my pussy. On the very feeling of his seed flooding into me, I too flooded my pussy, screaming into his ear as his carnal growls were in mine. Thick and hot like lava it flowed, melting my very being.“Yes, Sir, ohhhhhh, yess………” I began to cry out loud.Carefully, he removed his manhood from me, touching my folds and slapping my mound with his masterful staff. It felt as if he was making a final remark: “I own you.”I fell to one side as he snuggled me from behind, his now softening cock resting near my bum. The fruit of his labour belonged in me, and though I disobeyed and was naughty, Sir took mercy and gave it to me.As I began to shiver a bit, with the heat of our bodies falling after our lovemaking, he pulled a thin blanket over me. Sir’s arm wrapped around my waist, pulling me in. I moved my bum against his cock, with him whispering into my ear,“Is my nymph acting up again?” His hand pulled my hair slightly, and I moaned under my tired and weakened breath, “Nymph deserves punishment, Sir.” It was not in a playful tone, I truly felt that I did. Such love I had for this.“That she does, the naughty minx.”My heart began to ache, from this tremendous experience. My tears flowed freely, and he immediately let go of my hair and wrapped me in his embrace and warmth. He was a commander and dominator, but so loving and caring.“You did wonderful, my dear.”“Thank you, Sir,” I said with teary eyes.“So beautiful, and intoxicating.” He sighed into my neck.“Thank you, Sir,” I said with a few sniffles.He kissed my neck and whispered,“I love you, Sophia, and you are all mine.””I love you, Sir!”Nothing mattered more to me than his sweet words for me, praise of my willing submission.This is where I belong. I know my place.Thank you for reading about this cathartic, emotional, deeply romantic experience with me.With love,SophTea