In many of my stories I’ve talked about our sexual experiences with each other in hardship. Hardship for us is pretty much health issues. So this is another one of those sex blog true stories – and to be honest it was freaking awesome! This happened this morning – it’s the day before Valentine’s Day. I hope you find it inspiring…It’s been a tough few weeks. My Melody had surgery three weeks ago. The gynecologist told us “No sexual intercourse and no orgasms for two weeks.”Then right when the two weeks were up my wife got an infection so intercourse was out for more time. This morning in bed I told her that I felt bad for myself because I couldn’t go inside her pussy. But I was feeling more sorry for her. She had been fixing my problem (giving me an orgasm) nearly every day. And yet she had been too sore to even touch her pussy.But to my surprise when I came out of the bathroom she was nude. As she stood in the middle of our bedroom, she stroked her voluptuous breasts and twerked. “You mean you want some of this?” she seductively asked me.I tore off my PJs but I also took some pics and videos of the show she was putting on. Then I walked over to her and we took turns orally titillating titties (hers and mine). As you can imagine my dick was feeling very happy at the surprise.Finally, my sexy wife said, “We better shower first.”But once in our shower/tub, she soaped up and started stroking and pinching her hard nips again. “I want you to fuck my pussy!” she said in her husky sex-crazed voice. “This pussy here!” she said as she stroked said aroused pussy with a soapy hand. She took a half step to the side and was half obscured by the shower curtain. The hungry look in her beautiful bedroom eye was making me crazier!!She showered quickly then threw open the curtain and cupped around one breast to once again offer it to me. I slurped and sucked and tongue-titillated both of her tits in turn.“Yes! Feels so good!” she kept saying.After I showered and we were on the bed she said, “I want you to come all over my boobs! These boobs here!”But first I stood by the bed, kneeled by her head, and she gave me my Valentine’s Day BJ early. I began to gently face fuck her. It was clear this was one of those times she reveled in everything sexual we were doing!I moved back to lie next to her on the bed. Just in case she could handle the vibe on her sore clitoris I lubed up her cunt with coconut oil. Then I handed her the iVibe vibrator. It’s less powerful than some of our vibes but today that was good.I began to again feast on her closest titty as she applied the vibrator gently to her clitty. She didn’t last ten seconds before her back arched off the bed and she cried out, “I’m coming!”That was one fast orgasm. Although she wanted her pussy fucked she was still terribly sore. And to be blunt, I was in the ER much of yesterday in terrible pain. So I was doubting I could even fulfill her request to kneel up by her to cum on her boobs.But my sexy wife had a solution for that. She rolled me into my back and moved towards me to suck my nipple as I pumped my cock. And then she slid down and engulfed my cock once again. This time the blow job was done as I laid on my back. She is an absolute artiste at giving oral to me. The variety of things she does are just the best! She rotated through several techniques that she has developed and perfected over our 30-year marriage. This includes deep-throating my whole big cock. How she gets my entire hard and large dick into her little mouth and down her throat I’ll never know!She also ran her lips and tongue up and down the length of my cock – both top and underside. She paused and we took turns pumping my rod as she returned to my nipple with her talented mouth. Then she came back to my glans with her mouth. Recently she has started to enjoy rubbing her lips all over the top of my tip. She did so and in seconds I came. My tip was partly in her mouth so some cum shot in there. And a lot more decorated her beautiful face. My orgasm had been beyond amazing!“Ya got me!” she said as she used a soft microfiber cloth to wipe off her face. Giving her a coincidental facial is always kinda fun and VERY sexy. We caressed and cuddled for a while before getting up to face the day.So, I didn’t fuck Melody’s pussy nor cum on her titties, but honestly, I’m not complaining! Neither was she. Today she was what we call “wired for sound.” To us, that means she’s absolutely desperate for sex. I guess more than three weeks without an orgasm was getting to her.I told her in her aroused state today, before, during, and after making love, that I couldn’t believe her actual age. She looked 40 years younger to me! Personally, I think seeing your spouse that way is a spiritual gift.Today I am so grateful to God for giving me this kind, beautiful, intelligent, and yes, VERY sexy wife! She says that the feeling is mutual.