Who doesn’t love a getaway with friends, drinks, and uninhibited hotel sex? My husband and I met up with a group of friends for a long weekend in Kentucky for a horserace. We were staying in a large AirBnB, and while the boys unloaded, most of the girls went and freshened up. After a quick shower, I put on a matching mesh bra and panty set. The bathroom had perfect lighting and a tall mirror, so I snapped a few extremely hot pictures of my ass.This was just the beginning of my master plan. Next, I texted my husband, “Hey,” just to make sure his phone wasn’t sitting out.He promptly responded, “What’s up, babe?”I sent the two pictures and put my phone down and finished getting ready to head to lunch with everyone. In the process, I removed the thong and put on a sundress. When I got downstairs, my husband couldn’t take his eyes off me. I walked by him, and he brushed his hand along my ass.Once we got to the restaurant, I intentionally sat to the left of him; he is a lean-to-the-left guy, lol. After a few rounds of drinks, I made my move. I slid my right hand under the table and up his black Nike athletic shorts until I had a handful of his dick.He took a deep breath as his cock began to get hard. If it was just him and me, I would have made him cum in my hand right there, but that was not the case. Instead, I spread my legs slightly and bumped his leg, inviting him to come and discover I no longer had on the thong that I showed him. I grabbed my drink and laid my other hand on the table to hide our shenanigans.When my husband’s hand reached my wet pussy, he let out a quiet, “Oh, my.” We both backed off for the time being, but the lust was palpable.When we arrive back at the place, I immediately went to the bedroom upstairs and removed my clothes. I lay at the end of the bed and began to rub my clit waiting/hoping my husband would soon follow.I couldn’t tell you how long it was, but I was close to my first orgasm when there was a gentle knock on the room door. I said, “One moment,” in fear that it wasn’t my husband.The door opened, and in he came with his cock begging to escape his shorts. He quickly stripped, and I told him to eat my pussy. Within a minute, I grabbed the back of his head and began to orgasm. He stood up, and I begged him to fuck me as hard but as quietly as possible.He stood at the end of the bed with my legs up on his shoulders, and his rock-hard penis entered me. We both knew this had to be quick. When I could tell he was getting close, I asked him where he wanted to cum. He said he wanted to cover my boobs, but I demanded he cum in my mouth.After a few more strokes, he pulled out, and I slid off the bed and took him in my mouth. His hot load filled it as I sucked the head of his cock while stroking his shaft. I swallowed his load and told him to get back to our friends before our absence became conspicuous.It was an amazing start to the weekend, but it was just the beginning!