Homelessness was a significant problem in Anne and Ron’s community, especially in parts of town hardest hit by a series of local layoffs. Their church agreed to open its doors to several families needing a place to live. Anne had signed them up to spend one night each week at the church to provide meals and security.Ron and some of the other deacons spent the first day converting some of the Sunday School rooms into living quarters, and Anne spent her time preparing meals. After supper was cleaned up, everyone headed to bed except for one young single mother who stayed up a little longer to talk to Anne. Ron locked up before heading off to the room set aside for them.He was in bed reading when Anne came in. Her clothes were sweaty and wrinkled. Her hair was in need of combing, and she was obviously worn from a long day. In spite of her disarray, all he could think of was how incredibly beautiful she was—and how fortunate he was to have been given such a wonderful gift so many years ago.He watched her as she closed the door and looked around in obvious confusion. Finally, she said, “Where do we change.” His only answer was a sweep of his arm, indicating the entire room. She blushed bright red, “I’d be naked in church?” Ron just chuckled.She mentally debated just going to bed with her clothes on, but the idea of sleeping in the sweaty clothing she’d worn all day was repulsive. Besides, other than the families they were reaching out to, there wasn’t anyone in the church to see her change into her sleepwear except Ron.Being naked in church wouldn’t be as bad if Ron were not in the room. Years of seeing her change clothes should have made her immune to being naked in front of him. But there was a big difference in being naked in the privacy of their home and being naked in the church. She would have liked to ask for him not to look while she changed, but he would think that was hilarious.She could feel the blush warming her cheeks again as she turned her back on him to slip off her shorts and top. Taking a breath, her bra and panties followed. As rapidly as possible, she quickly donned a pair of Ron’s boxer shorts and an old well-worn white T-shirt she’d brought to sleep in.Only then did she look back at Ron. She knew he would have that same foolish grin he always wore when he saw her naked. She loved this man God had given her, but as she crawled into bed, she sometimes wished he better understood the embarrassment a girl has when she is naked in the wrong place.The next morning, Ron was up early to make the families breakfast. Then he helped get the children off to school and the adults to the state employment agency. With everyone gone, Anne came out to go to the bathroom before going back to bed. Ron spent the next half hour cleaning up and making a pot of coffee before heading back to their room.When he opened the door, Anne had gone back to sleep. He just stood in the doorway. She was so beautiful. She was lying on her back. Her long brown hair, now streaked with silver, lay in disarray on the pillow, and her breast rose and fell with each gentle breath. The T-shirt she had chosen was worn thin, failing to hide her pink nipples. The boxer shorts she wore had become twisted in the night, opening the fly, and a tuft of brown curly pussy hair stuck out. The front of his shorts rapidly became uncomfortably tight.Ron crossed the room to sit on the edge of the bed. The movement of the bed and his kiss woke her. He immediately slid his hand under her shirt to enjoy the softness of her teats. She dropped her eyes to the front of his pants as the bulge in his shorts bumped her arm and then almost automatically slid her hand up the leg of his shorts to hold his rapidly forming erection.He knew what to do with an invitation like that. He further opened the fly of her boxers to expose her lady parts. As he began to stroke her feminine lips through the open fly, they became covered in female lubricant. It took only a few seconds for her clitoris to become a tiny erection of her own.She lay there enjoying the affection. Then she took a deep breath and, with a groan, began pulsating. With each contraction, she leaked female liquids. She was grateful she’d gone to the bathroom earlier, or they’d be washing sheets.She relaxed after the last contraction. Ron stood and pushed his shorts and underwear down, freeing his erection. Anne raised her hips, and he slid the boxers down off her feet. As Ron came down on her, she guided his erection to her vagina. Barely touching her nipples, he began thrusting. She tightened on him to the point where he could not hold back, and he came filling her until he was completely drained.They lay quietly as he lost his erection. She opened her eyes and saw the ceiling, reinforcing the fact that they weren’t at home. They had just had sex in the church. Instead of being embarrassed, she felt oddly at peace. She knew God wouldn’t mind a married couple enjoying his gift in His church building.