“Happy & Sexy Christmas” is Part 3 of the “In the Desert Mountains” series of stories. But since this one is a Christmas story, MH decided to post it today.  That seems appropriate.  So, parts 1 and 2 will be flashback stories that will be posted down the road.  This story today is still a good and sexy stand-alone story.  All three of these stories have some parts that are fantasy or fiction, but a great deal of the stories are true.We have a tradition that developed naturally in our marriage.  When I have given my wife, Melody, a necklace, or necklace with pendant, or pendant and earrings, or a ring … she will wear it constantly. Then the next time we make love she meets me on the bed wearing only that new jewelry.  It is a very sexy tradition!We have another tradition which is a Christmas tradition.  At least once over the Christmas season, we make love lit up by the Christmas tree lights.  We usually wear our Mr. & Mrs. Claus sexy lingerie.Another special holiday tradition for us is Melody gives me the gift of fellatio every holiday each month. So this is a monthly tradition. But on Christmas or Christmas Eve some years … it is always very special!More is cumming on how those three traditions met.Part 1 & part 2 of this series were about us making love in an isolated desert location where we had gone looking for semi-precious gemstones.  During the eight or nine months between that great experience and Christmas, I took three of our best gems to a jeweler to have them made into a necklace and matching earrings.The gift blew Melody away!  I gave the unique jewelry set to her on Christmas morning.  She loved it!“The chain is the same colors as your hair!” I teased, “silver and gold!  The gems in the earrings and the gem in the pendant are the best and biggest gemstones we found out in the desert that late spring day,” I explained.  “Now whenever you wear it, we can remember that awesome day together!”Then she coyly smiled and leaned in to ask in a whisper, “Am I still your precious gemstone?”“Always!” I managed to say with a lump in my throat.I was rewarded with another whisper.  “Oh thank you, Tommy!  This WILL remind me of that fun day out in the desert!”  Then I got another one of Melody’s great deep kisses.  I could tell we would be loving each other under the Christmas tree lights later on – in the evening.The problem was that our kids had excellent hearing.“Couldn’t you two save that kissing and mushy stuff for later?” our younger adult daughter said.“I wonder what was so ‘special’ about that day in the desert,” asked our eldest daughter with a grin.  “I mean, you were out by a desert mountain. It must have been very secluded and private.”Melody and I hugged, but we didn’t answer our grown children.  They know that their mother and I have a loving and passionate marriage—and that’s good for them to know.  By the way, Melody looked cute because she was blushing.Later all our kids and grandkids had gone to their respective homes.  It was Christmas Day evening, so Melody and I planned to meet in the living room to keep to our traditions.  We were freshly showered but not completely nude.  I got there first and laid out sheets on our couch AND loveseat. (“Loveseat” turned out to be an appropriate term.)  I turned on the Christmas tree lights and brought out several of our favorite sex toys.I was wearing my Santa hat and Santa boxers but I freed my growing-in-anticipation cock and pumped my rod to give my Melody a nice view as I sat on our loveseat facing the living room entrance. When I heard her footsteps, I put Fred away into his boxers tent.Melody came into the living room, and she took my breath away.  She had on a sexy little red teddy and a red Santa or Mrs. Claus hat.  The teddy barely held in her voluptuous boobies.  My tent pole got longer and harder.“I know that I’m supposed to just be wearing the new jewelry but sexy Christmas lingerie is a tradition too!”  Melody said as she twirled twice for me.Then, seeing me in Santa boxers with a hard cock tenting them, she added, “I see you are in a festive mood too!”She smiled and performed a sexy striptease. She bared her breasts and began to play with her nipples.  Then she reached down and stroked her pussy and purred, “I can hardly wait for you to do it.  You do it better!”But she paused the touching of parts to finish the strip tease.Soon her newly nude body was lit up by the multicolored Christmas tree lights.  That combination of colors gave her porcelain skin a heavenly and sexy glow.  She arched her back, which made her D-size breasts more prominent.  She struck several sexy poses.  I could see the facets of her clear new gemstone pendant reflecting various colors of Christmas lights.Then she walked over to me and put one foot up on the loveseat arm and spread her legs for me.  She also spread her pussy lips with a hand on each side.  She knew that showing her swollen inner pussy lips and her little erect clitoris would drive me wild.  It worked!“Time for you to put your tongue inside me,” she said. It was her code phrase for “Lick and tongue-fuck my horny pussy!”  (But she’d probably not ever say it that way. Still, that is what she meant.)This was an invitation I loved.  I slid to the edge of our loveseat and then onto the floor on my knees.  Then I began to lingually love on—and in—my wife’s exposed pussy.  I immediately tongue fucked her as she had requested, then repeatedly licked her slit from stern to stem.  Focusing on her hard and beautiful clit, I tongue-flicked her and sucked that delicious gem gently between my lips!“Mmmmm! Ooooooo! That feels so gooood!” she exclaimed as she used her pelvis to rub her pussy harder into my mouth and tongue. “Thank you for doing that, Tommy!  I’m as horny as I was that day in the desert!”Eventually, I could tell that the position with her leg up was getting to be too much for Melody.  I stood up and helped her sit on the loveseat where I had been. I went to join her on the other loveseat cushion but she stopped me.“Stand right there,” she commanded. “I want my Fred!” she demanded.I willingly complied by starting to pull my Santa boxers down, but she took over. She pulled my boxers down and took her time as she took hold of my cock and looked at the whole of my erection from every angle. Then she said, “It’s so beautiful in the colored lights.” (We were right by the tree.)She began pumping my cock, then slipped her lips over my swollen glans.  Her sexy strip tease and my licking and loving in and on her pussy had gotten me very hard.She swirled her tongue around my cock’s head and then focused on the underside.  I began to gently pump into her mouth, except when she’d back off and pop my dick out.  Then she’d run her tongue and lips all along the underside of my cock.  She especially focused on my frenulum under the glans or head of my penis.“You are amazing!” I said. “That feels wonderful!”Then my sexy wife switched to deep-throating me.  What an amazing experience!  She was so beautiful to me as her face and beautiful nude body were lit up by the colored lights. She pleasured my cock with the considerable oral skills she’d developed throughout our then 26-year marriage.My pleasure-filled eruptions of cum filled her mouth.She took some appropriate pride in her oral skills.  I could tell she had swallowed much of my semen but she’ll never admit to that.  “Thank you, Melody!  You are so GOOD at that!”“You are welcome,” she answered with a sexy and cute smile—one that included a few globs of my cum – her present – dripping from her bottom lip.I laid her down on her back, this time on the couch where there was more room.  I tongue-teased her pussy a little more, and then I handed her her vibrator.  As I held our glass dildo up in the lights, it looked multicolored.  I lubed it up, then gently began to fuck Melody’s pussy with it.  Soon my erection was returning to full staff.“Feels good!” she sighed as I moved the glass dildo in and out.  “But not as good as my Tommy!  Can I have the real thing now? Can I have Fred in my puuuussssy?”So with one knee on the couch cushion and my other leg’s foot on the floor, I gently slid my again turgid erection into my loving and horny wife’s wet and waiting pussy.As my Melody buzzed her clit with the vibrator, I gradually picked up the pace.  I knew she liked me to reach a frantic pace, so I worked up to it.  As I’ve said before, it’s all lovemaking, but it also became a hard and horny fuck session.  Melody was thrusting herself onto my cock as my cock was thrusting and seeking her deepest treasure.“I’m cumming!” Melody’s husky sex voice cried out.Her back arched and she flushed a little as her boobs seemed to swell even more!  My second orgasm was triggered by the sight of her climaxing and by her cunt caressing my cock with her orgasmic contractions.But we were not finished.Sliding my cum-coated cock out, I scooped some cum from her leaking pussy and rubbed it onto her tits.  I forgot to mention that she had a piña colada-flavored pussy because I used that flavor of AloeCadabra on the glass dildo.  I next slid our small G-spot vibe all the way up into her pussy.  She closed her legs to hold it in.Now I rubbed our cum mixture from her pussy onto and into her nipples before kneeling next to the couch.  I proceeded to lick off the cummy protein-enriched piña colada treat.Melody had never stopped using the bullet vibrator.  The internal buzz from the G-spot vibrator was helping too. She fairly often has back-to-back orgasms, and it happened this time too.“Oh!” she said as the first pleasant orgasmic electrical jolt hit her.  She actually jumped!  “I’m cumming!” she barely managed to gasp out.It was another beautiful sight for me!  “You, my sexy wife, are always my favorite Christmas present!” I told her honestly.“I love you too!” she said as she pulled me down for a nice kiss.  “Thank you for such a fun time!”I expressed similar sentiments.  But then she surprised me by saying, “Doggy style!”It would take a bit to get me ready again for round three, so believe it or not, we watched “It’s A Wonderful Life” up to the wedding night scene.  Melody was sitting with me back on the loveseat.  We both were nude (except for her new jewelry) and we were deeply in love.My fingers played with her pussy and titties and her hands played with my cock. We both stimulated our own nips and genitalia too … especially when we both kept sucking and licking each other’s nipples. Needless to say, I returned to full hardness, and her clit and vulva were swollen and aroused as well.We didn’t even pause the movie when we went into “doggy style” sex position.  She was on her knees on the loveseat with one hand on the loveseat’s arm.  Her other hand held her Sensuelle bullet vibe to her clitoris.I knelt on the loveseat behind her with one foot on the floor.  We both were going for orgasm # 3 and still off-the-charts horny for each other.There was no gentle sliding into her pussy this time.  My cock was like a missile locked on target!  I thrust hard into her like I’d done in the desert 8-9 months ago.  I immediately began a pounding fuck!  But again, all this was lovemaking that made us closer and made us love each other even more!During this last round of sex for the evening, Melody had two more orgasms and I had one more. So she had had a total of four, and I had reached the peak three times.  Neither of us was complaining.Afterward, we actually said a prayer of gratitude to thank our Father in Heaven for His blessings. This included the blessing of His Son, Melody and I having each other to love and to serve, and us having our family to love and serve.  (I should add that we also serve our fellow man by teaching Sunday School and volunteering our talents when we are healthy enough to do so.)Getting together with our adult children, their spouses, and our grandchildren makes Melody and I very happy and content over the holidays.  So does doing our sexy holiday traditions!  Of course, this had been a very happy and sexy Christmas for us!To all our married MH friends out there, may you be just as blessed in your passionate marriage.  To our unmarried MH friends, may you be filled with hope for yourself and thoughts and fantasies of your future spouse.  For our widowed MH friends, may you reflect on the memories of your spouse who has passed.May you all have a Merry Christmas!  Or/and may you have a happy and sexy Christmas!