(L) – This story contains strong language.We met each other after a long, tiring day. Our eyes revealed our desires to be more intimate. Maybe that was the aftermath of the hands we locked before.I move towards you, slowly unbuttoning my shirt, and we kiss passionately. I make you go wet with kisses, traveling from your lips to your neck, slowly down to your cleavage. You smell awesome.Slowly, I move my hand to caress your behind, and go down towards your wet spot. You are so damn wet and aroused, not knowing what to do with it.I put my fingers into your hole, then bring them back to your lips for you to suck on. I know you love the taste of your sex. In the anticipation, I can see your craving grow, and I love that sight.Slowly, I pull you out of your sexy dress, followed by your bra. Now you stand with only your thong on.What a sight to behold, my mind wanders, and my manhood shows its agreement.Your confidence reflects in your posture, and I wish to take you right now. I go down on my knees to eat what I own. Slowly, I pull the strings from your thong, and off they go, not to return for the next few hours.You watch with anticipation, and I lick your clitoris, sending a jolt of pleasure through your spine. I like it—the way I make you feel.I continue my exploration through your sex, and your moans make me go all hard. I feel blessed to be your man.You look down at me through your deep eyes, with a smoldering look that is clearly trying to say, “Make love to me!”I can’t help myself; I am mesmerized by your eyes.I stand up and pull off my shirt in one go, zip down the pants and stand in my boxers, revealing my boner.You can’t control your desire either. Hastily, you pull off my boxers and take hold of your possession with a firm grip. You look at me again with your deep eyes, and my erection springs up like never before.I can’t wait now. I grab you by your hips and you wrap your legs around me. I pin you to the wall and we kiss passionately, madly showing no shyness.You are so wet now, you lose control and moan out loud, “Come on, do it baby, do all the things you told me on that call! I am all yours. Fuck me! Give me what I deserve!”I insert myself slowly inside you, my manhood twitching as it claims the place it owns and loves. You cry out in pleasure and a bit of pain. I thrust hard the next time into you, and we both moan. I hear you cry out my name. It feels so good to be inside you, thrusting into your soul.I take you to the bed and move down my fingers into your hole.You order, “Enough of that stuff! I want all of you inside me!Now!”I kiss you hard as I insert myself into you. We both rhythmically thrust into each other, exploring our passion for one another through our bodies. I feel so connected to you.I like you moaning my name. You scratch my butt, telling me to fill you up. I love how I make you to ask for it.The thrusting becomes faster, and I give it all the strength I have. You cannot handle it; you are over the edge.Finally the revelation comes: you reach the peak of your orgasm with your back arching and your moans filling the room. Witnessing this makes me fill you up with my seed, moaning your name.We kiss with our eyes locked, wondering what had just happened. It was our desire for each other.“I love you,” I say.You reply with a naughty, “I hate you,” clearly meaning exactly the opposite.Our laughs replace the moans in the room. We are so messy and in love.We look at each other, and we know exactly what we are going to do. Only this time, it would be you on top!