This second part is written by both myself and my wife.My wife and I decided not to have sex that same way (we both were exhausted, but we both said and knew instinctively, tomorrow was going to be wild.)(Elizabeth writing): I woke up the next morning after my husband left early for work. Laying in bed just a minute, I knew I needed to get up and check on the kids. I thought about last night and just about how beautiful it was. Going to the bathroom, I looked in the mirror, and didn’t see an ugly Mom anymore. I now saw what my husband saw; his little, sexy MILF.Looking back on it, I wasn’t even that “ugly”. Standing there, I looked at my body, I still had my boobies, (oh, how I needed Timothy on them), and I definitely still had my ass. While I was a little heavier than on my wedding night, I was still sexy to my husband. That is what mattered to me.So I walked into my closet and noticed something special. My husband laid out the lingerie I wore on our wedding night! It was a beautiful white laced bra and panty set. He loved seeing me in these. He wrote a note which said,“To my sexy wife, There is no one on this planet that I would rather have sex with than you. You are the most beautiful woman on this planet, and I thank God daily for blessing me with you. I want you to know that you are the sexiest girl in the world, and tonight I’m going to show you. Put these on when you see this, and I will see you tonight. I love you.”When saw this note, I was so turned on. I put the lingerie on to find out that it still fit pretty well. So after this, I spent my day with our kids just focused on being Mommy.(Back to Timothy): I left work, and went to the store to grab a few things. I picked out some chocolates, red roses, and some rose wine for later tonight. Once home, seeing my wife and kids, reminded me how blessed I am to come home and see the most beautiful people in the world. We had a normal evening, with dinner, our Bible reading as a family, and watching a little TV. Eventually it was time for the kids to go to bed. After the kids were settled, I returned downstairs to my wife in the kitchen.“Do you want something to drink? I got us something special for tonight.”“Earlier I saw it, so I know you did.”“I was trying to surprise you”, I said as I walked up to her, kissed her, and grabbed one of her ass cheeks.“I know, I’m sorry, I was a bad girl.”Again, I kissed her, we talked for a few minutes and had our drinks. Once finished, my wife looked at me, and asked, “So what’s next?”I looked at her and asked, “Do you have your outfit on?”She turned around, put her ass in my face, pulled her pants down, and reveal her sexy white ass in her wedding night lingerie.“Good. Go upstairs and take your pants and shirt off. I’ll be up in a minute.”Walking into our bedroom, I saw her laying on our bed in her lingerie. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a more sexy sight. Sitting on my side of the bed, I looked at her, and said, “Come on, lean over me, now.”My wife listened and leaned over on me. “I’m going to spank you. You need to understand how sexy you are to me. I will not tolerate you denying this anymore.”Looking back at me, she said “Have your way with me.”She moaned as I spanked her the first time, sounding as if I was pounded her from behind. I spanked her again.“Your ass is amazing!”“Oh yeah” she moaned back. I spanked her 3 more times.(Elizabeth): When he finished spanking me, he told me to roll over, and we made out like we were teenagers again. He quickly pulled my bra off and dug his face into my boobs. His big hands grasping my breasts felt so good, and eventually his tongue found its way to my nipples, and he loved on them.A few minutes later, he placed his hands on my hips and worked his way down to my now wet panties. I felt his hot breath over my panties as he kissed my inner thighs. He pulled my panties back slowly and he was greeted with my newly shaven pussy.“You’re fucking beautiful” He said. He burrowed his tongue deep into my pussy. I had not felt my husband’s tongue down on me in so long, I missed this so much. The absolute pleasure of feeling his hot tongue slide up and down my mound, my clit throbbing, my hands gripping the bed sheets, was intense. My husband had to cover my mouth for a minute, I was moaning so loudly. He brought me to a powerful orgasm that I had not experienced in a long time.“I need you to fuck me.” I saidAfter pulling my husbands clothes off, he crawled on top of me, and guided his penis into me. He entered slowly, spreading my walls that had not experienced this in way too long.  Picking up his pace rather quickly, we made up for months of being away from this gift. My husband tensed and uncontrollably moaned louder and louder until he pulled out and released his cum onto my big boobs. I looked at him and licked his cum off of me.Cuddling in bed afterwards, we cried, having missed this so much. We were so happy and so in love. We both promised to be open with our sexual desires and sexual needs. This is one of our most beautiful sexual memories.Thank you for reading this, and we hope you enjoyed it.