A variation of Scrabble by Hasbro:Start off wearing6 items of clothing(3 above the waist, 3 below: socks/footwear counts as 1 item) each. Set up and play a game of Scrabble as normal, but with the following additional rules:After the first play, begin by sharing a kiss with your spouse for a time in seconds equal to the word score (skip the normal double word rule on this play only, but play other rules if they occur.)Each time yourscores reaches a multiple of 40 points,your spouse must take an item of clothing off (i.e. remove first item at 40 points, a second at 80 and so on). Multiple items can be taken off per play if you get enough points!  You may want to adjust this number based on how good you are at Scrabble (or how quickly you want to get naked!)  Each spouse could even have different numbers if one of you is much better at Scrabble than the other.If you play on adouble lettersquare: You may choose which item of clothing your spouse removes next. If you play on a second double letter tile before your spouse strips, you may choose how the item comes off (e.g. you could take the item off for your spouse, you could ask for a micro-striptease, etc.)If you play on atriple lettersquare: Your spouse must show you a body part of your choosing for a time in seconds equal to the word score. Clothing may be pushed/moved aside but need not be removed and can be replaced when the time expires. If your spouse is naked, they must pose in a manner of your choosing for the time instead.If you play on adouble wordsquare: You may caress your spouse on an exposed part of their body of your choosing for a time in seconds equal to the word score OR have them caress you on an exposed part of your body for the same time.If you play on atriple wordsquare: You may kiss your spouse on an exposed part of their body of your choosing for a time in seconds equal to the word score OR have them kiss you on an exposed part of your body for the same time.If you playall 7 letters: score the 50 point bonus as usual and have your spouse take off the appropriate number of items of clothing. You then get to watch your spouse masturbate for 50 seconds. (Orgasm to be saved for after the game!)If you succesfullychallengean illegal word: you may spank your spouse, over whatever they are wearing, once for each 3 points the wordwouldhave scored, including bonuses, if it were legal. Be careful though: if the challenged work turns out to be legal,theymay spankyouonce for each 3 points the word scores!Hopefully both spouses will feel like they have won the game, but one spouse will finish the game with more points than the other. That spouse is rewarded in proportion to the number of points they have.This could be something simple such as the ‘losing’ spouse having to remain undressed for a time in minutes equal to the winner’s score. Or you could create a more elaborate ‘menu’ where the winning (or losing) spouse can ‘buy’ (or ‘offer’) rewards from their score. For instance, having the loser clean a room naked might be worth 50 points, whereas 150 points might be enough to have them clean the whole house. Perhaps 75 points could earn the winner a coupon they can redeem in future for a striptease. Or you can keep it simple and say who ever won gets their choice of subsequent activity. Whatever works for you!Hopefully you enjoy this game and (literally!) beating the pants off of each other!  Please leave a comment (or even a story) to let us know how it goes, or to leave any feedback, suggestions or ‘menu’ ideas.