(L) – This story contains strong language.Sexy Dream Cum True – Day 5We were home. It had been a sizzling four-day trip. Today was the fifth day since we left on our sex-charged trip.We had slept in our own bed last night. After waking up, we spooned while still laying in bed this morning. I lay there so content and happy. I cupped my wife Melody’s full breasts over, then under her PJ top. I even dozed off for a while as we relaxed together. Then after waking again, I put my hand back under her top to gently fondle her glorious full breasts once again. She was rubbed the top of my hand very lovingly much of this time.Even though it had been four days with one or two sex sessions per day already this week, I asked my kind ‘n loving wife, “Do ya wanna have another romp?”“Why not!” she replied. And she rolled over and lifted her top to give me full boobie access.I feasted on her tasty titty treat. In fact, they actually DID taste sweet this morning. We also did some deep kissing, then went back to my lips on her nips. Then she stood and stripped, so I did too.Back on the bed we did more tongue-tangling kissing, and more of me orally loving on her tits.“Do you want me to fuck you?” I asked.“Please fuck me!” Melody pleaded.She opened her legs and I mounted her sexy body in the missionary position. As my cock slid between her swollen labia, it was obvious that her pussy really was wet and ready to be pounded. I did so, and she thrust forward and we got a good rhythm going. Then slid into our go-to perpendicular “X position.” As she laid on her back, we fucked each other with growing enthusiasm and vigor.I came hard and long (kinda like my erection). My orgasm was the best of the last seven! And that’s really saying something!“You’re such an awesome fucking wife!” I said as I slid out of her now leaking pussy. I never get tired of that incredibly sexy sight of my cum slowly flowing out of her pussy and between her lovely labia. Do other husbands enjoy that view of their wife’s cum-leaking pussy?Anyway, my Melody was post-fucked wired. She immediately offered me her tits, and after scooping a generous dose of cum from her pussy, I rubbed it on her tits. Then I feasted on each tasty titty, and before long, my nymph wife came for the sixth time in four days! She shared that she had a great orgasm this time as well! WOW!“The last five days have been an AMAZING FUCKING RIDE!” I said.“They have,” said Melody.“Of course YOU were my ride!” I joked.“I had a good time with my husband!” said Melody.We both were satisfied. We were both in love too!* * * * * * * *Then this evening Melody and I were watching our Alma Mater’s men’s basketball team clobber a conference opponent. Just before the game, I opened the just-delivered package that had one of Melody’s birthday presents. (I took the package into the bedroom to hide the contents from her.) I told her I had four presents for her. Counting the cupless lingerie I got her, it was actually five.Anyway, after I told her about how many presents I had gotten her for her birthday next week, she looked serious when she said, “I don’t NEED any presents. I just got seven presents!”I stared at her trying to figure out what she was talking about. Then she gave me her cute, wicked smile, and it dawned on me. On our honeymoon, the first time I came inside her pussy (when she gifted me her virginity) she referred to my cum in her pussy as her “present.” So her joke just now was referring to the number of times we made love and how many times I filled her pussy with my semen over the last five days of sexual ecstasy! I gotta love my marriage to this kind, intelligent, and passionate nymph!I know every week won’t be like this one, but we both very much enjoyed the untamed, erotic, and loving experience. And we made some great memories too!