(A) – This story contains anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.This story is Part Three of the three-part series “A Weekend Away.”Part One can be foundhere.Part Two can be foundhere.After a very hot dinner experience, we went back to our room at the hotel.And what a room it was! We had a private swimming pool, a steam shower, a jacuzzi tub, and even a massage chair. The king size bed had lights above and around it. It had a reflective glass with lights above it, instead of a mirror. I would’ve just loved mirrors all over the place, but maybe that’s not for everyone.My wife stepped into the bathroom to change, and soon she came out looking luscious in her new bodystocking. The black panties she just bought looked great with it.After the drive—after the dinner—she was ready to play.I set up a playlist of music, then the fun stared.I turned toward her. She stood out of reach—captivating.“Playboy just called,” I joked. “They said if you want to be on the cover, you have to be there in 10 minutes.” I shook my head in wonder. “I don’t deserve such beauty.”She smiled. “Do I deserve that?” she asked, pointing to the bulge in my pants.“It’s all yours, babe,” I said with a smirk.“How about a little photo shoot?” I offered.She answered by laying down on the bed. Her tits visibly swayed under the suit as she moved, sensually and gracefully. She propped one foot up on the bed, her knee out at an angle.I started taking pictures on my phone, but I could hardly concentrate to take them!Her right hand found its way under her panties. Under the panties, I could see her fingers sliding around. She found her opening and dipped her fingers deep inside of herself, while her other hand rested on her breast, over her nipple.I put my phone down and crawled up beside her, wanting to help at her other breast. I hadn’t given a thought to my clothes still being on. I licked her hard nipple through the bodystocking. I just lay there, played there, and basked in her beauty. I took a lick, then a look. A little pinch with my lips, then a gaze. A nibble, then I pulled the stretchy stocking down to reveal a naked breast. I latched on with my lips and and pulled it up as far as I could, then let go to watch her bounce back into place.She was feeling herself. Heat was rising from her body. I love to see her enjoy herself. She was into her—and me—all night. Very sexy.I turned all the lights on around the bed. That lit up the full-body reflection of us above. She lay there with a finger circling her clit as I sat on the edge of the bed and took my clothes off. My cock was straining at full attention!Seeing me standing beside the bed naked, she positioned herself up more away from me. I crawled up between her legs. I kissed inside a knee. Then inside a thigh. Hot breath and kisses. My face got closer as I gently sucked, kissed, and licked up her legs.Her hands ran over her breasts, belly, and pussy, sometimes rough, sometimes soft. She ran her fingers through my hair. At times, she pinched her nipple. A rough swipe over pussy lips left her panties moved to the side a bit.My lips touched along the edge, tasting panty and skin.She reached down and clasped the opposite side of her panties and pulled them more to the side, giving me access to her in full view.I immediately began French kissing her pussy. She was salty and warm as I parted her labia. The perfume of her bloom was intoxicating. Her clit was hard, aching to be licked. My tongue tasted her sex switch, the length of my tongue on the length of her clit.Her fingers wrapped in her panties and pulled them, stretching them further to the side.I could feel her hot, fleshy lips on both sides of my tongue. I lapped her up her sex with multiple long licks, curling the tip of my tongue to hook the underside of her clit. I paid to every spot, tasting under the hood, playing the pressure and texture of my tongue against her exposed clitoris. Her head wrenched from side to side on the bed. I kissed, flicked, and sucked her clit into my mouth. I used everything from delicate pants of breath to slight nibbles of teeth.I lifted her legs so her knees and feet were in the air, my hands acting as stirrups. This angle was delicious! It opening her up for more play. I licked the length of her slit from clit to cunny, and I strained my full tongue into her twat.She was squirming, whimpering in torturous pleasure.I continued to play, edging her several frustrating times. My tongue enjoyed her slip-n-slide.Then it was time to concentrate. She’d ripped her panties off by now, but still held them clenched in her hand. I went up to her clit and just started mauling with my lipsandtongue, using lots of suction. I slipped my index finger into her vagina, and she moaned with an aching desire.She squirmed to give more access. My middle finger found the opening of her puckered butthole, which was slick with her own leaked juices. With every exhale of hers, and just the slightest pressure, her bottom swallowed the first segment of my finger, and she gasped. With her next exhale, my finger slid a little deeper.She let out an “Ohhh” of pleasure, laced with a hint of panic at the naughty invasion. She twisted. She writhed. Another exhale, and my middle finger was completely in her anus. I had one finger in her vag, one in her sphincter, and a mad tongue taking out a bad day on her clit!Her breathing changed, and her voice took on a husky tone, groaning and moaning as I pushed and pulled my fingers in and out, while still tonguing her.Suddenly, she came hard! A fire storm blazed inside her, and she exploded into a moaning song of ecstasy!I kept one of her legs up and stayed right in there, not stopping my furious licking. Her orgasm was the most intense I’ve ever seen. It started with a loud, wavering moan, matched by shivering, quivering thighs, breasts, and belly. She exploded into a fit that rocked her head into the bed. It was all I could do to stay in and keep eating and fingering through the whole event.When her explosive orgasm finally ended, she fell into a heavily-breathing mess. Her chest was heaving and she tried to catch her breath. She told me later that watching me eat her out in the reflection in the glass above us was amazing!Not giving her any break, I repositioned myself and sank my cock into her greasy hole. Her pussy felt so hot. Being swallowed deep into her, my dick found its home. She tasted me through her pussy. I lifted her feet up to my face. I kissed her ankles and the soles of her feet.She watched me put her bodystocking-clad toes in my mouth. Our bodies melted into each other.I reached for her breasts, watching them through the slight opening between her calves as I held her legs to my chest.She still lay exhausted from her orgasm as I pinched and rolled her hard nipples in my fingers.Once again, I took in how gorgeous she looked in that black bodystocking. It added variety of sex I liked. It was something new—my wife in a different color and design. I took her feet in my hands and spread her legs open as far as she could go. I gazed down down at her beautiful pussy, holding in all of me. I could cum right now, the happiest of men. But I pulled out all the way for a moment, just to see all of her sex tasting all of mine. Then I slowly let her grasp and suck me back in, just to watch her pussy open and cling to me as we went deep. Then we did it all again one more time.Now it was time to really go at it! I folded her in two, leaning over her, holding myself up on the mattress. Her legs spread into my elbows, as open as she could be. I strained to go as deep in as I could. I pounded her so hard, my knees sometimes came up off the bed, and my hands, toes, and cock were the only things holding me up. Our pelvic bones hurt, her labia smashed and spread at my base. But we didn’t stop. My cock fully stretched and filled her. It was breathtaking. Literally—we were both panting for breath.Each thrust ended with a thud. Her body jolted. Her eyes widened. I went a little faster. Each thud pushed a little harder. I bottomed out into her aching body. Heat and passion started to claw at us.She started grasping at my butt and back, trying to keep me in deep! Her look got very serious, and she stared lasers into my eyes as my pace quickened. She acted really surprised as her orgasm hit like a jump scare! She hunched into me as her pussy gripped my dick for dear life!I kept going as she came. Her face was red, feet flailing out to the side. Our bodies smacked together to a chorus of oohs and ahhs. Her pussy’s grip loosened as her climax faded. She lay lifeless when her orgasm ended. I went faster and harder. Her tits were bounding back and forth as I pounded her hard! Our bodies clapped together loudly. She tried to relax after she came, but I must’ve awakened something in her, because she got serious again.I was ramming her hard, and she was taking it all. Her body was flinching every time.She stammered, “You’re making me cum again!”I could feel a lightning storm of an orgasm cumming on! I started swelling inside her. The prickling thousand fang bites of euphoric orgasm hit the head of my cock, and had me all frenzied and hot! I held my breath and kept smashing our bodies together!Tingles turned to sharp sparks. All the pressure and sensation focused into my cock, and I exploded luxurious cum into my wife! I came deep inside her, gushing, splattering all over her insides.She was cumming, I was cumming. Our orgasms coated our intimate skin. Everything went slick!Dynamite blew shock waves out from our genital feast to the rest of our bodies! She was jiggling, I was lunging! I hunched over her with every spasm.Our eyes opened, and our breathing gradually slowed as we basked in the aftermath of an amazing sexual explosion. The tail of the dragon slithered out of sight. I rolled off. Too tired to care about any oozing leakage of cum, my wife lay there. I saw much more glistening wet liquid drooling out of her than usual.We cleaned up, rested a while, then grabbed something to drink and snack on.Since we were already conveniently naked, we tried out the steam shower. She liked it more than me, though I have to admit it was relaxing.After a while, she got in the jacuzzi tub, and I sat in the massage chair.But soon, we got our second wind.She had me sit on the edge of the private pool with my feet in. It was shallow enough to play, but deep enough to swim too.She swam up and, at just the right height, took my already-hard dick in her mouth. It was beautiful. She just started in on the head; playing, flirting. Then she sucked me in as far as she could take me, and just kept playing at that depth, making tiny movements up and down.I am amazed at my wife! Her pussy and mouth feel exquisite! Her arms rested on my lap as her head bobbed and weaved on my dick. A few times she deep-throated it! Then she would pop off and catch her breath. The feel of her tongue was amazing. She took me in like a creamsicle sucked in and out on a hot summer day.I didn’t want to cum yet, so I asked to return the favor for her.We switched positions, and she sat on the edge of the pool as I ate her out. She’d had too much of a sexual workout by now, and things were a little numb down there. She liked what she was feeling, and she could still cum, but she felt it would take too long. Instead, she wanted to fuck in the pool.With both of us now in the water, we swam, chatted, and listened to the music, all while flirting, playing, and getting closer and closer. Every time she advanced, wanting to have sex, I playfully retreated. She finally got her legs wrapped around my waist, floating in the water while I held her.I love her tits in the water. It’s like they take a true form as the water surrounds them. I felt her velvet skin all over.Her nipples poked above the surface. She said it tickled her nipples to have the water move up and down on them as she buoyed.I poked her playfully with my prick. I teased, in then out. Nothing deep, just playing at the entrance. Then I slid up the length of her slit to have my cock head tickle her clit. She started trying to aim her pussy at my dick, trying to get me in there. Her frustration and horniness was showing.Then, she said it. “C’mon,” she begged, “Fuck me like you paid for me.”I almost melted into pool water.My cock became its hardest ever at those words. I immediately pounded her pussy in the pool. Being in water changed the sensations. The pool was rippling, sloshing, and splashing in our frantic sex act! When she came, I literally felt a spray of her liquid squirt on my cock inside her. She truly came all over my cock! A low howl escaped her while she came. I held her as I kept my dick still, lodged up in her, throughout her orgasm. She was so tensed up, you’d have thought she was in pain! It was one of the most shocking orgasms I have ever seen her have. When it passed, I took it easy on her, and just mildly moved in and out, penetrating her deeply but gently. She relaxed as I held her in the pool and slowly made love to her. Within a few minutes of this, I climaxed inside her again while she continued relaxing in my arms.She had never squirted before; never anything that is noticeable on the outside. Only one other time has this occurred since this encounter. It was amazing! She said she felt like she was fainting while intense, tickling, prickly heat just hit her very hard. She loved it!Thanks for reading.