Hello, everyone! I am so happy to continue the series. If you have not, I would please suggest readingThe Lady’s Knight: Part 1as it offers necessary background on the characters and the setting for the scenes which take place in this portion. I hope you enjoy reading!The cart neared the patch of land upon which Victor had lived for years—though what was once a normal cottage had been transformed by his dear wife into a wonderful home, with help from the ladies she knew in the towns nearby. They all knew her husband was working for the King and greatly blessed by God, but they knew none of the details of his pain which Isabella knew, and saw, on every occasion when he came home.Isabella softly rubbed Victor’s arm and leg, awaking him from his soft slumber.“My sweet, are you tired?”“No, I simply slept to the cart’s rocking, but I rested a good amount on my way to the city.”“Good. I have prepared a wonderful meal. I cooked chicken over the fire, made some buttered vegetables, and a warm soup of fresh tomato!”“That… sounds divine,” Victor said as he got out of the carriage and fetched his things. He smiled at the thought of home-cooked food. Victor had the ability to sustain himself off of prayer and blessing alone—such was a benefit of his great piety and devotion. Just as the Grace of his guiding Father would heal his wounds much quicker than any other man, that Grace aided Victor is staving off physical ailments and hunger more than the common man. Though, whilst at home, he sought to sustain himself on the food and resources of a normal citizen. Though the healing and sustaining powers of the Lord were a wonder, they were not as satisfying as his wife’s cooking.Every man would wish for food made by his lady’s hand, Victor thought as his taste buds were allured by the wonderful possibilities of the kitchen.Isabella guided him inside. Victor immediately picked up on the scent of the home. Light lavender and woods filled his nostrils, and he could see a chicken steaming above a light fired stove. Isabella led him to table, where his favourite wooden chair was, and had him sit down. She went to her knees, undoing his boots and carefully removing his padding, placing them neatly in a separate area near the door for her to wash and prepare for his next journey.“My lord, I ran you the hottest water I could, and it would have warmed now to a good heat. May I take you to it?”Victor nodded, still weary from his day, but now much more attentive. The entire time whilst she sat him down and helped him remove his paddings, he watched her intently. He knew what great strain there was upon her. The wives of the knights could claim glory on their husband’s behalf, but Isabella, uniquely, could not share the achievements and work of her husband. Sworn to the same secrecy as him, she often suffered in silence—days, weeks, without a word from him. The girl was 18 when she was married. Still young, she had not yet understood the qualms of this married life. To be in his arms, day after day, forevermore, was her desire.Isabella’s thoughts were of the same as she led him to the smooth limestone bathing tub. Though her pain was strong at his first journey after their marriage, mere days after they were wed, she realized that wallowing in it would do nothing. Her husband was 27 years of age when they were married in a lovely little ceremony, so he had some years of experience in knowing how to manage the stresses of his occupation—though his wisdoms and demeanor were far past that of a great saint. Isabella herself was wise enough to realize the solution to her sufferings and miseries. She knew she could not change her husband’s occupation, but she could prepare herself to receive him as beautifully as possible, and accept his sorrows as her own. She cried, but knew that she had to be strong, and support her husband’s bravery to do his duty for God and the people. She must be his helpmate, over all else. That was her duty, and to expect the world to change for her was not right. She would care for him, and deposit her struggles to their Heavenly Father to care for her. Only one year of married life had passed—there was a lifetime remaining.After feeling the water for its heat, she dropped some oils into the water, mixing them through with her hand. She recalled how she would bathe in the nearby river down the hill, where the freshest water flowed and it would cool her skin in the warm summers. However, in the cooler late autumn evenings such as this, she would use this tub or the standing stone where she would pour the deliciously warm water over herself, letting it touch her in her most intimate parts. The water would flow in powerful streams over her hair, neck, breasts and womanhood, touching and caressing her. It was these moments wherein her emotions and desires could not be stopped, as she imagined her husband’s hands doing the same; and yet, all too often, they were missing. She could imagine him grabbing, pulling, twisting, kneading, kissing, devouring…Shaking her mind off of such bittersweet and yet naughty memories, she stood up and motioned for Victor to enter. When she she saw him, he had rid himself of his shirt, wearing only the taut loin cloth which guarded his manhood from the open air. She stepped back and looked down, still shy to watch as he removed his final garment. Though he would not wish to admit it, he too was a bit shy to remove his garments in front of her. He then stepped into the tub, the soft foam from the additions to the water parting to welcome his large stature. As he slipped into the water and laid back, Isabella placed a soft mat at the edge of the tub for him to rest his head. He tilted his head back, placing it upon the mat.“Ahhh… what a wonderful feeling this is, my dear Bella.”This was a name only he used. Isabella remembered to the moments after their first evening together. Victor had never touched a woman, never wished to break his celibacy in any manner with just any woman. Yet, once married, he had license to responsibly lay his new bride upon their joint resting abode. That night, they had made love so as to chase the stars away like shy maidens leaving one of their own to her new lord. After that wonderous time, Victor softly told her that Bella shall be her name. Only he shall use it, if she wished it so, and she melted at every use of it. It escaped his lips in moments of great ecstasy, peace, love, and closeness, and she loved to hear it each and every time.“My lord, if you are comfortable, I can relieve your pain with some oil?” Isabella asked her husband.“Hmm, please do.” Victor’s eyes were closed and his head leaned back as he mumbled his response.Isabella knew her husband enjoyed this, as much as he did not wish to admit it. She wouldn’t admit it either, but she enjoyed massaging his back and arms. They were sculpted to near perfection. His training, penances, and the Grace bestowed upon him allowed his physical state to be at the peak of man. She slowly got the bottle of oil, and sat on a stool behind his head. She poured oil onto her hands and started working upon his bronzed shoulders. She loved the tone of his skin—a wonderful, shining copper in contrast to her soft, rosy hue.My, my, what strong shoulders…Isabella thought to herself. She loved the physique he had. Though she knew it would grow more weary with age, and increasingly scarred, she loved the feeling of her hands as they went over wide and strong shoulder blades. Scars—many of them—met her hands.Victor winced slightly. “Careful, Bella. They heal remarkably quickly, but not as quickly as you dream them to.” Victor’s tone was deeper. Not angry, but assertive. Not dictatorial, but sure of his words.“I am sorry, my lord. I will be more careful.” Isabella said, with a slight smile on her lips.She liked the way he spoke to her. He did not chatter often, but she loved his tone of voice. Isabella’s femininity bowed in respect to his masculine frame and manner of speech. In turn, he was careful to never offend her sensibilities or cross any limits of decency. Even now, as he was naked and being touched. His body was more relaxed, but a particular part of him was rapidly growing. He had to will himself to control. He was Victor, the man who had controlled all of his desires, free of passions. If he was to engage in the art of the sensual, he would do so only at his own will. Isabella would have it no other way, though she would fulfill her duties as a wife in pleasing him, and happily so.She worked patiently near the scars, massaging the skin around them without inducing too much pain for Victor. Her eyes teared slightly at the sight of them.“My sweet, what caused these bruises, and this scar here?” she quietly whispered as she touched his upper back and the protruding muscles.“I fell from a guard tower. It was meant to be a much quieter approach, I admit, but one of them took sight of me. Worry not, I soon…” Victor raised his left arm, his blade being summoned from a gauntlet on it as if from thin air, “…dispatched of the troubles.”Isabella reached her hand out to touch the gauntlet now upon his arm. It fit his chiseled and veiny forearms perfectly. It was a part of the Divine gifts given unto him, and he, alongside the Mair and the Dwarves, had crafted its extension and abilities.“Please… be careful,” whispered Isabella, as she started to break and shed tears. Victor detected this, retracted his gauntlet, and reached for her hand. Bringing it to his lips, he kissed it. The heat of his lips warmly met the soft skin of her hands.“Tell me Bella, how are your hands always so soft? So lovely to feel upon my weary arms and shoulders?”Isabella, still tearing, continued to sniffle and only barely caught his question.Victor pressed on, “Bella, answer me.”“My lord…” Isabella straightened herself from her lamentations over his wounds. “Because you never let them be stained. You asked me to wash and care for them. I try to, but sometimes I forget.”“Hmm, yes. You do all of the work about this cottage, and yet I wish for it not to harm your hands. But they do not stay this lovely because you wash them. That merely affects the flesh, good or bad; they stay soft when they touch me, they are lovely to kiss, because of your good heart. The hands of a hard working woman will no doubt be stained, blistered or worse, but they will never cease to feel lovely to those she cares for.”“Thank you, my lord. I find much pleasure in your kind words to me!” Isabella cheerfully responded to the approval of her husband.“My scars are what portion my mere self can take from your hands. I take them, so they do not land upon you. Upon the soldiers. Upon High Lorail. God calls upon me for this. I do this, ultimately, for His call.”“You are never seen for it, never awarded or knighted… is it wrong for me to at least wish that my husband, who performs a great penance for this land, who must use his wit to navigate the darkest people of this world, is rewarded for it?”“What reward do I deserve, dear Bella? You speak with such authority, yet forget that none of us own anything in this world. All is God’s, given to us for a time. Material reward is never my motivation.”“I am sorry, my lord. I did not mean to suggest any such reward for ego or body alone. But respect, honour… it hurts to see you harmed. I simply wish some recognition for your efforts.” Isabella sadly stated as she continued massaging the oil, now into his neck and upper chest. His muscles were strong there as well. He was built like a sage of the mountains, a master of all senses and one with extreme willpower. The masculine warmth and power of his being was alluring to Isabella. But just as her husband, she knew to control herself until the right moment. Her thoughts were interrupted by Victor’s words.“Bella, you do not see it? I have a reward. A blessing. You, my dear. Your duties which you lovingly perform, they are selfless acts which inspire me. If I am to guide you spiritually, you inspire me to it. I am grateful.” He said so without any lilt—he proclaimed it as if it was fact, and nothing Isabella could say would be true apart from an acceptance of this. She felt great honour and pleasure in giving him this joy, to come home to her. She wished to give more joy than he had now, as her hands drifted lower and lower from behind. Without thinking fully, her hands moved. Her hands slowly drifted beneath the water, and just barely touched his abdomen.“Bella, what are you doing?” Victor raised an eyebrow at his wife’s advances, sure that she simply wished to please him.“I simply was tending to your abdomen, my lord,” Isabella whispered with a slight shaking, in a shy tone.“Is that so? And do you believe that, ‘tending to me,’ is going to convince me to act upon desires?”“Not at all. I… really did mean to tend to your abdomen…,” Isabella whispered with breathless fluster into his ear. His eyes widened, and he could notice his manhood rise, growing each and every minute. Isabella could just about feel its heat, boiling the water it rests in. Her thoughts raced to when he shall grab her, throw her upon their bed in their chamber, and plant himself as her master in love.Patience, Isabella, you naughty girl, she reminded herself to remain in poise as her cheeks grew red and her maiden innocence showed itself once more from behind the veil of her husband’s sensual ownership of her.Victor suddenly reached back to wrap his hand firmly around her flowing hair. Leaning back, to where his lips just brushed where her chin and ears meet, he growled, “The choice is notyours, now is it?”Isabella was in shock. She knew her husband’s nature was dominant and that of a commander, but each and every evening with him was a surprise she longed for. It was always met with a gasp of pure pleasure from her.“Bella, answer me,now.”“Yes…” she weakly whispered, unable to focus on his words as his lips grazed her chin, and his facial hairs painted her skin with his controlled passion. She loved his face, the way the hair on his temples were greyed ever so slightly. Though not even 30, his few silver hairs were a sign of his hard work and self-reliant nature. There was a nobility that pulled on the nubile folds of her womanhood. The aged illustriousness of his being made her bow to his loving authority, and accept him as the man who would delight in her form.Victor probed her more, “Bella, if I cannot hear you then you are not answering me.”“I… am very… sorry, my lord,” she panted out a response.Victor continued planting slow kisses on her chin, whilst a slightly wet hand of his pulled on her hair. She loved his firm, yet secure grip. The pull she felt made her feel helpless—even if she would now ask him to let go, he would. She could stand up and leave for the kitchen or chambers. But, she could not. She was controlled, and her womanly garden was begging to glisten in the moonlight and be delighted in by her lover.“Beautiful, my dear Bella. Now, go to the kitchen, and prepare for me the meal. I am hungry, so I shall finish freshening up, and come eat. Will my wife do that for me?”“Yes, she will, my lord.” Isabella subconsciously bit her lip slightly, a symbol of her submission to his command.With that, he let her go, and she slowly raised herself off of her stool and adjusted her hair, before walking away from the stone tub. She approached the threshold and slowed, feeling his eyes upon her. One arm hung over the tub, the other perched up, hand on cheek. She could feel him staring at her braided hair, down her back, at the shape of her bum underneath her housedress. Victor was indeed undressing her with his gaze, imagining the soft curves of her hips, the roundness of her breasts, and the sounds of her feminine moans and gasps. He was a master of his own passions, as he knew there is a time and place for them. Not now, not yet.“Bella, if you are here, then you are not preparing the food. I would not wish to rush you, so please leave and take your time. We shall eat together.”Isabella shook and giggled silently at her husband’s statement. She quietly left the washing room, the sound of her anklets offering a soothing rhythm to a now relaxed Victor.Thank you for reading Part 2 of The Lady’s Knight! The following portions have been written, and will release over time. Once again, any suggestions or comments would be much appreciated. Hugs to everyone <3With Love,SophTea