This post contains strong language (L).My beautiful baby sister married the love of her life. I remember she was just a little kid when I got married to my husband. Now she was marrying, and I was maid of honor at her wedding.The day before, she asked for advice. I didn’t think I was qualified to give it. She sat down with me and our other sister.“How…. I mean how does it feel? Will it hurt?” she asked.She was nervous. In less than 24 hours, she would be a Mrs. She knew the basics, but nothing can truly prepare you. It was new. Like my husband and I and our parents, they had saved sex until marriage. So, we knew the nervousness in her voice.“My heart is pounding,” my sister said.We both reassured her it would be okay. “Relax, take it slow, work on your own time. Just have fun.”I thought back to my own wedding day. It was beautiful, but it took time to learn. That’s the beautiful thing: learning together. Nothing was off limits anymore, but we had our entire lives to enjoy each other.The next day, my sister was a missus to her mister. Their wedding was beautiful. Perfect. I love seeing love in God’s name.As their wedding ended, my sister and brother-in-law were off to their new life together. I could sense the nervousness in them but also the happiness. In a few moments, they would share God’s gift.Sex is a beautiful thing. My parents waited for each other, and they taught us to wait until God chose our spouse. I’m forever grateful for this because it was worth the wait. You grow in partnership and truly understand the why of it all.When the wedding was over, my husband and I went back to our hotel room. We had our own little additional wedding. It didn’t take long to undress, but we went slow. It felt like our wedding night again so slow did we go—just without the nerves.He kissed me all over my body. Tender and soft. I felt my wetness. I felt his hardness through his pants. He tried to lead me to the bed.“Hmm. Not yet,” I said. “Let’s bathe.”We took our attire off and got in the tub, the warm water and soap bubbles soothing our skin. We kissed passionately as I held his election in my hand.“Mmmmm,” I said. My nipples stiffened as my husband kissed them. We continued foreplay for a long time; by the time we go out, the tub water had gone cold. We both grabbed towels to wipe ourselves dry, still going slowly and enjoying each other.There were chocolate-covered strawberries and a bottle of champagne on our table.“Wait, let me get some glasses,” I said. I poured both of us champagne, then grabbed a strawberry and brought it to my lips. “Mmmm.”My husband watched intensely. “You’re so beautiful,”he said. “I want to taste your strawberry.”As I tried to finish my strawberry, my husband came up to kiss me. Our naked bodies pressed together. Getting wetter and wetter, I took hold of his hardness and gently stroked it.“Mmmm, baby, you always love me good,” my husband said.After my last bite of berry, I decided to get to my knees. His beautiful hardness confronted me, and I couldn’t wait to taste it.“You’re so beautiful,” my husband said, holding my hair back.I took hold of his cock. “It’s a beauty.” I gently guided my lips toward his hardness.My husband threw his head back. “Yeah, baby, right there,” he moaned.I inched my way up his member, taking more of it with each bob of my head until I got all of him in my mouth.“Oooo,” my husband moaned.I look up. His head hung back as I slurped and sucked him off.“Enough!” My husband moaned. “I’m getting close with you doing that,” he smiled. He motion me up, and our lips pressed. As my wetness steadily increased, he laid me on the bed. He kissed all over my body before stopping right there, at my entrance. I felt his breath there. My breathing became heavy as I anticipated more. Instead, he skipped over that spot and kissed down my leg.It drove me crazy. “Please,” I begged.“Not yet,” my husband said. He continued to tease me with soft, long kisses and licks on my breasts. Pretty soon, I just couldn’t take it anymore.“I need you,” I moaned.My husband kissed me hard on the lips. Then he licked up and down my body some more before reaching my wet spot again.“Hmm,” my husband said as he stuck one finger inside me. “I see you’re wet for me.”I nodded.“I love you,” he said.“I love you t….” my words were cut off as he started eating my pussy, his mouth and tongue working my inner soul. I couldn’t help myself; I pulled him tighter into me and buried his face between my thighs.“Omg,” I moaned. “That feels so good.” My husband’s face worked its way up to my magic button. “Oooooo. Ahhh,” I moaned. My body teetered on the brink of orgasm. I couldn’t hold it. So I grabbed the sheets and prepared.Then…..“Ahhhhhh,” I moaned loudly as my body shook. “I’m cummmin’. I’m cummmin’.” I moaned as my thighs tightened around my husband’s head. My release lasted for what seemed forever.  I went to Cloud Nine, but finally, I released him and motioned for him to come up.“My turn.” I smiled, laying him on the bed. I kissed his nipples before slowing allowing my walls to separate on top of him. I felt all of him.“Mmmmm,” he said.I slowly rode him while flexing my inner walls.“Fuckkkk,” he moaned.I continued to contract on his cock.Up as I grabbed it with my walls.Down as I released and relaxed.“Ahhh. Ahhh. Ahhh.” My husband couldn’t handle it. He lost himself. “Babe, I don’t wanna cum yet,” he moaned.“But I want you to.” I came down on his cock. “Just relax,” I whispered as I contracted my walls on him.My husband rolled his eyes back and held my hips as I rode him. His moans and sounds bouncing off our hotel walls were music to my ears.“Ahhh. Babe, I’m gonna cum,” he moaned.“Great! Cum inside your pussy,” I told him. I contracted and rode his cock until my husband could no longer hold on. I knew it was happening when….“Ahhhhhh. Ahhhhh. Ahhhh. Shit.” His eyes rolled back, and my heart beat fast at what I had just done. As he finished, he kissed me, then swap me from top to bottom.“I love you,” he said before fingering me and licking my clit, not caring that his cum was leaking out of me.“When his fingers reached my sweet spot, I lost it. Right there. Right there,” I moaned.Then it hit! With his fingers inside me and his tongue on my sweetness, I experienced my big release and teared up. It was very overwhelming because it felt so good. My body was weak. I couldn’t move. All I could do was scream because it felt so good.“Shitttttt. Baby, I’m fucking cummin’ onnn youuuuu,” I cried. Tears rolled down my face as my release hit again, full force.Once I relaxed again, my husband patted my pussy.“Love my wet, pretty pussy—and love it when it loves me,” he said.