A few years ago, when we first got together (before the children), we were in an old one-and-a-half-bedroom trailer near the city limits. I say it was one and a half because there was a tiny “bedroom” that was no larger than a small closet. You found it. Remember? It wasn’t much but it was perfect for us being mostly broke. It also helped that it was cheap and owned outright. Lot rent is always cheaper than an apartment. Most importantly, we had privacy and didn’t have to deal with neighbors that were a mere 4 inches away through the wall like in an apartment.One afternoon, after being there for about 2 months, you had planned on us going out after you went to your parent’s place. We didn’t have much money so we had to improvise a lot of times. All in all, I think it made our relationship stronger. Well, in preparation for our night out I had planned to take a shower before you arrived. But since it was my day off, not only did I sleep late, but I got caught up playing video games, and before I knew it, you were there.I have always found you to be a beautiful woman. Not only that. but you always seemed to have a way with my heart. So I always looked forward to our time together. I never really knew what we’d end up doing, because no matter what we planned, you always seemed to add a caveat to it, which made the anticipation of being around you exciting. The fact that you are HOT only made it better, and this day was no different.As you stepped through the door, I took note of all your curves, as has been my habit. After admiring your form, I closed the door and turn to give you a kiss. As soon as our lips touched, I immediately wanted more. So I kissed you again and again. Pretty soon we were locked in a passionate embrace. Our lips and tongues spoke our love for one another. I grabbed your ass and pulled you even closer. After about 10 minutes of this, we managed to finally pull ourselves apart, knowing there will likely be time for more later. Little did I know that you had already planned a little surprise.“Listen, I haven’t gotten a shower yet so why don’t you watch TV while I do that,” I suggested.You looked at me and say, “Ok babe. I’ll be waiting.” Then you kissed me again before I walked away.Shutting the bathroom door, I stripped down naked, adjusted the water temperature just right, and got right in. I don’t know anyone who doesn’t enjoy a nice, warm, relaxing shower. I know I do. But today I didn’t take the amount of time I usually take, because I know you’re waiting on me, and that excites me. Thinking about it makes my dick get hard every time. The feel of the warm water over my body only makes it better. I make sure to get every inch as clean as I can for you.Within just a few minutes, I was done and getting out of the shower. After I turned the water off, I wrapped a towel around my waist and walked out into the hallway. I planned on winking at you on the couch, but you’re not there. So I figured you went out to your car, or you were getting something in the kitchen.As soon as I walked through the bedroom door, seemingly out of nowhere, I heard you say, “Hi.” I was a little startled at first, but that feeling was quickly replaced by one of utter desire. I looked and saw you lying on your stomach on the bed, completely naked. I looked lustily into your eyes, then gazed down past your shoulders, your back, and finally to that lovely ass that is beautifully accentuated by the best legs I’ve ever seen.“Well this is a nice surprise,” I said. “Were you planning this?”You smile slyly and reply, “Yeah. I thought it would be fun.”So I dropped my towel and walked towards you on the bed. Your head was at the end facing me. You propped yourself up slightly as I got closer. Steadily reaching out your hand, you grabbed my now rock-hard cock. You began to stroke it, all the while pulling me closer and closer to your waiting mouth. But, you like to play with it, don’t you? Your eager strokes are masterful. You looked me in the eyes and saw that I was very much enjoying what you were doing, and it encouraged you.You said to me, “I’ve been looking forward to having your dick in my hand all day.”One last stroke and your hand moved to the base of my cock and you put your lips around the head. Then you removed them and started running your tongue up and down my shaft, licking it like an ice cream cone. You kissed the head and continue licking.“You’re teasing me,” I said.You just giggled as you continued to lube my cock with your saliva. But you couldn’t wait any longer. You opened wide and took my full length. I moaned as I felt the head of my cock hit the back of your throat. You started out slow at first, but then you began sucking so vigorously, as if you thought you’d never have it again.You came up for air and said, “I just love sucking your dick.”I put my hand on the back of your head and pushed you back onto it and said very shakily, “I can see that, and you’re just so good at it.”You made me feel so wonderful. You really are great at what you do with my cock. After a few more minutes of a fabulous blow job, I stopped you.You pouted and said, “Why’d you stop me?”I just said, “Flip over onto your back. I want that warm, wet pussy of yours.”You eagerly rolled over and turned around, putting your head on the pillows. I climbed on top of you and before I could enter your waiting vagina, you grabbed my cock and pulled me in with gusto. I could see you wanted it NOW! So I pumped furiously as you arched your back and moaned softly with sexual pleasure. I watched your lovely tits bouncing with the movement of the bed and it spurred me on. You have the most beautiful set of tits I’ve ever seen, and I absolutely love them.As we are getting it on you said to me, “I want you to do me from behind.”So you turned over onto all fours. This time before you could grab me and pull me in, I lined up the head of my cock to your opening and rammed your pussy as hard as I could. You yelped, but not in pain. You love it when I pound you. Don’t you? So do I. As hard and fast as I can muster.Now you were moaning and panting pretty heavily. I smacked your ass, you moaned again. Next thing I knew you reached through your legs and started rubbing my balls. The minute you do I know it won’t be long. Your moaning was increasing and I knew you were getting close. As was I.“Keep going until you cum inside me,” you said. “I want to feel you shoot your load in my pussy.”Suddenly your head collapsed to the pillow. That’s all it took for me to blow my load. As I came, I kept pounding you. Finally, I finished, and we both fell to the bed and into each other’s arms.You looked at me and said, “I love you. That was really great.”I kissed you and replied, “Baby, I love you too and I’m lucky to have you. It’s also a nice bonus that you’re just so good at pleasing me.”You said, “Likewise.” As our lips and tongues met again, we lay together enjoying each other’s bodies for a bit before getting dressed and going out to eat.