(A) – This story contains analingus and anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.When He Dominates:We just needed an elevated, elegant night out, just the two of us. Both of us have been traveling for work; my husband has been filming a movie in New Mexico for the last three weeks, and I’ve been doing press for my series.I got a text when I landed at LAX that he got tickets to a ballet I really wanted to see. Upon arriving to our place in L.A. I found a note from him with directions to get ready and that a car would arrive in two hours to get me.I drew a bath with all my favorite luxury products and applied all of my seductive oils and scents. Then I did my hair with lots of curls and put on my lingerie, and a long, thin, almost sheer black slip dress and stiletto heels. I kept my makeup light, knowing most of it would come off later. I had gotten my nails done last week and thankfully I was already bare down there due to keeping up with my Brazilian laser hair treatments.The car arrived in no time and I got in. When I arrived, my husband was waiting outside of the venue with a rose and a smile, wearing one of my favorite slim Black suits. He grabbed my hand and kissed me gently. Adoringly staring at me, he said, “You absolutely stunning.” My heart melted. He held my hand as we walked up the stairs, and we caught up as we made our way into the venue and took our seats.The ballet was amazing, and all throughout the performance he kept sliding his hand through the high slit in my dress, gently rubbing my thigh and inching toward my pussy, stroking it lightly with his fingers. It was everything I could do not to give into his touch. I giggled with him and eventually he would return to resting his hand on my thigh and watching the performance.When the show was over, we got in our car and I noticed my husband looked so uncomfortable. A bulge was forming in his pants. I began softly rubbing him and his moans were so beautiful. He struggled to drive. At a red light I guided his big, rough hands to lips of my pulsating pussy which was getting warmer and wetter. I loved feeling his fingers explore me outside of my panties.He drove fast but safely and we arrived at our home. He opened my door, reached for my hand and gently led me out of the car. Then he just stood there for a minute and looked at me with deep concentration, like he was studying my body.All of the sudden I felt him push me up against the car. I dropped my purse and he began forcefully kissing me, with so much urgency like he’d been starving all day for it. It was electric feeling the heat off of his body as he pressed me into the car. He quickly pushed his middle finger into my pussy, finger fucking me while forcing his tongue into my mouth.He managed to drag himself away, then he grabbed my hand and we walked into our house. He shut the door and ripped off my panties, leaving my dress on. I gasped with delight and pushed him to the floor. With my skirt lifted and nothing left underneath, he ate me so well, pushing his tongue into me and rubbing my clit with his nose, which drives me wild. It felt like he was down there forever. He got so worked up he lifted my legs and began licking my asshole, which felt so dirty and raw. I love when he gets so animalistic and primal, it makes me feel so desired and loved. At one point his finger made its way into my ass, which was his way of letting me know he wants to take my ass tonight. I couldn’t wait.He turned me around to face the door and shoved his hard dick into my pussy in one stroke, but I was so wet and horny, it slid right in! And he took me right there up against the door. With most of the lights still off in the house, I could hardly see, and all I could hear was my panting and his grunting. While he was pounding my little pussy so good, I felt him gather my long, black hair into his fist and gently pull my head back. This is my favorite way to be fucked. I needed this so badly, and it had been so long. I heard him whisper “You’re doing so good baby, taking this big dick, such a good girl.” I immediately started cumming, speechless.He continued pounding me until I had to scream, “I’m coming again!” My husband continued to fuck me through my orgasm. I came hard all over him, and I was dripping down my legs onto the hardwood floor. He pulled out and scooped me up, and I threw my arms around his neck as he gently carried me to our bedroom upstairs.He lay me on my back, and I lifted myself up to reach for his pants, trying to pull them off. But he pushed me onto my back and lifted my legs, then ate me out fiercely. God, this man! It was so good that I was thrashing all over the bed, screaming while cumming. He finally let me up to stand, and he pulled my dress off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor.I began undressing him, then I dropped to my knees to blow him, working my tongue around his tip slowly and playing with his balls at the same time. I began sucking him off and then my desire completely took over and I let him slowly face fuck me, deep throating me.His hot dick felt so good in my throat; pure ecstasy. I knew he was getting close, and I wanted to feel his hot release in my throat, but he gently pulled me off, picked me up and commanded me to get on my knees on the bed, ass in the air. I knew it was time for the ass fucking I’ve been waiting for all night.He started by leaning over me, kissing my neck, and whispering: “Oh baby, I can’t wait to fuck this pretty little ass, whose ass is this?!”I said, “It’s your ass, my love.”“That’s right, this ass is mine, and it’s making me so hard.”Then he stood up and cracked a hard spank on my ass, followed by a kiss. He spanked me for a good 5 minutes, alternating hard blows between kisses, driving me wild. I’ve always loved that I get a good spanking from him and never have to misbehave to get one. Early in our marriage I told him that I need to be spanked regularly, and he always takes care of me.Suddenly, I felt his tongue lick all the way down my ass crack. At this point I was so wet, and had so much cum pouring down my legs. He used my cum and started massaging my asshole, slowly fingering my ass. I was whimpering because it felt so good getting my ass fingered. He worked his finger in me so hard, I yelled, “Give me more, please!” I was begging him to fuck my ass.He said roughly, “I will fuck your ass when I’m ready to!” He added another spank to emphasize his point. He pulled my hair back and continued fingering my ass.I want his dick so bad I start tearing up. Then finally he grabbed the coconut oil from the nightstand and coated his hard rod with it. I felt him slowly positioning his dick at my asshole. I pushed back, trying to get it in, but he controlled me by gripping my hair. He inched in slowly so as not to hurt me. The care this man gives me!Finally his long, thick, hard rod was in—it hurts so good. I cried out in ecstasy. He stayed in, letting me get acclimated. Then I felt the first thrust, and immediately I was in bliss!He started slowly thrusting into my ass, pulling my hair back. Oh my God, the sensations were unreal! Pretty soon he was picking up the speed, fucking my ass. He was pulling my hair and spanking me at the same time. I felt so loved and dominated and cared for all at the same time. My screams of pleasure filled the room so loudly that he leaned over and covered my mouth, muffling my cries. I’ve asked him to do this on several occasions for me, because it increases the intensity of my orgasm.He finally screamed that he couldn’t take this anymore. He grunted and released his hot semen into my very sore and very satisfied asshole. He collapsed on top of me, and we just lay there, spent. I felt his light kisses on my neck and shoulders.I said, “Thank you my love, I really needed that.”He said, “And I really needed you too, so badly. I love you more than you will ever know.”I laid there smiling and praising God silently in my heart, thanking him for bringing this gem of a man into my life. So many nights I dreamt about this, prayed for this and now it’s my reality. I prayed for a sweet, gentle man, who loves rough sex and I got him!! God is the greatest.As a side note, I’m an entrepreneur, running my production company and constantly giving directions and leading all day, which means that when I come home I want to be in my feminine energy, ready to receive and be led well, especially in bed. Coming off this long press tour trip that I’ve had to do for one of my shows, it’s been so stressful, and that’s why it was so wonderful to come home to him and this sexy date he planned. I love when my husband dominates me in bed. I see being dominated (with consent) as being led well. I love feeling that I don’t have to think or make decisions. I’ve given him my consent to dominate me and it’s so healing for me. He puts me into the positions and takes me! Every session isn’t always like this—sometimes it’s more collaborative—but most of the time I don’t have to think or lead, and it’s so relieving.