This post includes anal play (A).With a slight smile on her face, the love of my life placed one hand in mine as we pulled out of the parking lot. Her shining eyes slowly released one small tear down her cheek. We had just said our goodbyes to our daughter as she started college. Though we all had been looking forward to this moment for so many years, seeing her grow small in the rearview mirror as we pulled away brought every possible emotion to the forefront.We rode in silence for several minutes, barely aware of our surroundings as we each remembered key moments with her, alone with each other and our thoughts.Finally, I gently squeezed her hand and managed to say, “We did a good job. She’s going to do great.” I wasn’t sure if I was trying to reassure her or convince myself.She smiled at me, called me a goofy name, and we continued to drive down the road, holding hands as she stared out her window. Every so often, she would sigh and squeeze my hand. For the first time in many years, it was just the two of us. Eventually, she leaned against my shoulder and placed her hand on my lap. It wasn’t a sexual move on her part; we both felt a strong need to be connected.After a few more hours, we arrived at our hotel, checked in, and headed across the street to grab dinner. Interestingly, when we sat down, my wife chose to sit beside me instead of across the table. All throughout the meal, she maintained physical touch: holding my hand, placing her arm in mine, or resting her palm on my thigh. We both needed to hold each other after the day’s emotions.As we ate, though, I found myself getting distracted from my earlier thoughts and beginning to focus on my beautiful wife.Near the end of the meal, I placed my arm around her, and she nestled her head against me. From this position, I found I could look down her shirt a little, which caused my breath to grow a bit husky and my pants to feel quite restrictive. Her full chest has always excited me, and even though she is my wife, I felt a bit naughty looking at her this way—as if I were doing something illicit. But I was happy for any distraction from the emotional day and continued to take in this heavenly view.She noticed my breathing had changed and smiled up at me. Slowly, her hand slid up my thigh and lovingly squeezed my dick. Of course, this didn’t help matters at all. As I sucked in a breath, her smile turned into a large, wicked grin. She loosened her grip and rubbed my growing hardness through my pants.“Why don’t you settle the check while I return to our room?” she asked.It took me a few minutes to pay for the meal, giving me some time to calm down. I wouldn’t have been able to walk right then without passing out!With my mind cleared, I had only one thought coursing through it at this point—ravishing her. I opened the hotel room, and as the door closed, she ran to me, each of us clawing one another through our clothes. All the day’s emotions had come to a head, driving us into a frenzy of teenage lust.We grabbed each other tightly as we desperately kissed, as though we wanted to consume each other, to meld into one body. Her body writhed against mine, her mound grinding against my rigid member through our clothes. Every movement was aggressive, hungry, wild. My hands grabbed at anything they could find, pulling her hair, squeezing her rear, circling her neck, pinching her nipples, rubbing her pussy—I felt utterly feral.With a gasp, my wife pushed me away and looked me up and down, hungry with desire. She quickly stripped down, and I stared at her sexy curves for a moment before she ripped my clothes off and pushed me onto the bed. Obviously, she wanted control, and I was happy to oblige. Looking into her eyes, I saw nothing but ravenous, animalistic desire.She jumped onto me and flipped herself around, lowering her already dripping mound to my mouth as she pinned me down with her body. Her hard nipples rubbed against my stomach as I tasted her bare pussy. I could tell she was fully aroused; her lips were open and quivering, her clit hard and wet.I began to caress and kiss her shining bare mound, my tongue flicking across her swollen clit. She sucked in a quick breath and leaned back, riding atop me and pressing herself deeply against my mouth. As I sucked her clit, her pussy began pulsing. She shuddered and let out a high squeal, and suddenly I was awash in her lovely juices as her thighs clamped around my face. Bringing her this pleasure felt amazing, and I reached around to squeeze her breasts as I continued licking her.Once she recovered, she sensually leaned between my legs, and her rear cheeks opened fully to me as she tenderly grabbed my balls. She placed one in her mouth and began to suck, her tongue swirling it around her mouth. My eyes grew wide at this sensation, and I could feel her smile as her thumb began to rub my precum-moistened tip.I returned to working her beautiful hole and felt tingles of pleasure as she let out a tiny moan around my balls. She released me, then quickly sucked my entire length into her mouth. As she began to bob her head, my senses went into overload. First, I felt my head rub against the roof of her mouth, then the warmth of her tight throat, with the tips of her teeth gently grazing along my length. It was heaven.I quickly reached the point of no return and began to desperately suck at her as she worked on me. I clasped both of her cheeks with my hands and spread them fully apart as I pressed my mouth against her pussy. As I spread her, my thumbs touched, then began to barely enter her rear, massaging her forbidden hole and pulling it open. It pulsed rhythmically as they entered her, and she moaned as she sucked me harder and bit down against me just a little.As I began to boil over, she hummed, and I worked my thumbs in and out as I sucked her clit. She squealed and came again just as I filled her mouth with my cum.We both froze in that moment, my face shining with her juices, her lips covered with mine. I began to soften while still in her mouth and could feel her swallowing, pulling my softening member into the back of her mouth. Then we both collapsed.After a few minutes, she climbed off me and repositioned herself so I could hold her. We quickly drifted off to sleep, spent from the emotions of the day but secure in the love and blessings we had with each other.