(A) —This story contains anal intercourse.(L) —This story contains strong language.As soon as you walk in loosening your tie, I can tell it hasn’t been a good day for you. But I’m determined to make it a better one.“Aww, I’m so sorry you’re having a bad day, babe! Here, sit down, take a break.” I lead you to sit on the couch, hoping to help you relax. “Do you want a drink? No, no, let me get your shoes. Here, I’ll take them off. There. Is that better, with me rubbing your feet?” I smile up at you, doing my best to make you feel better, but I can see that you’re still a little grumpy. It must have been an extra rough day.“Rough day, baby? Here, let me help.” I reach up, undo your belt. I look up to judge your reaction, with a playful smirk on my face.“Babe, what are you doing?” I can hear in your voice that your bad mood beginning to leave, and I can hear it being replaced by curiosity and tentative desire. But you haven’t asked me to stop, so I undo the button and pull down the zipper.I love your cock. Even as I pull your pants down, it’s already twitching. It’s not firm yet—it takes time for enough blood to pump it to its full size. I run my finger along it, my wide eyes staring. Even when it’s at rest, it’s huge.“Can I taste it, baby? Is that okay?” Without waiting for a reply, I softly lick at the tip, and I giggle as feel it respond. My hand cups your balls, feeling the weight of them, the hair, their softness. I breathe deeply to get the smell of you.I slide you into my mouth, my fingers taking hold at the base. I can feel you filling up in my mouth, and that’s a great feeling. I pull back just long enough to ask teasingly, “Is your day getting better, baby?” But I don’t need an answer. I know it is. I can hear the relief, relaxation and rapture in your first few sighs and moans. Your cock hardens as my tongue does its work, lapping up and down the swelling shaft. It doesn’t fill from the bottom up, your cock, but from the center out. I feel the vein on the bottom throbbing.You take hold of my hair and try to pull me up, to kiss me, to compliment me, but I stop you. “No, no, that’s not what I’m here for today. You had a bad day. Let me suck your cock hard enough to make your whole day better.” I swat your hand away and growl at you, like a dog with her bone. That gets a laugh out of you. I’ve hardly let you get a word in as I scramble to serve you, and though you may not know what to make of me, I can tell you’re enjoying what I’m doing.Your cock is twitching already. I must be doing something right! I know I’m improving your day at least a little. I slurp at your rod, making sure to let the drool run down around it. With your shaft firm, I wrap my hand around it. There’s so much of it! I love when you get hard inside my mouth. You grunt, and I can tell I’m already getting you there. Perfect!I look up at you and brush my long hair out of my face. I gaze at you with my pleading, hungry eyes as I lower my big, pouting, cock-sucking lips down your twitching shaft. Oh, fuck that tastes good!My eyes roll back in my head with enjoyment as I pleasure you. I wrap my hand around the base of your cock and stroke it, moving no more than an inch up and down. “You feel that, baby?” I know you do. “Is your day getting better?” I know from your moans that it is.I stroke your shaft and gaze hungrily at it for a moment, and then I suck, really genuinely suck on the tip, trying to flood it with blood. And as I suck, I make a low, whimpering noise, and flick the tip with my nimble pink tongue, dancing it around your frenulum, tracing the shape of the head of your full and shuddering shaft with my tongue.Your member comes out of my mouth with a pop, and I look up at you again, my eyes bright and my smirk huge. I want to make your day better, and I’m going to keep trying until I succeed. My hand keeps moving, and I hear you groan, and I know my efforts are working. Your day has gone from bad to one of the best. And it’s going to get better when I drink your cum.I giggle and lower my head again, and my smirking lips open to let my tongue lap at the head of your cock. I love how your face reacts—so expressive! I lower my mouth further onto your cock, making sure you’re watching as the shaft disappears into my little mouth. You are my husband, and your cock is all mine. I pull you all the way in so that you graze the back of my throat, which tickles a little and makes me want to cough. But I power through and seal my lips around your shaft, wrapping my fingers around it in a tight loop.I squeeze my fingers, and roll them up, along with my lips, about three-quarters of an inch. I squirm a little as I do, wiggling my butt sensually. You can’t tell yet, but my pussy is soaking through my panties. This is one of my favorite places: down on my knees before you, with your cock buried in my mouth. Pleasuring my man like this is such a turn on! I suck hard to pull my cheeks in so they rub along the side of your cock. I moan lightly as I press my tongue along the length of your shaft. With my free hand I reach over, take your clenched hand, and bury it in my hair. I look up at you, grinning around your dick, and wink.Then, my head surges into motion, pumping up and down at a distinctly different rate from my looped fingers, which are stroking firmly at your cock’s base. Your cock is already throbbing, and I’m getting eager to taste your cum. I suck, sliding my tongue back and forth along your cock, running it along the length of your shaft, my drool running down over my hand as it works your hard dick.I trace my fingernails over your balls, feeling them contract and get ready to give me your seed. I moan again, scissoring my legs to rub my thighs against my pussy. Oh, yes.You groan and gasp, and I feel your hand on my head, pressing down and clenching my hair. My hand continues jerking your cock, as I pull my head up. You’re soaked with my slobber, and your cock is straining, twitching, reaching for the ceiling.“Yeah, baby? You’re close, aren’t you?” I purr, licking my lips as I stare you in the eyes. “Bet you can’t make it another minute without putting that hot cream in my mouth.” I’m smiling and positively giddy, eager for you to bust. “C’mon, let it cum. Stop holding back. Give it to me. I want it.”I smile up at you encouragingly, one hand still vigorously working your shaft. With my other hand, I use fingernails to lightly stroke your balls, then use the pads of my fingers to massage firmly behind your testicles, stimulating your prostate.“Give me that cum, baby.” I say, my breath hot and my voice husky. “Haven’t I earned it? Haven’t I earned your cum, right down my throat? Don’t I please get to swallow it?” I’m panting, out of breath and eager. Your balls tighten, and you sharply gasp, reaching your climax. My eyes light up, and I dive down, burying your cock in my mouth.“Oh, baby, yes,” is all you can manage to say as your orgasm overtakes you.I can feel you cum. I know what you’re feeling because your body tells me. My hands leap to your thighs and squeeze as I feel your first eruption hit the back of my throat. I squeal around your cock. I win! I achieved my goal of pleasuring you, and this is my prize. Another jet spurts as I make a pleased humming noise and start to swallow eagerly. It’s salty, sweet, and wonderful. Your cum is perfect. I love the taste! That’s why I make sure you eat a lot of fruit! As you continue to pump that deliciousness into my mouth, my hands resume their duties. I massage your balls with one, and stroke at your cock with the other.I suck firmly, and press against your frenulum with my tongue, to pull out as much of your delicious cum as I can. I keep swallowing, but I’m struggling to keep up. You’ve cum so hard for me, baby! I adjust my hips, rocking them back and forth. I clench my thighs again, trying to get just a little stimulation for my pussy, because she is positively twitching!I suck one last bit more, while I firmly stroke your shaft. When you try to pull my head away from your sensitive dick, I make a disapproving whimper, and when you stop, I give you a happy purr. My hands and mouth make short work of your sloppy dick, as I slurp up all your hot cream.Well, almost all. You make millions of sperm a day for your wife alone.Finally, I slip your drained cock from my mouth and let it drop onto my cleavage, leaving an obvious, slimy trail along my throat and down onto the top of my breasts, where they peek out of my low-cut shirt. Then I lift it again and scoop the rest of the cum off your cock with my nail. I sit back on my knees and smirk at you, licking my lips as you watch me slurp it down. I’m thirsty, but I’m too busy enjoying the taste of your cum to wash it away yet. I feel as though I’m purring, as you sit there, panting. I wiggle my hips, delighted over how well I got to treat you.“There. Is your day better now, Sugar?” I purr, crawling up to cuddle next to you on the big, soft couch. I let you sit back and relax for a bit. You’ve had a bad day, after all! I don’t want to be in your way.I don’t mention it to you yet, but my pussy’s still twitching. It’s like having an itch, and only your nice, thick cock can scratch it. I’ll give you some time, though. That was a lot of cum! And I want to make sure you have time to recharge and be ready to service your horny bride.So I push down my desire just a little longer and seek to serve you. I hand you the controller for your favorite video game and ask, “Do you want a sandwich? Can I get you a beer maybe some iced rye?”“No thank you, baby. Just stay close. That’s all I want right now.”And so I oblige and sit next to you on the couch. Can you smell me? I feel like you can. I feel like you’re teasing me, sitting there, smelling my aroused pussy and not giving it what it wants. I bite my lip to keep from playing with myself, watching you start to play your game, thinking about having you fuck me. God, my panties are gonna be flooded.I try to move stealthily as I slide my hand up my thigh. Even the touch of my own hand is electric against my skin. I slowly slide my hand around my panties. I don’t want you to see—not yet, at least. They’re damp, Sugar. That’s your fault. You’re gone so long each day, working long hours, throwing everything you have at your job to provide for our family. When you get home, all I want is you and your loving. And when I’m denied for even a short while, this is the result: panties that I’ve made wet and sticky with anticipation.Once I have ahold of them, I pull steadily, sliding them down, moving them slowly, so you don’t notice. I need these panties off! I want my pussy exposed under my skirt.My hand is damp by the time my panties are off. And I think I was able to “pull it off” without you noticing what I was doing.My hands creep towards you. I pace myself, even though I want to taste you, to feel your shaft spreading my pussy.I lay my head on your still-bare lap as you play. You adjust yourself to accommodate me lying there, shifting your hips forward, which works wonderfully.I turn my head and take a deep breath of the heady, woody smell of you. I slide my head down and take you into my mouth again. You gasp, and I hear the tone as you pause your game. All eyes on your wife.I release your cock from my mouth. “No no!” I mumble. “You keep playing,” I say, waving vaguely at the television. “…And let me play.”Your cock grows full wonderfully quickly, this second time. As I work at your member with my mouth, bringing it to life, I hear the sound of your game resuming, but it sounds like it’s not going very well for you. I smile around your cock. Am I distracting you? Probably so. How mischievous of me. I pop your full cock from my mouth, wet with saliva, and my hand starts to work on the shaft.“Okay, now pause… ” I say quietly, and I hear you comply right away.I stand and give you a sultry look as I drop my drenched panties and lift my short skirt, then promptly climb up into your lap, facing away from you. Obviously you like this, by the wonderfully eager baritone groan that meets my ears. Holding your shaft firmly in hand, I guide it up to my already glistening slit. Gradually, carefully, I descend onto you, filling my soft channel with your impressive girth. As I rock my hips, I feel you reach eagerly for my breasts under my shirt, but I move your hands away.“No, no,” I hissed, shaking my head. “Keep playing,” I groan, motioning again at the screen. I’m going to tease you as long as I can.With a tone, the game resumes, but I’m focused on the sensations. In my aroused pussy, I can feel your pulse traveling along your shaft. Fuck yes, that’s hot! Your hips rock back and forth, and I push myself down to hold you still as I brace my hands on my knees. I pant in ragged breaths as I concentrate on my motions. I rock my hips back and forth on you, working your cock deeper and deeper into me—into my cunt.I love that word, and I hate that word. It’s so filthy that I blush when I think it—unless I’m naked at the time. It’s the perfect, dirty word to describe the feeling of your cock inside me. “It’s filling my cunt” sounds so wonderfully base, so primal.And you are—you are filling my cunt.I adjust myself and bend forward more, which puts your cock at a new angle and reaches new pleasure spots deep inside me. I know you’ll be tempted to stare at my ass in this position, with my skirt barely covering it. “Keep your eyes on the screen baby,” I moan. You’re normally so good at this game, but now you look like a beginner! I love the thought that I’m distracting you, tempting you away from your game. It makes me bite my lip and sends a shudder down my thighs.Fuck, fuck! It all feels so good! My knees are getting tired as I pump away, but my little pussy is still squeezing and shaping itself around your cock. Because of the wonderful angle, you’re rubbing firmly along my inner walls. I feel the lovely, slick friction of rubbing against my insides. I feel your dick’s head swelling, almost to bursting.I gasp, excited at the thought that I might make you cum like this. Could I do it? With my skirt up, your pants down, bouncing on your hips as you play video games? Could I tease a load of jizz from your cock, and leave it to drip down my leg? Is my pussy tight enough to make you come again? Am I wet enough? I look down and see my juices smearing everywhere and coating your balls. Oh yes, I amdefinitelywet enough.I grunt and whimper. Iwhimper!That’s what you’ve reduced me to! My arms are getting tired of supporting my upper body, and my knees are crying out, but I don’t want to stop. “Pause it,” I say, still panting.I feel you respond instantly, like you were waiting for it. The game pauses and your hands leap to lustfully grope my breasts through my shirt. I let you touch, and I drink in the sensation of your cock shifting inside me… but no, not yet. I’m not giving you permission to fuck me just yet.I pull up, pulling myself off your cock. I hear you groan, almost whine in disappointment. But I turn around and smile, instantly letting you know we are nowhere near finished. I whip off my shirt, leaving me totally naked, then mount you again. My hand confidently reaches for your cock, which is well-lubricated from my sopping wet pussy. I guide the tip back and forth over my wet slit, and feel you throb in my hand.I lean forward and nibble your ear. “Gently,” I sigh. I push your cock, gently but firmly, against my ass.I feel your cock surge as you understand what I mean. I don’t let you have my ass very often. That’s not my fault! I don’t dislike having you in my ass. It’s just that you have this big, thick, pussy-perfect cock. Most of the time, putting it into my ass is a waste. In my mouth, I get to taste you, and in my pussy, I get to feel you in such an intimate way. But right now, I want something different. I want it so much it hurts. And I want you to want it. You try to take hold of my hips, but again, I push your hands away. I bite on your earlobe and pull. “Gently,” I moan, and I slowly ease down into your lap.It hurts. I’m not gonna lie, it hurts when that fat mushroom head of your cock pushes into my snug, little ass, despite the plentiful lubrication from my pussy. I love your nice, thick fingers there, when you stroke me. I like using a little toy to test my asshole from time to time. But your cock is a wonderfully huge thing in comparison. It twitches and throbs obscenely, and it hurts. I have to go so carefully and so slowly…But then you groan and shudder, already so obviously close to bursting, and it changes something in me. Who gives a fuck about pain? My absolute lust for you overpowers the ache. That surge of desire seems to enable my tight entrance to open to you, and I feel the taboo pleasure of taking nearly your entire length into my forbidden channel.I put my hand down between us, sliding my middle finger just barely up inside my soaked pussy, to tease myself and press on your cock through my inner wall. My index finger rubs sidelong at my clit, and my pussy twitches. I feel my ass clamp around your cock. I sigh, long and loud. I’m gonna cum! I just need to beat you there.“Play,” I hiss.“No, baby!” You protest. “Forget the game, I just want you!”“Play the game,” I demand again. “I’ll tell you when you’re free to fuck me, understand?” I don’t move, and stare playfully but unwaveringly into your eyes.You hold my gaze for a few moments, full of such erotic tension. Then your eyes look reluctantly over my shoulder and I hear your game start. I resume rocking my hips, moving your cock inside my tight hole. Oh, God. I barely started moving again and I’m already so close.“Baby, I’m gonna cum, okay? I’m gonna… oh, oh… I’m gonna cum, so hard… with your cock… withyouin my ass. Okay, baby? But I need something… I need something from you. O-okay?” I ask.“Anything, baby,” you say and kiss my shoulder.I feel your kiss turn into a play bite as your teeth graze my skin. It’s like you want to consume me. God, how I want you to consume me! I push your forehead back. “Baby, I need you to play your game, and not cum yet. Okay? I need you t-to… let me—fuck! Let me fuck y-you… Mmmkay?” I can barely stutter and gasp the words out through the mounting pleasure. “Can you let me fuck you, baby? Can I cum on your fuckstick, baby?” I purr. Even just saying these things to you has my pussy pulsing around my finger, gripping tightly on it. Oh, shit, yes, baby, please…I can’t bounce on your cock, now. It’s too hard, too heavy, too huge in my ass. All I can do is rock myself, back and forth, but that alone is fantastic, and my body surges for you.I’ve got three of my fingers stuffed up my little pussy now. One was nowhere near enough, and two didn’t make me feel full—not like you do. Even with three, my lust-crazed pussy wants more, but at this angle, it’s the best I’m going to get. The heel of my palm rubs back and forth against my clit as my hips rock. I can feel my climax approaching with glorious inevitability. I can sense it—almost taste it, roll it around in my mouth, and savor it. I could rub it into my skin, rub it against yours. It’s so tangible, so close… but I’m saving it. I don’t just want to cum, I want to stretch it out, bask in it.I can hear you straining. You’re controlling your breath, breathing slowly in huge, heaving breaths, trying to hold back. You’re nominally playing your game, but I know the sounds it’s supposed to make, and it’s not making them. You’re definitely not paying attention to the game anymore. I see one of your hands mindlessly fiddling with the controller, and I feel the other one resting on my hip as it rocks back and forth on you. Am I distracting you? Yes, I most certainly am. You’re such a bad boy for not doing as I said… and I’m such a bad girl for making it impossible to pay attention to anything but me.“Fuck, baby,” I purr in your ear. “I love feeling you fuck my ass! Do you like it? You always want to fuck me there… it makes me feel dirty, like I’m your slut… Am I your little slut?” I ask, biting your ear.“Oh, yes baby, my beautiful little slut,” you gasp breathlessly.My hips and thighs shudder. I’m holding back, restraining myself, but it’s like holding back an impossible weight. I’m working you hard, and it feels fantastic. I want to cum so badly, but I love putting you through this exquisite torture.I hiss in your ear, “I’m so gonna cum, baby. I’m gonna… ah!… explode!” I half giggle, half moan. My legs shudder as I struggle to hold back a climax that’s eager to rip through me. “Fuck, fuck, oh, baby… I wanna cum so bad, baby, so bad… I’m aching for you… Ah… are you re—ohhh—ready?”I’m barely able to speak. My pussy is convulsing. My thighs and ass can’t stop shaking. Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck! I bite your earlobe, then purr in your ear again. “Sugar, wh… when I ask you to, can you fuck me? R-really fuck me, like I’m your whore. Give me your cock, and justpound me!” You grunt, shifting your grasp, and I shake my head. “No! Not yet… almost…”I purr in your ear, my pussy soaking, dripping onto your crotch, soaking the base of your shaft. My sphincter is pulsing. Every part of me, even my ass, wants you to blow your load.But not yet. Me first.My back arches, my fingers and toes curl up, and my upper body rolls forward, pressing my bare breasts into your chest. I gasp as you stretch my asshole, that hard-as-steel gorgeous cock of yours straining against my tight little ring and forcing it to stay gaping open. I whimper. “I’m edging, baby… I’ve got my hand buried up my pussy, and oh my God, I wanna… ” I gasp, as my thighs shudder. I press the fingers inside me against my inner wall and press back against that magnificent cock of yours that fills my other pleasure channel. Glorious.“Okay. Okay. Gentle… Gentle… ” I purr, ever so slowly sliding you up and out of me. It seems like there should be a pop as you come out, but there isn’t. Despite your cock having been reaming my ass, it looks clean, so I take it in my hand—the one that’s still soaked in my juice—and stroke the fuck out of that beautiful shaft. I watch myself stroke it, wide-eyed, biting my lip. I look up at your eyes. You’re trying so hard not to cum, so you can fuck me like I asked for! I’m such an dirty little slut for teasing you like this.I consider stroking you to completion and making you cover me in your cum… but I’m too horny for that. I need to having it in my ass again. I need to cum.I nod to you, giving my permission as I swivel my hips up and away. You practically leap off the couch at me, throwing the game controller away. You shove me face down onto couch, and your hands take a firm grip on my hips.I feel your cock at my ass again, spreading it wide open, filling my depths, and… Oh, God, yes—you pound me. I love the thought that I’ve driven my man just a little bit too far, and made him into a lust-driven animal, so that he just fucking hammers me! Finesse is good and fine. It’s actually better, most of the time. But sometimes, a girl just wants to get absolutelyfucked.And right now is one of the times. My ass is already thoroughly stretched, and hungrily accommodates your hard thrusts only a slight, pleasurable ache, as you stretch it open much further than it was ever intended to go. Such a hot thought!It doesn’t take much to make me explode. By the fifth, sixth, seventh stroke of that cock inside my depths, my ass contracts involuntarily. It squeezeshardaround that lovely cock of yours, and I scream. “Oh, fuck, fuck that tight little ass, oh gawsh, fuck me ’till I… Oh my…fuck me, show me how hard you’ll… oh yes, push me, push me over, oh… Oh, yes, I’m cumming! Don’t stop thrusting, don’t ever stop!” My pussy spasms, dribbling with my arousal, and I wish it could be filled at the same time.As your girth holds open my forbidden entrance, it feels like my body catches fire. I gasp, but it comes out as a primal shriek. You follow my instructions—you good boy, you wonderful man—and continue to ram me with your thick cock. That makes my climax reverberate back and forth through my whole body multiple times, echoing inside me like a harmonic wave. I’m sure my wailing could shatter glass. I buck, whimper, whine, beg, and even sob as I’m overwhelmed with pleasure. The ecstasy peaks when I feel you finally give way within me, and fill me with your essence, making me gasp.When the rapture finally releases me from its blissful grip, I collapse face down, totally spent. My pussy quivers with aftershocks of my unbelievable orgasm. My ass still pulses around your cock, and I can feel the warmth you’ve left deep inside me. As you slowly withdraw, I can feel it dribbling out of my thoroughly-fucked ass. That’ll need some cleanup later, but right now, it feels so hot and right to be leaking my man’s cum, making such a sexy, slutty mess.I hurt, which feels wonderful. My ass is sore from being pounded, and my muscles all over my body are exhausted from clenching in pleasure.I shakily push myself up to my hands or knees. What started as a bad day for you ended up becoming a very enjoyable one for both of us. I slowly recover my mind from the intoxicating haze of pleasure, and half moan, half ask, “Mmmm. Can I get you anything else, baby?” I sit up next to you on the couch, wobble on unsteady and exhausted muscles, collapse against your chest, and use the last of my strength to raise my head and kiss you. “Did I make your bad day a little better?” I murmur, relaxing and melting into your solid body.I hear your wonderful, precious laugh as you say brightly, “Yes! You are such an amazing wife—an amazing,hotwife! I am so lucky to have you. I love you.”