My Paradise Girl (otherwise known as my wife of 30 hot years) and I like to plan short getaways from the hectic pace of family life and work. We especially enjoy beach locations for obvious reasons.We never know exactly what our hotel room is going to look like, as we enjoy trying out new places. This time we were very pleasantly surprised. When we arrived in the evening, we found that it was romantically lit with a large, comfortable bed. As soon as we closed the door, we began kissing and petting, as we can almost never keep our hands off each other. We edged closer to the bed, not waiting to even put our suitcase away. But it was not to be (yet). I didn’t come all this way to stay in a hotel room.So I said to Paradise, “Let’s go down to the beach.”“But I need to get myself ready.”“Of course,” I replied. Watching my sexy Paradise get herself dolled up is a great turn on for me. She took off her top and her dress; in moments, she was totally naked.“What do you think, should I go out like this?” She winked and looked down at me stroking my already aroused cock. “It seemsyoulike the look,” she said with a smile.I did.“What swimsuit should I put on?” she asked. She calls me her fashion adviser.“The bikini,” I answered without hesitation. Over that, she put on a tight dress that kept me staring at her.“And I want you to put on your tight briefs,” she told me, “and nothing else but your undershirt.”When we got to the beach, it was still warm. We lingered a bit at a beachside bar, swaying gently to the music. We squeezed close together as we danced.“Let’s go for a walk,” I whispered into her soft ear.As we walked, we found that there was a part of the beach that had a breakwater some distance out. Within that, the water was crystal clear. With the moon reflecting off the surface, it was breathtaking.“This is our spot,” we both said spontaneously, then looked at each other and laughed. We had to go into the water.Paradise stripped off her dress slowly. I am always amazed at how her body makes me as hot as if it were the first time I saw it. She has a sparkling, fun personality and ran laughing towards the water.“Come on,” she called back to me, and I walked towards her. Only as we reached the water did she realize that I had taken off my briefs as well.“Brrr,” she shivered from the water. But I straight away ducked under.“It’s fine,” I said.“No, it’s too cold; up to my knees will do.”“You’re the adventurous one.” I smiled and began splashing her. This brought on some shrieks that amused me. Finally I convinced her, and she went under and got used to it.We hugged and kissed, doing a gentle dance in the water. I held her from behind and massaged her breasts—first over the bikini. and then under—at the same time nuzzling her neck. As she cooed, I slipped my hand into her panties, just gently brushing her clit. This time it was a sigh. Whrn she reached behind and fondled my very hard cock, I undid her top and reached down to pull off her panties. I squeezed her tight.“Put me in,” I whispered.“Right here?” she asked hesitantly. “What if somebody comes?”We looked up and saw that we were fully visible in the bright moonlight.“This is our spot,” I said, “and anyone else is trespassing.”She took my big boy and slipped it in her wet pussy.“Ahhhh,” we both sighed together, then giggled.I grabbed her breasts and kneaded them while I slid up and down inside her from behind. With one hand, I stroked her clit as she moaned. Soon she began squealing and squirting, not having to worry about wetting the bed. I kissed her neck passionately. We looked at our hot reflection in the water.“We look sexy together, don’t we?” She smiled.She rocked back onto me faster and faster till she reached her climax.“Aren’t you going to climax, too?” she panted in her aftermath.“No, Paradise, sweetie,” I said, “I want to stay horny for Part 2 in the hotel. I’ll wait till then to cum.”But then she walked naked out of the water. I watched her from behind, her curvy ass and body swaying in her feminine walk. She turned around, revealing her shapely breasts and exposed pussy. I ran after her. Suddenly I wasn’t so sure I would be able to wait till we got back to the hotel….