Poll Question: How do you take responsibility for getting in the mood and enhancing intimacy with your spouse? (Give Your Top Four Answers)I am a man and I am always in the mood.I am a woman and I am always in the mood.Read or write Sensual Marriage Heat Stories.Engage in open communication about sexual thoughts and fantasies.Sexy talk gets me in the mood.Maintaining physical fitness makes me feel horny.Touching myself helps me relax and think about intimacy with my spouse.Masturbating with the permission of my spouse gets me hot for intimacy.Wearing a sexy outfit, going braless, or not wearing panties turns me on.Going out on the town, attending events, or dancing.Date nights help me get into the mindset.Let me tell you! Write in the comments your "go to" for getting in the mood for love. Share a micro story.View ResultsLoading ...Hi MH fellowship,I was feeling pangs of guilt for listening to soft audio erotica last week, and it was worrying me somewhat. I am on fire for Jesus and don’t want to engage in anything sinful. I only gave it a try because my libido had been flagging with all the changes going on in my life of late. At 55, my appetite is not what it used to be, even though the HRT helps a lot.My husband always says he finds me so sexy, even though we’ve been together for close to three decades, and he is always hungry for me. I’m not surprised. I take good care of myself, and years of gymming and being active have kept my body in good shape. I am very comfortable in my skin.I love what he does to me, but I struggle sometimes to get my mind “there.” Know what I mean? Once we get going, I normally can’t get enough. The trick is to get going, haha!The audio erotica really “worked,” but the cussing grossed me out, particularly the f “bombs,” so I duly went on the internet looking for some advice,  and low and behold, I found www.marriageheat.com Hallelujah, I’m in love!I feel so elated that I sent my hubby a WhatsApp message to let him know. He is away on overnight business but will be back in the morning. It looks like I found a solution, and truth be known, I’m mind-blown that something like this exists. Genius! The least I could do was put pen to paper and share.So I find myself “hungrily” clicking through the categories, and in Stories, a photograph of a woman holding a vibrator catches my eye. Now, why doesn’t that surprise me? Hee hee. The story is called “It’s getting better.” About halfway through, I feel myself getting very turned on.The way she describes her emotions and her sensations, without profanity, so tastefully takes me to a yummy, dreamy place in my mind and has me yearning for the same experience. I feel my body tensing with anticipation, my pussy sort of suddenly tightly contracted and pulsing.  I am so engrossed in her experience, which I can relate to, I find myself speed-reading to the end and getting hornier and hornier.I want to play, and I want to cum so badly. I do have some toys, but it just wouldn’t feel right. When I had given in before and told my husband afterward when he was out of town, he was ok with it, but these days, I never want to cum without him. I want to share absolutely everything with my hubby, my best friend.My orgasms will need to wait.So, to distract myself, I am sharing my / our story on the website. I hope you have enjoyed it. We are so glad to be here with all of you!Sex really is the most beautiful God-given gift that solidifies a married couple’s union. We have not been perfect angels in the past, and we have sinned in our marriage, but as we have turned our backs on sin, our relationship with God strengthens and grows, as does our relationship with each other. God is at the center of our marriage, and we are becoming more and more spiritually bonded. What a beautiful thing!I’m signing off for now, but I hope to share more stories in the future. Thank you for reading.Yours truly,SexyHorneyObedientWifePoll Question: How do you take responsibility for getting in the mood and enhancing intimacy with your spouse? (Give Your Top Four Answers)I am a man and I am always in the mood.I am a woman and I am always in the mood.Read or write Sensual Marriage Heat Stories.Engage in open communication about sexual thoughts and fantasies.Sexy talk gets me in the mood.Maintaining physical fitness makes me feel horny.Touching myself helps me relax and think about intimacy with my spouse.Masturbating with the permission of my spouse gets me hot for intimacy.Wearing a sexy outfit, going braless, or not wearing panties turns me on.Going out on the town, attending events, or dancing.Date nights help me get into the mindset.Let me tell you! Write in the comments your "go to" for getting in the mood for love. Share a micro story.View ResultsLoading ...