This post contains strong language (L).INTROBack in the day, when I was young and just figuring out about sex, my sexual interest, awareness, awakening, whatever, was in full gear! Holy Toledo, I loved what I was discovering! Horniness was fun! Not just masturbation, but just being a horny guy! I didn’t have a huge cock or balls, but my boys were pumping out the testosterone like they had someplace to go! And girls around me were developing in ways that grabbed me by my eyeballs, and screamed “LOOK AT HER!”PARK SET-UPGrowing up, we lived next door to a playground/park with ball fields, a small rec building for games (remember Nok Hockey?), and such. So all the kids hung out there, dawn till dusk, and playing in the dark after dinner. There was one guy who was really cool, and his older brother, even more so. They had serious “playground cred”, and were not to be taken lightly. I knew both of them, and while not best friends, they were good to hang with every now and again.A new family moved in on the next street over, and let’s just say, the three girls quickly became popular. They weren’t nasty or trashy, but smart, friendly, funny, great looking, and on the leading edge of sexually free attitudes. One was my age, one a year older, and the third a year older still. The cool older brother and the new older sister hung around a lot, and even my fledgling testosterone radar could tell something was going on.One day when the park wasn’t open and the building was supposed to be locked, somehow we three were sitting on a picnic table nearby. Also somehow, no one else was around.“Want to get in the building and mess around?” the older brother asked the older sister. I didn’t know my eyes could get any bigger as I listened.“Yeah, let’s do it,” she replied. My eyes set a new personal best for shock and awe.“We’re going to play strip poker in the office. Do you want to play?” he asked me. My jaw fell open, and just missed hitting the table.“No, I don’t think I can,” I said, in what was probably a blessing, but at the time seemed like the defeat of my young, sexual life.“Well, you could always blow yourself.” he offered in empathetic consolation.BLOW YOURSELFNow, understand, I just barely had an idea of what a blowjob was. There was no internet, no access to porn (another good thing), and even the Playboy in the drug store wasn’t showing cocks nor oral sex back in the day. I half-knew what it was, and also knew it was a physical impossibility. My mouth was up here; my cock was down there.How’s that supposed to happen?I thought to myself.“How’s that supposed to happen?” I asked, as if my mouth just had to announce every thought.“Easy. You lay on your back, roll your legs up, over, and past your head, take your cock in your mouth, and just blow,” he explained, as a long-ago Obi Sex Kenobi.“Oh, right. I knew that. Thanks, but I have to go now,” I said in retreat. I wanted to give them their space, and I needed to breathe into a paper bag for a while.THE OPPORTUNITYA day or two later—again, somehow—all my family was out doing stuff, and I was home alone with not much to do. As you know, when you’re doing nothing, your mind wanders. I could hear his voice as clear as day.“Easy. You lay on your back, roll your legs up, over, and past your head, take your cock in your mouth, and just blow.”I shared a downstairs bedroom with my brother—two single beds, and the desk where I was sitting. The house was quiet with everyone gone.It didn’t seem like I had to think about it or made any mental decision. I just stood up, dropped my jeans and “tighty whiteys”, took off my shirt, and the next thing I knew, I was laying naked on my bed.DOING IT“Easy. You lay on your back …” OK, simple enough. On my bed, on my back. Nice and comfy. All good so far.“… roll your legs up, over, and past your head …” It took a try or two, but I was a skinny young teen and so could do it. Putting my feet against the wall behind my pillow to steady myself sure helped.“… take your cock in your mouth …” This is where things got real. There “he” was! My cock, my buddy, staring me right in the face. As I said, I wasn’t real big, maybe 5+ inches hard back then. And unfortunately, a “grower”, not a “shower”, but at this moment, I was pretty well “all grown up.” And I always thought I had a good-looking cock. I was circumcised, but that was the norm back then. The moment of truth. I swallowed, opened my mouth, flexed my legs a little to roll my hips, and my cock was in my mouth.“… and just blow.” Before I could consider this, I had to come to terms with my current situation. I was comfortably folded in half, an origami’d teen, feet against the wall for leverage, with my hard cock in my mouth. Not your normal Saturday afternoon. Further, it felt new, strange, different, and fucking amazing! I loved it! I wasn’t really moving it in and out, and there certainly was no “blowing” going on. It was more like sucking a thumb or a lollipop. It just fit so well in my mouth.It’s impressive how a young body can stretch and adapt to physical stimulation, isn’t it? As I am sucking my own cock, my mind a blur of space, stars, and wonderment, my cock is getting longer and bigger. My back muscles are stretching and lengthening. My legs and hips are working my feet further down against the wall. All this conspires to get my cock almost two inches into my mouth, well past the ridge of my cock head. Have I mentioned that the sucking of my own cock was fucking amazing?I can’t remember how long I was in this glorious state of affairs, but it was somewhere between a scant, too-short second and a glorious, eternal moment.THE ORGASMThinking back, it is interesting how my orgasm crept up on me. As I’m sucking my cock, my mouth, tongue, and lips are working like a well-oiled, intuitive machine. My muscles slowly, almost imperceptibly, started to tense, curving my hips back, and my cock further into my mouth. My feet, pushing against the wall behind the head of my bed, tiptoed down the wood paneling. The end result was my whole body tensing, moving my cock almost three inches into my mouth. And. Then. It. Hit.My body exploded! My muscles contracted, my sucking got more urgent, and my cock pulsed a first shot of cum into my mouth. Then another. And another. I am in sexual rigor mortis, and my mouth is filling with a taste and texture that is totally new, unlike anything else on the planet. And I loved it! You can’t predict that a teenage boy is going to love the taste of his own cum. There’s no Vegas money on that.I couldn’t swallow fast enough. I didn’t need speed because of some vast quantity of cum. I needed speed because I couldn’t drink myself down fast enough. Remember, this is all 100% new. I am exploring outer space, the deep ocean, and totally uncharted wilderness! My cock is pulsing like a strong thing possessed, pouring this hot, salty, viscous concoction down my throat. Pulse after glorious pulse, I was consumed with sexual wonder.AFTERSHOCKAfter the final contraction of my cock, and sucking the last of my cum out of me, my body slowly relaxed its rictus clench. My head fell back, my torso, hips, and legs unfolding along the bed like a well-oiled jackknife. And I just lay there, my cock spent, shiny, and soft on my stomach. The new and most amazing taste of my cum was erotically still in my mouth. My body was doing something new—tingling, glowing, humming—I still can’t quite describe it. And my brain was trying to take it all in.I was in heaven. No guilt, no shame, just amazement at the pleasure my body gave me! I can’t remember whether this was my first orgasm, or if I had a wet dream or masturbated before this. I just know the dazzling newness of what I just did had me mesmerized. I’ve never told anyone about this until a recent sharing with Queen. I wasn’t sure if she was ready for this level of sexual audacity early on in our marriage, and I wanted the time to be right.CONCLUSIONSo what did I learn and what do I do with it today?Like George Costanza in Seinfeld, “I say this with an unblemished record of staunch heterosexuality”, I loved everything about sucking my cock and cumming in my mouth, but I have never had any interest in cock other than mine. I think cocks are amazing, gorgeous, hot symbols of male virility and sexual arousal. They turn me on because of this symbolism, but they always point me right back to Queen, and remind me to “Go fuck her with adoration and ferocity!” Who am I to argue?I really did like the taste of my cum. I don’t think the usual “salty,” “bitter,” “like iron” descriptions do it justice. Maybe it was the intensity of my situation, but I have always thought cum tasted like sex. Raw sex. Sex Tartar! Today? I love to kiss Queen after she’s just blown me and share our cummy sauce. Lick it off her amazing breasts? Delish! Eat my cream pie out of her just-fucked pussy? Scrumptious! Follow me for more recipes!I wasn’t conscious of it at the time, but I think this was very sexually “courageous” of me back then (not bragging, just thinking back), and that has morphed into my current desire to be sexually fearless. Again, I’m not bragging, and I’m certainly not there yet. I am turned on by the idea that there is no sexual arena I won’t play in with Queen, inside the Biblical limits (and yes, there are a few, very clear, and easily understood limits. We call them The Six. I’ve described them in previous comments.)As I said, I just recently told Queen about this, and the “exhibitionist transparency” of the revelation was like a shot of B12. I was so sexually energized. I know I’m an exhibitionist, but this “baring” was huge. And now, with this posting, I’ve exhibited myself to you all with this intimate saga. It’s risky. I have no idea how you will respond. But holy fuck, “literary exhibitionism” like this gets me so charged up. Queen is in such trouble! Here come adoration and ferocity!