(A) – This story contains brief anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.ReadPart 1 of the story here.Anthony had just made Nyla cum by eating her pussy as she sat on his face. He allowed her to gather herself before gently rolling her off of his face and onto her back. He took his place atop her and nudged her legs open to get between them. Nyla was still collecting herself when he placed his meaty cock at her entrance, allowing his head to just touch her cunt, as if knocking for permission to enter. He kissed her deeply, letting Nyla taste herself on his lips and tongue. He withdrew his mouth from hers, his lips brushing against hers. His breath reeked of her pussy, and she never knew her own scent could be so intoxicating.“Gotchoass with that one, eh?” he asked, his face still dripping with her juices. “I know what the fuck I’m doing down there,” he said with absolute conviction. “You’remine.”Nyla couldn’t argue. She nodded, barely able to say, “Uh-huh.”“Now,” his lips just a nanometer from hers, “reach down there and put me in.”Nyla wasn’t even totally on the planet as she took hold of Anthony’s lengthy and beefy shaft and guided him inside her, making her back arch upward.  He kissed her deeply as he opened her wide, sinking into her. Even after all these years, his entering her took her breath away, and she was thankful for GOD giving her a man who always overwhelmed her in the ways she loved most.Anthony wasted no time. He reserved pounding her out until later. Right now, he was resolute in his nearly balls-deep stirring of her pussy. He kept his eyes open, watching her face respond to his expertise inside her. Nyla winced, gasped, moaned, and exclaimed with guttural sounds as she was being fucked. Anthony took pride in his work, but he wanted reassurance even though rubbing her back wall with his cock was eliciting just about all the confirmation he needed.“Waking me out of my sleep, and you thought this shit was gonna be sweet and easy, eh?”Nyla, her eyes still closed, shook her head, silently begging for mercy she hoped would never come.“Yeah, you did. Thought you were just gonna ride out a nut and go right back to sleep, didn’t you? Don’t you lie to me.”Nyla couldn’t form sentences or words. She only grunted out the closest thing she could to a pleading “no.”Anthony pressed harder into her, moving them closer to the foot of the bed now that their position had changed right after he devoured her.“God, yeeesssss…my Looorrrddd!” she exclaimed.“This is what He wants for you. He created me for this, so just receive it.”Anthony quickened his pace and worked Nyla to the brink of another orgasm. He felt her cunt tighten and milk his cock, but he didn’t stop owning her with his grinding thrusts.“Yeah, Lord. Your girl thought this was gonna be a quickie. She still don’t know who she married. Let me show her.”Anthony kept working her, but Nyla still hadn’t landed from the orgasm that had just ripped through her moments ago, and this new one was earth-shattering. It was all too much in the best of ways, but she was scooting away from him and was about to go over the end of the bed as her nut took over.Anthony withdrew from her, exited the bed, and walked around to its foot. He stood there, stroking his cream-coated cock as he watched his beautiful wife return to herself and lock eyes with him.“You know what I want. Don’t look at me stupid. Assume the fuckin’ position, woman.”Nyla turned and rolled over to face the headboard. Anthony climbed in the bed behind her as she went face-down, ass-up. She thought all was well until…SMACK!Anthony slapped her asshard.“The hell is this shit? Get right. Where do those hands belong? Stop being hardheaded. Youknowbetter.”Nyla brought both of her hands back and placed them behind her at the top of her ass.“Good try, but not quite.”Nyla grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled them apart, showcasing that exquisite pussy and star that always made Anthony lose himself. Both were slathered in their sex cream, her anus having collected some of the run-off when she was on her back.“Just gorgeous,” he said as he took his place behind her, scooping some of the cream on his thumb and inserting it into her star.“Sffffuuuuulllllaaaaaattttt,” Nyla’s pussy queefed as Anthony’s cock slowly entered her. All she could do was moan.“Look who’s talking now,” Anthony chuckled. “Just know these backshots ain’t personal…well, I take that back.”There was no ramping up to an acceptable beats-per-minute. Anthony just got straight to work at his own pace, not caring what was comfortable or suitable for Nyla, but her exclamations were the positive assurance Anthony so longed to hear. He was locked in at a steady pace, not too fast or slow. It sufficed to allow him to go balls-deep with each stroke and cause her ass to resound with each clap from his pelvis against her flesh.He grabbed both her hands and held them in one of his own, using them as reigns like a man riding a stallion.“You gonna wakemeup and use me to get a nut? You’re gonnaearneach orgasm I beat out of you. Now, sound off and tell me you like this shit!”All Nyla could do was submit to her husband’s commands, and every bit of her delighted in doing so. She couldn’t remember a single word she said in response, but she always answered his statements. No matter how intently she responded, there was another gear Anthony kicked into until she noticed he was flat-out railing her—something she wanted…something sheneeded. Another several minutes passed of her being wrecked before Anthony barked out a different command that called for her to give instead of receive.“Throw it back. Throw that ass back on this dick,” he said.Nyla obeyed enthusiastically.“Good shit. This isyourdick, babygirl.Yours.Nobody else gets this. Own it. Give me some more of that pussy. Put your back into it.”Nyla did as Anthony bid her and looked back at her husband. They locked eyes. He smiled and winked at her. Just a minute or so later, Anthony pulled out and ripped Nyla’s legs from under her, making her lay flat on the bed. He grabbed a nearby pillow and stuffed it underneath her pelvis before nudging her legs open again. Without delay, he pushed himself all the way in, and Nyla yelped in response. Anthony began expertly pounding away at her ass in prone-bone. With each stroke, he dug deeper—his gith dragging back and forth across her g-spot.Nyla was holding onto the bedsheets for dear life when Anthony took it a bit further. He placed his hands on the back of hers and interlocked their fingers.“Yes, baby! Love me, please!” Nyla managed to moan out.“Iknow what you need.Ido.” Anthony said with his lips next to her right ear. He spoke through heavy breaths mingled with his strokes that hammered her ass cheeks. “You think I didn’t know you were ovulating? Woman, I got a calendar for this shit. I know you better than you know yourself.”The clapping of his pelvis against her ass sounded like gunshots, and, outside of their grunts, moans, and groans, it was all they heard as Anthony drove himself and his wife to their end.Anthony wrapped his arms underneath Nyla and began pulling her body up and into his strokes. Nyla didn’t want it to end, but she knew her love deserved a powerful release. She let him work and continued receiving the dicking she so hotly needed.Anthony’s pummeling strokes got faster and more uncontrolled. The surge was coming. His balls drew up, and white-hot heat flew from the base of his balls into his shaft. He was obliterating her cheeks with wreckless abandon and felt his cock begin to spasm. Anthony got lost in the sensation of his orgasm emanating from his soul. He managed to teeter on the edge of cumming for nearly a minute before streams of his essence shot out his flesh as he continued repeatedly shoving himself into her.Anthony shuttered and yelled as he released inside his wife for what seemed like minutes on end.Nyla reveled in being filled with his thick cock and warm, rich cum that began overflowing out of her pussy. Anthony’s cock was still bucking inside her, throwing off the last few drops that had to have trailed nothing less than a fountain of semen, evidenced by the mess that was leaking out of her and pooling on the pillow and bed beneath her and husband.Anthony stayed inside the love of his life, his softening cock nestled precisely where it belonged. He rolled to his side, keeping Nyla in his arms as he kissed her neck and gently rubbed and squeezed her tits.“Reach over there and grab your phone for me,” he commanded in a bass-filled voice through heavy, slow breaths.Nyla didn’t question him; she obeyed. She handed it to him, but Anthony gave further directions.“Text Angie and tell her you won’t be coming in tomorrow. You’re sick and have an appointment with a specialist,”  he said.“What specialist?” she asked.“I see you got jokes,” Anthony chortled. “Please fuck around and find out. Please.”They both laughed for a few seconds as Nyla sent the message. They kissed deeply and fell asleep in each other’s arms. All Nyla could think as she drifted off was how thankful she was for a man who would commit himself to her midnight madness.