Hello everyone, I want to share my story of an event that changed my life forever and changed my view on sex and Christianity. I’m in my mid-20s now (in between a millennial and Gen Z), and this happened back when I was 18. In this post, I discuss love, healing, sex, and heartbreak.My mind has fixated on an ex-boyfriend I had around six years ago when I was a freshman at a small Christian college.One night, I met a boy whom I will refer to as “M.” He was a musician, Christian, quirky, funny, and so-so-so handsome. The moment I laid eyes on him, I HAD to get to know him, and we hit it off instantly. We spent a lot of time together, and he comforted me in some of my hardest moments that year. This continued for a few weeks; we spent more and more time together. I fell for him so hard.In the beginning, it was so perfect. M really seemed to understand me, and we had so much chemistry. We also had similar upbringings, both Christians. He would often make me swoon with phrases like “You’re so beautiful,” “I just want to kiss you and touch you everywhere when I look into your gorgeous eyes,” “Your body is the perfect size and shape,” and “I want to make love to you until we’re both sore.” “You check all my boxes,” he’d tell me, and “I would date you if I could. You are everything that turns me on. I hope I end up with someone like you.” He had a way with words that made me feel so sexy and wanted, but at the same time, we loved talking about normal things like video games and movies too. But while his lips dripped honey, he stung me like a bee…We had so much sexual chemistry instantly, and we were constantly flirting and talking about our desires with one another, but we would reiterate that we needed to wait for marriage to have sex. Still, though, I was always dropping hints that I wanted him to kiss me. When the day came that he finally did, I was on cloud 9. The next day, he dumped me over text, telling me I tempted him too much, that it was my fault, and that I never gave him space. I kept trying to get closure because of how much confusion I had over him dumping me and blaming me when he was constantly the one initiating sexual conversations.However, there is more to this story.Over the next few years of on-and-off talking, I came to find out that M, who claimed to be a strong Christ-follower, a leader in his church band, and a part of his church ministry, had been spreading harmful and disgusting rumors about me and got a lot of people to believe them. Sometimes, M would apologize to me and tell me he would stop spreading these rumors only to do so again later on.In response to the mean things he was doing, I often lashed out at him and the group of friends who also spread these rumors about me. I often called them out in person or over messaging to try and get them to see the error of their ways and the lies being told. I hold a lot of blame for my own decisions to not ignore or turn the other cheek, but I was also an 18- to 20-year-old girl who had her heart badly broken. I just wanted this boy to stop being mean, realize how wrong he was, and see that I loved him unconditionally. My friends called me crazy, and many of them abandoned me because of these feelings I had and how much it took up of my thoughts, time, and energy. Was this all my fault?I often ask God why I miss M so much. Was it because we had so much chemistry, or was he really the one? We both wanted the same things, and I fell for him harder than I had ever fallen for anyone in my entire life. I had never met a Christian guy who liked all the same things I did, who was just as sexually intuitive as I was but who also loved God and wanted to follow him. I’ve been in other relationships since then but never found the same level of attraction and contentment as he made me feel. In the few good moments we had, he was kind and caring, and it was hard to realize that this same person was so vindictive and hateful of me.He knew so much of my dark past including abuse, anxiety, depression, and past heartbreak that I have struggled with throughout my life, yet he had no concern over ruining my reputation and college experience. He made me feel small and invaluable, and six years later, I continue to pray to the Lord that he allows me to forget him completely. I still cry over him and ask myself what I could have done to get him to want me back or to want to stay.But the truth is, he hates me; he has made that clear. He took all the deeply personal things he knew about me from my dark past and used them against me. I am so worried I’ll never find another man to make me feel that way again, someone who loves Christ but also is sexually intuitive like I am.It has been a hard six years, and I have been in therapy trying to unlearn all the harmful things I began to think about myself. I am still healing. I am still growing and trying not to lose hope that I will find someone like him without all the bad qualities, someone who checks all of my boxes.If you made it this far, thank you for reading, and thank you for being a safe space for me to share my story.