Having been married for over 40 years, Mary and I have made quite a few road trips. Some were trips before our two sons arrived, some with them, and some after they’d  “left the nest.”All our trips were memorable for a variety of reasons: the need for travel, the destination, and events that happened during the trip. Each made every trip a unique adventure. The one thing on our trips that I’m writing about today is the sexual adventures we’ve shared during them. For whatever reason, traveling seems to kick up our libidos to a higher level. This leads to imaginative, sometimes challenging, romantic liaisons.When traveling with just my wife, it was fun engaging in sexual activities outside the familiar. A different place, new surroundings, varied accommodations,  sometimes camping outdoors in a tent— a change of venue added to the excitement and enhanced our sexual unions. Sharing new things seems to heighten the excitement of our physical love acts.When making travel reservations, I’d often choose motels that had a Jacuzzi or hot tub, very relaxing after a day in the car and even more so if we were traveling on a motorcycle. Yes, we made many trips together on a motorcycle in our past.Hot tub togetherness as a prelude to sexual activity is great as it provided relaxation for tired, tense muscles. Having an in-room Jacuzzi was preferable, enabling unrestricted foreplay in the tub without making a public display. We have fond memories of playing (more accurately fore-playing) in a hot tub before memorable physical intimacies.When traveling with our sons, they would sleep in the same room when in a motel. So we’d have to engage in what I call “sneaky sex;” that is, getting busy while remaining as quiet as possible. Despite this limitation, it was always fun, though challenging. Camping in a tent was even more of a challenge. But where there’s a will, there’s a way. You just need to have well thought out plans.As I’ve always worked evening or midnight shifts, I am used to staying awake late at night, sometimes all night. When making road trips, we’d often leave in the evening, after 9 p.m., when traffic was much lighter. I’d drive all night, covering as much distance as possible. I also tried to pass through large cities on our route in the early morning hours. Mary would either nap or talk to me, helping keep me alert.On this trip, as I recall, we were on our way home from a vacation. It was nighttime, and we were driving on a highway between cities, somewhere in the desert. Not much to see in the desert at night besides the blacktop in front of you, illuminated by your headlights.Mary lay her head in my lap. I thought she was tired, but she began rubbing my member through my pants. It didn’t take long for me to stiffen, getting rock hard. She pulled my zipper down and started giving my hardened member some oral attention. It certainly raised my level of alertness! It was nice that we were essentially alone on the road in the middle of the night. No one could observe our activity.It was also a relatively safe place for it to happen. There wasn’t anything for me to run into in the desert except sand. I enjoyed this heated distraction and remained on the road, in control, for the duration of the act. Thank God for cruise control and a wife with a healthy sexual appetite. I’m truly Blessed.