This story is a continuation of one I wrote called “Eager For Some Lovin’.” I highly recommend you read or re-read it before continuing with this one.❤️ GG************Ben clicked off the kitchen light as we walked hand in hand back to the bedroom. As Ben got into bed, I turned on the disc player and retrieved a copy of one of our homemade sex tapes.“What are you doing, hon?” Ben asked.“Thought we might watch a movie together,” I replied with a smile.“A movie? Kinda late for that, don’t ya think?” Ben said as he adjusted his pillow.“I think you’ll like this one!” I said as I grabbed the remote and slipped into bed next to him.Ben and I kissed passionately for a minute or two, then I clicked on the television and started the disc player. The first scene on the screen was me lying nude in bed, cupping my breasts. Ben looked over at me and smiled.“You’ve got good taste! Naughty, but good. Of course, I should have known you were up to something,” said Ben as he kissed me once more.Placing my leg over his, I smiled and began to fondle his cock and balls. “I knew you would like it!” I said.The next scene showed Ben naked and walking over to the bed. His dick was rock hard as he joined me in bed. Then Ben and I were kissing and fondling one another on the screen.“Damn! Your dick looks even bigger on screen!” I said with a giggle, as I continued to play with Ben’s cock in real life.“Well, they say television exaggerates some things!” Ben replied. We both laughed.The next scene showed me kissing and sucking his cock while fondling and tickling his balls. I love sucking his dick, and my enthusiasm showed on the screen.“I love having your dick in my mouth! You love it when I suck your cock, don’t you, babe?” I whispered as I felt his cock slowly begin to thicken.“Definitely!” Ben replied, as he ran his fingers lightly over my shoulders and back.After a couple of minutes, I had the sudden urge to pee. “Well, shit! I gotta pee! Be right back! Don’t you go anywhere!” I said as I made my way to the bathroom.“Want me to pause it?” Ben asked.“No, that’s okay! You keep watching.” I replied.When I returned to the bedroom, the scene of Ben eating my pussy was on screen.  Ben lay watching with one arm under his head, playing with his cock with the other.“Mmmm! I so love it when you eat my pussy! You sure know how to use your mouth and tongue, baby!” I said as I crawled back into bed.“Well, I love tasting your sweet pussy!” said Ben as he continued playing with his slowly growing dick.Between the video and watching Ben playing with himself, I was so turned on. I couldn’t help but spread my legs and play with myself, as well. My cunt was so wet as I began to finger myself.The next scene showed me in the midst of an orgasm as Ben continued to eat me. Let me tell you, watching myself cum on screen is so hot. I don’t care how many times I’ve seen it, it still gets to me.Obviously, the scene was getting to Ben as well; he continued to pump his now semi-erect cock with his hand. It’s so hot to be naked in bed, watching ourselves making love on screen, as we masturbate together. But as much as I enjoyed it, this was just a warm-up to what I was really wanting.“Baby, be careful not to cum! I want it for myself!” I said, moving a little closer to Ben. My hand was still on my wet cunt.“You do, do you! To fuck? You naughty girl!” Ben said as he got on his knees and moved between my legs.“Baby, you know I do! Do it! Give it to me now!” I said as I continued rubbing my hot pussy.“Tell me! To fuck you! Tell me how you want my cock in your wet pussy!” Ben replied in a deep sexy voice.“Yes! Fuck me! Give me your dick! I want you to fuck me hard. Do it! Fuck me! Fuck me, bast-ohhhhhh, fuuuuck, Baaabbby! ” I cried as suddenly Ben thrust his cock into me.I came twice in a matter of moments as Ben began fucking me hard and deep. Holding my knees, he pounded me relentlessly. He was like an animal, and I was fucking loving it.I could hear the sound of moans and groans from the television as it mixed with the sounds we made as we fucked—pure, raw, animalistic sex between two people who loved and desired each other.I came a third time just as Ben unloaded his balls into me with a loud, deep groan. Our bodies trembled together as our passion reached its peak. I wrapped my legs around Ben and locked my ankles, refusing to let him leave me.With his cock now semi-soft but still inside me, Ben began to slowly move his hips in a screwing-type motion. His pelvic bone rubbed against my clit. After only a few minutes, I began to cum again. My body trembled and convulsed beneath him, my moans of pleasure filling the room.As Ben continued to slowly screw me, we looked into each other’s eyes lovingly and kissed. We were both moist with sweat but continued our intense eye-to-eye communication.“I love you so much!” My voice cracked a bit as I panted, “I so love you!”We worked our hips together as Ben replied, “I love you, too, my beautiful woman!”Within a blink of an eye, we went from hot animalistic sex to tender lovin’. The love and tenderness we shared filled my heart, and I came yet again. It was a small but satisfying orgasm that pleased me, body and soul.After a couple of minutes, Ben pulled out and rolled off of me. His cock was surprisingly still half-hard. I got out of bed and felt his cum seeping out of me, then made my way to the bathroom to clean up.When I returned, the television was off, and Ben was stroking himself as his other hand held his nuts. It was a little unusual, but it seemed Ben desired another orgasm. It has happened a couple of times before in our marriage, but not often.“Baby, want me to get you the coconut oil? I can suck you off if you want,” I said as got into bed next to him and ran my hand over his chest as he beat his meat a little faster.“Fuck! Baby, I’m gonna cum! Suck it! Take it!!” Ben growled.I moved quickly to put his cock in my mouth just as he was ejaculating. It was just a small amount of cum, but I could tell by his reaction how pleasurable it was for him.We lay together until we both drifted off to sleep. Let me reiterate that I love my man so much. I guess we were both eager for some lovin’.❤️ GG( Stay horny, y’all!)