God, her scent is intoxicating. The aroma from her juice still coating my lips and chin drifted to my nostrils and fed my lust. And her taste! There’s no fruit in the garden with such flavor! I’m thrusting now. Holding her feet and listening to her cries swell my cock. I could die right here, buried in her… her pussy! I’m feasting on the pleasure.I look down at my shaft sawing in and out of her beautiful pussy. God knew what He was doing when He created sex. The exquisite pleasure radiates from the tip of my cock, through the shaft, and I feel it throughout my entire body. Just look at that: my dick disappearing over and over inside her body! There is no other pleasure like this!My eyes drift up her belly and to her perfect breasts … or tits … I think I’ll call them tits. They’re perfect. Just beautiful. I watch them bounce with every thrust, mesmerized.I gaze at her neck, tight and flexed as she tries to look up and watch. She likes this too. Her mouth is open; my God, the sounds she’s making. I didn’t think it was possible to love her more, but the words she’s saying, they’re driving me into a frenzy! They make me feel passionate. Strong. Powerful. Oh, how I want to care for this woman! Oh, how I want to love her!Our first night. It’s like a dream, but better. I’m living it. I’m inside my wife. God gave her to me. Made her from me; for me. Oh, how perfect it is.Oh, this feeling! What is this feeling?! I feel like I’m going to erupt! My sounds! I can’t control them! My hips! They’re thrusting on their own. “My God! Eve! I’m coming! Ahhh! Ahhhh!”“Don’t stop, Adam! Don’t stop!” she urges.Our cries rise together in a great crescendo. My seed, propelled by a force I didn’t know I possessed pulses into her. Her own sweet nectar rushes out of her in response, coating my balls and thighs. I must taste that! I drop my face to hers and kiss her lips. Our tongues dance in a frenzy. It moves me. I feel – loved.Her hips are moving again. She’s whimpering, she needs more. I want more!I pull my lips from hers and kiss her neck. Then down to her tits. Her nipples are hard! I soak them with my tongue and move lower. I’m compelled strongly. I want to taste her – no, I want to eat her pussy! My cock slips out and I move down. Smelling her, I can’t wait any longer. I put my hands behind her knees and push up. Her pussy is so swollen! Her lips beckon me.She’s begging me, “Adam, please!” My bride, I will not make her wait.I place her knees on my shoulders and dip my tongue into her slippery folds. The taste is different. It’s not just her, it’s us, it’s our taste together. Like a starving man, I engorge myself. Drinking and swallowing this glorious elixir feeds my cock, and I want to be inside her again. But her cries drive me. I want to see, feel, and taste her sweet release.She’s squeezing my head and calling my name. Her cries are getting closer, she’s grunting. Yes my Eve, cum again! With a long cry, she squeezes hard and bucks into my face, and I am drenched in her honey. I will not waste her precious dew. Her moans turn incoherent and she pushes my head away.I rise to my knees and behold her. Her mouth is open and she is panting. Her tits rise and fall with her breath. I’m overtaken with lust. Her eyes drift to my hard cock.“Do you want me again, my husband?” I don’t trust my words, so I just nod.She rises, kisses my lips, and says, “Then take me my love, take me again.” She turns away from me, drops to her hands and knees, and looks back over her shoulder.“What…how do I say what I want?” Her eyes look desperate. What do we call this?And then I know, “Ask me … ask me to fuck you Eve.”“Yes! Yes, Adam my love! Fuck me!”An unbidden groan escapes my chest and I grab her hips. My cock lines up with her pussy, and I plunge inside. She’s so tight! She’s squeezing me. I thrust hard, over and over. I hear the sound of our flesh slapping echo into the garden.“Eve! Eve! Ahhh! Ahhh!”“Unghh! Unghh! Adam!” “Adam! Don’t stop!”That feeling. I’m going to erupt inside her again. “Ahhhhh! Eve!!!”My seed flows through my cock and spills into her. She cries out and her creamy nectar coats me. I am spent. I collapse onto her back and breathe. Feeling her heart beat, I am over overwhelmed with love. I slip out of her and lay down. She cuddles into me. Our first night, our first time, I pray and thank God for this, and I thank God for this woman; my precious wife, my helpmate.