I’m a leg-man. Always have been. Specifically legs in nylons. Growing up in the 80’s, women wore pantyhose. Every pantyhose commercial I saw made an impression. And I also go crazy for the way they feel.Fast forward to love and marriage. My lovely wife knows how weak I am for her shapely legs in a short skirt, heels and hose. We were getting ready for church and she pulls out a nude pair of sheer pantyhose. She pulled them on, and I watched. I love the way the nylon rasps and swishes as they go up. I love seeing her lower half in just pantyhose. Depending on the weather, she actually prefers to go without panties underneath. Today was one of those. And these were nice nylons. I reached to feel her leg. It was electric on my skin. She also wears a couple anklets underneath, and her toes were painted red. Her skirt was appropriate enough, coming down to just above her knees. And penny loafers. The kind with high heels.Sitting in Sunday school, she constantly crossed and uncrossed her legs. I could hear her nylons swishing. She slipped her foot out of her shoe, crossed her legs and hooked the back of my calf with her stocking’d foot. I almost lost it. I could feel her toes digging into my calf, teasing me. She knows what all this does to me. It literally makes me tingle all over. I have to be careful not to pop a huge boner, and also not get a wet spot in my pants. Its church!During the service, she continued to fidget and fiddle around. She dangled her shoe off her toe when she crossed her legs. Her anklet trapped and held against her ankle by the hose is a sight I just enjoy. Somehow it seems naughty.I should explain a little more. When a woman wears pantyhose, it’s the ultimate expression of womanliness. They’re soft and delicate. Silky and powerful. I just melt. It makes me feel funny in my penis. I’m a big, strong man, and she can make me beg. So when I see her anklet trapped inside that nylon prison, it feels like a show of dominance, from this sweet, petite little woman.I looked down at her feet. Now her shoes were both off. She was curling her toes. I couldn’t help thinking of those feet wrapping around my cock and stroking. The red nail polish through the sheer nylon was too sexy for church. Half of me was a little shocked that she’s doing something so sexy right in church. But no one else could see, thankfully. It was a constant struggle not to have a boner. Standing up for that last song would be rough.Somehow I made it through the service. When we got home, had lunch, and the kids got going on something, it was nap time. And boy, was it nap time! We went to our room and I couldn’t strip fast enough. I told her all about how she drove me nuts all morning. She knew, but I like to tell her that I’m hers. Then she did something amazing. She sat on the bed, had me kneel and remove her shoes. I gave her a foot rub, which turned into a calf rub. I worked my way up her knee and felt her foot on my cock! She tickled the underside of my scrotum with her toes! I told her how naughty her legs were in nylons. How they tickled my skin. How it made me feel funny inside.She giggled and told me to lay on the bed. She took off her skirt and we lay side to side facing each other. We intertwined our legs and she took my cock in her hand, softly stroking it. It had been leaking cum for awhile now. It was plenty slick. She stroked her leg up and down the entire length on my leg. These pantyhose she was wearing sent the silkiest vibrations through my entire body. I could feel her toes and ankle digging in and kneading the side of my calf. Just short of pain, and it tickled immensely! Stroking up and down my leg. Each time, her thigh getting closer to my nuts. Her other foot was playing footsie with my foot. I clamped it with my foot. The sensations were intense!I had my hand on her hip, partly to stroke her, but also to hang on. I loved feeling her hip and leg moving. Everything tickled. And I loved it. I loved watching her legs doing this dirty thing to me. Then her thigh made it up to my sack, pressing it and gliding over it till her knee made contact. I about went to the moon! She was stroking my nuts. This tickled so much! Then she started stroking my cock with both hands. She asked me if I liked how her pantyhose felt. As if she didn’t know! You like me rubbing my pantyhoseall over you? Hmm? Did I give you an erection in church? Oops.You’re bad for liking this so much! Question after sassy question, I answered yes, yes, yes!I wasn’t going to last any longer. I felt myself going past the point of no return. Everything tickled so much more. I loved being tickled by her sexy legs in pantyhose. Her thigh and knee was making love to my nuts. She was jacking away on my shaft. She told me that she should make me wear her pantyhose. How funny it would be to see my big old boner trapped inside of them. That was it. Everything entailed in that statement. I couldn’t take anymore. That was so dirty.I came hard, gripping her leg, her hand. Guys know when we cum, it gets too intense after the initial spurting. I had to stop her. It’s literally pleasure overload. But she wouldn’t stop. And I couldn’t get hold of her to stop her. I was pleading, laughing. Now her nylons felt even more electric, if that were even possible. But it was possible. Still pumping on my shaft like a machine. Still stroking the length of my leg and under my nuts. My body was pulsating in pleasure. She took pity and softened up a bit. I was hugging her to stop her, but let her do as much as I could take. I really did like the torture.When we were done, we laid there. I told he how amazing that was. She took off her pantyhose and threw them at me. Said I should hold on to them for the week and think about what she did to me.