“If it isn’t obvious, I intend to seduce you tonight,” Annabelle said in a sultry voice.“Consider me thoroughly seduced already,” Gideon replied in a voice deepened by desire.Annabelle smirked and said in a voice barely above a whisper, “Then it’s time I serve dessert.”ReadPart 1 of the series here!**********Atta Girl – Part 2**********Dinner was hot.Sure, the food was warm, and even a little spicy. But the real heat came from the smoldering looks of unbridled lust, and the unspoken knowledge they shared. Very shortly, they knew they’d be tangled together, lost in the carnal ecstasy of mating. Both spouses were ready to pound each other like animals, and were barely holding themselves back. Both knew that about themselves and each other. And both embraced it.Annabelle asked teasingly, “Are you feeling ok? You seem a little… distracted.”Gideon smirked and asked, “Am I not supposed to be distracted?”“No, silly,” Annabelle bantered back flirtatiously. “You’re supposed to be present and focused.”“Well I’m definitely focused on something,” Gideon said with a heavy dose of innuendo. “It’s just hard to choose which of the two somethings to focus on…”Annabelle pulled her flannel open a little further. It was truly a miracle that her breasts hadn’t fallen out of that tiny half-cup bra yet! She almost wished they would. They seemed to have a mind of their own and yearned to be free, to have Gideon’s adoring mouth suckle on them tenderly and send jolts of pleasure through them straight down to her clit.All throughout dinner, Gideon couldn’t keep his eyes off her breasts for more than a few seconds. It showed that he really did think she was hot, and that made her happy. She was going to be his dessert tonight, and the way he gazed at her with such heat in his eyes truly make her feel like a treat.Gideon’s approving and openly lustful gaze gave Annabelle confidence that she wouldn’t have otherwise had, and she felt secure enough to show off for him. Throughout dinner, she would periodically shift her posture or stretch in a certain way that thrust her barely-clothed chest forward, accentuating her breasts even more. She was pretty sure that one especially exaggerated stretch made one of her barely-hidden nipples peek out for a moment.Annabelle may have been the one doing the teasing, but as the meal dragged on, she felt like she wasn’t only teasing Gideon—she was teasing herself too. Between her daring outfit, her seductive intentions, and Gideon’s obvious and unrestrained desire for her, she felt absolutelyhot.The meal finally came to an end, and Annabelle worked alongside Gideon to do some minimal kitchen cleanup, doing as little as they reasonably could. It was a Friday night, so they had the weekend to clean up. And frankly, when sex was on the menu, kitchen cleanup could wait.Annabelle wanted to keep her plan moving. She’d intended to drive her husband wild with desire, then smother him with sex—and that was definitely still her intention—but now she was just as crazy with barely-contained desire as he was.She led Gideon by the hand to the couch in the dimly lit living room. He raised an eyebrow at the suspiciously-placed soft towel over the couch. She ignored him. It spoiled the mystery of her intentions a bit—obviously she planned to make a mess on the couch—but not having to worry about getting cum stains out of the couch later made enjoying the moment so much easier.But before getting to the fun of making messes, there was still a little more teasing to do.Annabelle had Gideon sit on the couch, pulled his T-shirt off, left his jeans on, and planted one kiss in the center of his now-bare chest.She then sat next to him sideways, stretched out along the couch lengthwise, with her legs in Gideon’s lap.Gideon needed no instruction, and began softly caressing her bare legs.Annabelle had planned to continue forcing a little more small talk and flirting, but she waswaytoo horny at this point. Her last intentions of conversation vanished as she felt his hands work their foreplay on her body. She could feel both heartfelt cherishing and carnal lust through his touch on her legs, and both feelings stoked the fire in her core.His fingertips felt electric on her skin—brushing the tops of her bare feet, her smooth calves, the ticklish backs of her knees, and her thighs, left exposed by her scandalously short shorts.She involuntarily made a slight gasp of anticipation as his fingers crept up one leg of her shorts, tickling her inner thigh. She wondered if he could feel the unbelievable heat of arousal radiating from just inches beyond his adventurous fingertips.Her soft moan drew Gideon’s eyes back up from her bare legs to her face. His all-too-familiar smirk of satisfaction told her that she must really look intoxicated with arousal. Knowing that only aroused her more.With a complete lack of inhibition, Annabelle yanked the flannel further open and pulled her bra down past her nipples, finally granting partial freedom to her poor breasts. They had been yearning to be released from their barely-adequate confines since before Gideon had even walked in the door.Predictably, Gideon no longer held her gaze as Annabelle revealed two of her most attractive treasures. Now it was her turn to display a satisfied smirk.She doubled down on her show by cupping each breast with one hand and brushing over her erect and sensitive nipples with her thumbs. She shuddered and groaned at the sudden thrill of pleasure that ran through her body from her sensitive little buds. Her head dropped back and her eyes fluttered closed momentarily.But she soon looked back up to see Gideon staring beams of lust back into her eyes.“Enough playing around,” Annabelle said before she even realized it. She was already moving toward Gideon. In seconds, she was straddling his lap, boobs bulging out of her lingerie bra, ass nearly hanging out of her shorts, her entrancing blue eyes gazing into her lover’s deep brown ones from inches away. Her long, brown hair cascaded down just below her breasts, far enough to tickle Gideon’s bare chest with a feather-light touch.“If it isn’t obvious, I intend to seduce you tonight,” Annabelle said in a sultry voice.“Consider me thoroughly seduced already,” Gideon replied in a voice deepened by desire.Annabelle smirked and said in a voice barely above a whisper, “Then it’s time I serve dessert.”But she couldn’t help but tease him more. She leaned into kiss him, but held her lips barely an inch away from his. He leaned up to try to meet her lips, but she put one hand on his chest to hold him back. He could have easily overpowered her, but he didn’t.Good, he knows who’s in charge tonight,Annabelle thought with satisfaction.She let her lips brush his for just a moment, then pulled back.Gideon groaned in frustration, but that groan was smothered as Annabelle immediately crushed her lips against his in a sudden, overpowering assault.They kissed frantically, as if trying to communicate all their adoration and ferocious desire through that one intimate act.After a few long moments of passion, the intensity somehow became a little more tender. Annabelle broke the kiss and drew back just far enough to look her lover in the eyes.Say it now,she thought.This will be the last chance you have before you both lose yourselves to passion completely.Intentionally putting her seduction on hold for a moment—with considerable difficulty—she changed tone and spoke as a grateful wife. She reached out a hand and softly caressed her husband’s face, feeling where his smooth cheek met his neatly-kept, manly facial hair.“Gideon,” she began in a soft voice. “You always make me feel loved. You make me feel desired. You make me feel hot. You always pursue me. Tonight, I want to show thatIwant to pursueyou. I want to makeyoufeel desired. I want to makeyoufeel hot. I want to makeyoufeel loved. Because I do love you, Gideon—passionately. And I do think you’re hot.” She added a little eyebrow wiggle. “I desire you. Desperately. And I want to show it. So…”She pressed her breasts against his bare chest, gazed into his eyes, and whispered, soft but commanding: “I’m going to make sure you know you aremine. Don’t youdareresist me.”“Oh, ‘Belle,” Gideon said, voice full of desire. “I couldn’t resist you even if I wanted to…” The desire in his voice deepened to complete lust. “And I certainly donotwant to resist you.”Annabelle smiled and said, “Then let go and feel my love.” A stayed right where she was, her ass planted firmly in his lap, breasts resting seductively against his chest, and leaned in to kiss him again. Following their romantic exchange, the kiss was slow and sensual at first, but very quickly grew more passionate.Annabelle’s hands wandered across her husband’s deliciously bare chest, finding their way to his nipples. She’d discovered—through his instruction, and through her own exploration—that they were very sexually receptive. Sure enough, as her fingers gently brushed both of his nipples at the same time, he moaned with pleasure right into her mouth. Shelovedmaking him moan into her mouth. There was something indescribably intimate and erotic about it.Underneath her, she felt a growing hardness in Gideon’s lap, straining up against her.Annabelle broke the kiss and teased, “Poor boy. It must be uncomfortable to have that big cock all stuffed in those jeans.” Without waiting for any acknowledgement, she stood up and began working his pants off. She made it sexy by looking flirtatiously into his eyes, but still made quick work of the jeans. Gideon lifted himself slightly to help the process, and in moments, pants and boxer briefs alike were off and tossed aside, leaving his engorged manhood fully exposed for her enjoyment. Gideon was now left totally naked, while Annabelle still wore most of her clothing, albeit clothing that hid almost nothing.“There, is that better?” Annabelle asked.“Yes, baby,” Gideon breathed.Annabelle knelt in front of the couch and took Gideon’s fully erect manhood in her hand. “Look how big your cock is, baby,” she marveled. “Is this all for me?” She stroked lightly.“Ohhh, yes, baby. You’re such a hot little minx, you make my cock so big for you.”“Mmmh, Ilovehow big you get for me.”With that, Annabelle leaned forward and gave a slow, sloppy lick from the base of his shaft all the way to the head, which made him groan in pleasure. With a little effort, Annabelle opened her mouth wide enough to take half of his length between her lips.Gideon’s size wasn’t some freak of nature, but Annabelle also wasn’t some porn star or super wife who could deepthroat on demand. However, what she lacked in special sexual skills, she was determined to make up for in enthusiasm.She hummed around the cock filling her mouth, partly to create pleasurable vibrations for her lover, and partly as an expression of her own enjoyment. She loved Gideon, and she loved giving him such intimate pleasure. And based on the rhythmic writhing of his body and the masculine sounds of pleasure, her efforts were having precisely the intended effect.Annabelle sensually used her lips and tongue to toy with the special plaything in front of her, keeping a slow and steady pace, often gazing up into Gideon’s eyes, her own full of desire. It felt so vulnerable to be seen in such a submissive posture, with her mouth full of his manhood. And yet paradoxically, she felt unbelievably powerful, having the ability to incapacitate this man with pleasure using just a few tiny, gentle motions.She moaned softly as she suckled on him. While she received no direct sexual pleasure from pleasuring him with her mouth, it turned her on so much that she couldn’t help but vocalize her arousal.As she played, she also caressed his legs and gently massaged his balls between her fingers, occasionally pulling and cupping them as she had leaned he liked. She was rewarded with a near-constant stream of sounds of pleasure from her lover, which in turn aroused her even more. She was very aware of her swollen pussy and soaked panties.This whole situation turned her on so much! Having been raised conservatively in virtually every sense, including sexual, Annabelle thought it felt sodeliciouslytaboo to feel herself getting so horny from stuffing her face with her husband’s cock.Suddenly, she felt the need to be more naked.Annabelle reluctantly released her lover from her mouth, and wriggled out of her flannel and bra, leaving her topless.She stood up so Gideon could watch as she removed her shorts, turning it into a brief striptease as she slowly revealed her beautiful ass, clad in the lacy black panties.He just watched her with wild desire in his eyes, clearly wanting to express his irresistible attraction and love, but said nothing, and only stared at her intensely, sultry and smoldering. He’d explained to Annabelle before that sometimes he didn’t speak because of the utter inadequacy of language to express his feelings. Annabelle felt both honored and aroused to be the object of such powerful attraction and affection.Now free of all clothing but the tiny panties, Annabelle was eager to turn her attention back to her masculine prize.“Your big cock tastes so good, baby… But I know what would make it taste even better.”She climbed into her previous position, straddling Gideon’s lap. With one hand, she pulled her soaked panties to the side, revealing her heated womanhood and the closely-trimmed garden of soft hair that surrounded it. Then with the other hand, with practiced ease, she took hold of his powerfully firm shaft, held it at just the right angle, and lowered herself onto him, spreading her pussy wide open with his thick head.Both lovers simultaneously groaned in satisfaction at the sensation of becoming one flesh.Annabelle felt Gideon’s hands on her, one groping the ass he loved so much, and another on the back of her head, pulling her in for a desperately passionate kiss. She kissed him back as she rocked down onto his cock in a series of short strokes, stretching open her warm and wet pussy little by little as his length slid deeper.“Oh, my God,” Annabelle moaned, her lips right against his. “You’re so big in my tight little pussy, baby. Mmmh.”“Annabelle, you feel amazing, baby!” That was all he managed to say before forcing her into another passionate, messy kiss, which she embraced wholeheartedly.She finally stretched open far enough to touch her ass to his lap—he was fully inside her. She always felt so full, so deeply penetrated when her ass met his lap.Their lips stayed joined as Annabelle began to ride him up and down, slowly and sensually. She raised up only an inch or two before sliding back down to settle her ass in his lap again.Gideon matched her rhythm and thrust back up against her slightly, synchronizing their bodies in the erotic dance of intoxicated lovers. His hands roamed her whole body, stroking her bare legs, sides and back, firmly gripping her gorgeous ass as it rose and fell in his lap, caressing her neck and face, and even brushing and pinching her erect nipples.He felt so good—deep inside her and touching all over her—that she almost decided to just stay there and ride him to completion… but no, not yet.There was something else she wanted first.She reluctantly dismounted, slowly extracting his entire length from her body. They both watched as Gideon’s thick, masculine shaft emerged from between her slick, swollen labia, right beside the displaced fabric of her pushed-aside panties. The length of his cock just kept coming and coming, inch after throbbing inch, until finally it slipped out and fell back against his belly with a wet slap.Without a word, Annabelle dismounted and knelt in front of him again, his cock now slick with her own creamy juices. She gazed lustfully into his eyes and took his woman-coated cock into her mouth again. She moaned at the eroticism of her own tangy taste on his warm firmness. She thought she tasted a hint of his pre-cum mixed in with her copious cream.She pulled her mouth away from her feast just long enough to say, “Mmmh, baby, your cock tastes so good after it’s been in my creamy pussy…” Then she immediately enveloped him again.“Uuuhhhh, baby,” Gideon groaned. “That’ssohot, Annabelle. I love how you lick up your own hot cream.”Annabelle didn’t say a word, but kept her mouth full and simply wiggled her eyebrows at him.“‘Belle, if you keep that up, you’re going to make me come,” he warned.She slowed her movements and came to a stop—but only long enough to look him straight in the eyes, and then pointedly resumed her efforts.She hoped her message was clear:Come for me, baby. I want your pleasure to fill my mouth. I love you and I want to be the cause of your ecstasy!Gideon’s fingers wove into her hair, not directing her movements, but just gently holding her head as she bobbed on his cock. Her eyes drifted closed at his tender touch on her scalp, relaxing deeply, with nothing at all in her mind except the intent to bring her love to an ecstatic release.“Ohh, ‘Belle! Annabelle, oh, my God, yes! Yes, baby! Don’t stop, don’t stop, you gorgeous minx.”Annabelle’s heart swelled with pride as she heard and felt her lover begin to lose his faculties to the overwhelming pleasure she was giving him. There was something unbelievably erotic about the moment she opened her eyes again, looking up into his intoxicated gaze, feeling his cock swell in her mouth, and sensing the crest of his orgasm as he crossed that point of no return and fell into ecstasy.Their eyes remained locked for several seconds as his orgasm rose through his body, then finally overpowered him. His eyes squeezed closed, his whole body tensed, and his head fell back on the couch as he groaned deeply.Annabelle let her eyes close again too, savoring the feeling of his smooth, firm manhood with her warm, swirling tongue, and delighting in the masculine sounds of orgasm.Then she felt that first forceful explosion. She milked and massaged him, encouraging his masculine essence to fill her body, welcoming his release into herself. As his body took over and he uncontrollably, reflexively filled her mouth, she moaned approvingly. She knew he loved her moans. The ones she made now were for his enjoyment, yes, but they were also completely genuine moans born of her own pleasure, from the sheer eroticism of the moment.Having her mouth already filled to capacity by a swollen, throbbing cock made it hard to swallow all the masculine essence it gushed. But that was fine, because she knew Gideon enjoyed it even more when shedidn’tswallow, but instead let it make a mess all over her. And what a mess she made: her lips got coated with cum, some dribbled out down his shaft, and she made sure to position herself just right and let his ejaculation escape her mouth in a way that she drooled it down her chin and onto her breasts.With practiced precision, she slowed her oral stimulation to a tender pace, barely moving as Gideon’s orgasm faded and the post-orgasm phase of pleasure set in. She knew he felt so deeply loved when she treated him tenderly in the moments after orgasm, and that’sexactlyhow she wanted to make him feel tonight.Gently suckling on his slowly-softening member was such an intimate experience. As much as she loved making him cream her pussy, bringing him to completion in her mouth felt even more intimate in some ways.After several blissful minutes, she finally released him from her mouth, stood, leaned over, and kissed him.Annabelle felt as much as heard as his moan vibrated through her lips. She knew he could taste himself in her mouth, and that thought drove her wild.As she climbed up to straddle him again, Gideon sighed, “I love you, Annabelle. You’re amazing.”Annabelle smiled. “I love you too.” She settled her ass in his lap again and continued kissing him.He would need a few minutes before he could go again, but she was eager to get a head start on the next part of their exciting evening.To be continued in Part 3.