My husband and I were both raised Christian, but we have some Jewish heritage too, and sometimes we enjoy incorporating a bit of the wisdom of our ancestors into our lives and our marriage. For instance, in a Jewish marriage, sex is the wife’s right that her husband cannot deny her. He also has an obligation to satisfy her in bed. It’s good to keep the old traditions alive, says this wife.From the moment I woke up lasy Saturday, all I could think about was how much I wanted my husband. I decided to make his husbandly obligations easy for him this time. After showering, I selected some of the skimpy underwear that he enjoys seeing on me and wore leggings over them.Now, I am on the smaller/thinner side. Voluptuous is not a word you could use to describe me, but my butt does have a nice shape, and my husband is very turned on by the sight of it. I am also pretty modest; wearing leggings out of the house is not a normal thing for me, so I knew it would excite him even more to get to see my butt all day.After getting dressed, I walked into the kitchen and began unloading the dishwasher, pretending to not notice my husband’s gaze follow me every time I bent over to put something away. After a few minutes, I heard him come up behind me.He grabbed my hips roughly and began to grind against me, his lips on my neck just below my ear. I gave a small sigh of pleasure and leaned back into him, but he quickly pulled away.“Two can play at that game,” he said, grinning.I see.For the rest of the day, I made it a point to brush up against him every opportunity I got, and he responded by groping or slapping my butt every time he was in range. The tension was at a breaking point by the time we got the kids to bed and the chores completed that evening. I was ready to demand what was owed to me as wife, but I quickly realized that would not be necessary.I walked into the bedroom to find my husband already fully undressed and lying on the bed, stroking his erection. I said nothing but stripped down to just my G-string, and I heard his breathing get heavier as I did.I climbed onto the bed beside him, but he quickly turned me over so I was lying on my stomach and straddled my legs. I heard him get out the coconut oil and moaned softly as he began massaging me. He must have sensed some tension in my lower back and butt, as his hands spent a lot of time in these areas. I did not complain.Before long, I wanted more of him than just his hands, so I turned over and pulled him down on top of me. We kissed for a few minutes, but then his lips moved on to my neck, my breasts, and down further. I gasped as he kissed and licked me through the front of the G-string. The sensation was different and new, and I liked it. Between my moans and my bucking hips, he got the message and continued. It did not take much more of this before I came, my fingers wrapped tightly in his hair.He then moved up next to me and began to kiss me again. But before he could make a move, I decided to take the lead. I pushed him onto his back and, still wearing the G-string, I straddled him in reverse cowgirl so he could get a good view. As I lowered myself onto him, he moaned loudly.“I’m going to come so quickly this way,” he warned, but I didn’t care. I began to move, enjoying the feeling of him inside me.It was only a few minutes before he grabbed my hips roughly and pulled me down hard, burying himself deep as he came with a very primal groan of pleasure. The intensity and forcefulness of his grip on me was hot, I have to admit, and that combined with the feeling of him emptying himself into me pushed me over the edge to a second orgasm. By the end of it, my arms were too weak to hold me up anymore. I gently curled up in the crook of his arm, enjoying his warmth and nearness as our breathing slowly returned to normal.And thus, I am happy to report that my husband fulfilled his duties to a now very satisfied wife.