I have no idea what compelled me to ask my wife such a question on that early spring afternoon.She was lying on the couch wearing shorts, no socks, and a cotton T-shirt. She was reading a book. We are both avid readers.As I walked by, I noticed the rose tattoo that was just above her right ankle. My wife got “inked” in honor of the one-year anniversary of the passing of her mother. That was a few years ago.The tattoo was not noticeable unless my wife was wearing a dress shorter than her calves and no socks. Of course, I always kiss the tattoo when “I am in the neighborhood” for other reasons. If you know what I mean.So the spontaneous question I asked was, “Are you ever going to get another tattoo?” It is not a question we talk about or she mentions. Again not sure why I asked, but I did.My wife stopped reading and looked at me with a raised eyebrow.“I have never thought about it,” she said. “Do you think I should?”“Your choice. But I think some tattoos on a woman do look sexy. In the appropriate places of course.”“Define appropriate place.”“Happy to.”My wife put the bookmark in her book and set it aside. I helped her off the couch so we were both standing.“Somehow this is going to lead to something,” she said.“Heaven forbid,” said I.I turned my wife around so her back was facing me.“Now if you were asking me where another tattoo could go,” I said, “I would start here.”I pulled her shirt off her right shoulder and kissed her right shoulder blade. “An ideal location that I would kiss every night.”“Mmmmm,” was her reply.I dropped down to my knees and lifted her shirt. I kissed a site near her waist. Proceeding down, I again kissed both sides of her tush through her shorts. After rising again, I turned my wife around and said, “Those are all good, private, intimate locations. Tattoos would look good there.”My wife’s eyes sparkled. “But I am guessing those are not the only sites you have considered.”“Heaven forbid,” said I.My wife sat back on the couch. Kneeling down, I moved closer to her.“Now perhaps a tattoo could go here,” I said, kissing a spot through her shirt underneath her right collarbone.Moving downward, I found a soft spot above her right breast. I kissed it.“Now if I did that, I would be remiss if I did not do this,” as I lowered my mouth onto the fabric covering her breast. I sucked her nipple until it started to rise.“You could put this tattoo on either the right or left side,” I said.“Good thing to know,” said my wife who had started to run her fingers through my hair.I move down again to an area down by her waist. “Another good spot for a tattoo,” I said, “because I could move over and do this…” I kissed the scar from her C-section.My wife gasped.“And then the two final sites are options,” I said. My head moved down to her thighs, where I kissed the bare inside skin of her right thigh and then the same location on her left thigh.“Of course if a tattoo was in either location, it wouldn’t be right if I didn’t pay my respects here.” And I kissed softly but firmly the middle of my wife’s shorts between her legs. I kissed that area for a long time.My wife use her hands to keep me in place. I looked up to see my wife’s head lying on the back of the couch and eyes closed.After a final kiss, I pulled away. My wife’s eyes opened and she raised her head.“So you see,” I said looking at her, “lots of options for your consideration.” I started to get up.My wife smiled. “I will take all of this under advisement if I ever decide to get another tattoo, and I encourage you to visit those areas on a regular basis. But first…”And my wife lifted her hips off the couch, pulling her shorts and underwear down her long legs and tossing them aside. She spread legs providing easy access to her sacred chamber. My wife guided me back down onto my knees and started to bring my head closer to her middle. She settled back onto the couch.“Since you were there, you might as well finish what you started. I hate to miss an opportunity like this.”“Heaven forbid,” said I.