I needed her that night, and I told her so.It had been a long, tough, disruptive day at work. Too much work, too much drama, too much exhaustion.My wife beat me home from work. When I walked in the door, she saw me and she knew. My wife came over, hugged me and said, “Sorry.”We ate dinner in relative silence. My wife tried to cheer me up, talking about the kids, grandkids, and funny things that had happened during the day. Little response from me.Throughout the evening, we held hands and she cuddled closely to me. She stroked my leg. We watched television, but I didn’t really watch.“What can I do?” she asked.“Just be here,” I replied.As the night wound down, my wife went to bed. Still depressed, I turned off the lights, locked the doors and headed to bed.The bedroom door was closed. A soft light could be seen under the door. Nothing different from any other night.But I walked into the light and… there she was, sitting on the corner of the bed.My wife was nude, legs crossed at the knee and her arms were in an X, covering her breasts. Her auburn hair fell on her shoulders. She had sprayed on her favorite perfume. She smiled.“If this doesn’t help, I have lost my touch,” she said. Then, my wife dropped her arms, revealing her breasts. She uncrossed her legs and spread them wide.I started to feel the growth in my pants.  It grew even more as I watched her stroke her clit.“Get over here and end this day the right way,” she instructed, leaning back, her finger still stroking her clit.I quickly undressed, freeing my erection. “I really needed this,” I said, walking to my wife. “Thank you for helping me feel valued again.”Bending down between her legs, we stroked her clit together, the wetness starting to increase at her entrance. I sucked the taste off her finger. I gradually moved my finger into her entrance. She moved her lower body as I sunk deeper into her chamber.I kept my finger in her, moving it back and forth as I kissed her inner thighs and the area above her light pubic hair.Finally, I removed my finger smelling of her private scent. I gently slid her to the edge of the bed, spreading wide her legs.I looked at my dear. Her eyes were closed and she was massaging her nipples.“May I?” I asked.“I would be disappointed if you didn’t,” she whispered back.Moving my head back down to between her legs, I started to lick her clit—slow, big tongue licks, taking my time to revel in the taste. My pace sped up as my wife’s moans grew louder and her breath shorter. Her hand pushed my head deeper into her chamber.I kept going, knowing she was close. But my wife put her hand on my shoulder and pleaded, “Stop, please. I need you up here.”Ending my time between her legs with a last kiss on her clit, I got up, slid her to the top of the bed, and joined her on the bed.My wife was dabbing tears that had formed at the corner of her eyes.“Did I hurt you?” I asked, concerned that I had.She shook her head. “Not at all. I just wanted to bring joy into your life on such a rotten day.”I took her face into my hands, and we kissed deeply. Our tongues played with each other.“You have definitely done that. Thank you.”My wife reached down and touched my engorged penis. She traced the throbbing vein that ran the length of it.”How do you want me?” she whispered as she stroked my erection.I moved my night’s salvation to the middle of the bed. I put two pillows under her head, the positioned her legs wide, bent at the knee.Kneeling between her legs, I moved up her body, sucking each nipple, and then kissed her on the lips.Looking into her hazel eyes, I whispered, “I need to watch you.” I put her hand on my erection, and she did the honors, sliding me into her.We both gasped as I pushed into her. As I settled into my wife, we kissed again. Our eyes were focused on each other.I moved slowly, in and out. The tip of my penis reached the edge of her entrance before I plunged deep into her again. I picked up the pace as the strokes got shorter.We never took our eyes off of each other. We could hear the noise of me slapping against her entrance.“I love you, my dear,” I said. “I love you so much.”My wife put her arms around my neck. Her grip got tighter as she got closer to her ecstasy. I started to move quicker as I felt the surge of growth in my groin.I watched my wife’s eyes as she cried out and hung onto my neck, her orgasm washing over her.As she kept watching me, her eyes encouraged me to join her, I grabbed her hands, cried out, and emptied my stream into her. My body shook.I buried my head into her shoulder as she rubbed my back. Once our breathing resumed, I pulled my head back up and looked at my beloved.“Hey, now you are the one crying,” she said with a smile.“Only tears of gratitude,” I replied. “Once again, you have saved me.”