It been a long cold winter, and my husband and I needed a break from the snow and cold. Having just arrived at our beach villa last night after a long flight, my husband was still sleeping in this morning. I awoke with the sun, eager to explore the area and hit the warm, sunny beach. Dressing in my sports bra and running shorts only—I decided against wearing panties for this vacation—I laced up my running shoes and quietly slipped outside.Our resort villa was tucked away by itself and only steps from the semi-private beach. Soon I was running in the sand along the shore, enjoying the warm air and breeze. It was heavenly after the months that we had endured in the cold Midwest weather back home. After a couple of miles, I turned and made my way back.As I approached our villa, I saw my handsome husband wearing only his swimsuit, sitting in a hammock stretched between two palm trees. Two coffees sat on the small table beside him. His blue eyes sparkled in the sun, and his smile showed me his elation.“Hey, babe, I made you a coffee,” he said.I was sweating from my run. “I want to cool off first, okay?” I said as I untied my shoelaces and stripped off my sports bra and shorts to go skinny dipping in the water.My husband watched me, surprised and delighted as I slipped into the water. When I turned around, I could see the bulge in his shorts that demonstrated his approval. Before long, he removed his shorts, followed me into the warm, clear water, and swam up behind me, his hard cock bobbing in the waves. I ached for him to stick it between my ass cheeks and rub me hard.I backed up to him, and he reached around to grasp my breasts with his hands, pinching and rubbing my nipples while I straddled his dick. I was so hot for him that I wanted him inside me right then.“Let’s go back to the villa,” he whispered, and we made our way back to the sand, picking up our clothes on our way inside.Inside he pushed me onto the bed, and I spread my legs as wide as I could. I was dripping wet, both inside and out, and I couldn’t wait for him to explode inside me.“Fuck me hard, babe. Do it now,” I yelled. He thrust inside, and I felt my throbbing cunt squeeze around his dick while my juices dripped down his shaft. “FUCK ME HARD! Do it, babe. Do it now!” I called out again.We both came together in a wet writhing pile on the bed. Afterward, we looked at each other in the eyes and he said, “Now that’s a great way to start the day!”After toweling off and reheating our coffee, we returned to the hammock and cuddled there. The day stretched ahead, and we were so relaxed. We planned our afternoon and decided to go explore another nearby beach later that day.Later…The sun was high in the sky as we lay on a towel on the sand. After drinking a beer (for him) and a margarita (for me), we relaxed and almost fell asleep. But the heat and sun were making me horny, and I just longed for my husband to untie the top of my string bikini and suck on my nipples right there on the beach.I reached over and put my hand down the front of my husband’s swimsuit, fondling and stroking his dick as it became harder and harder. I really wanted him to untie my suit now, and I whispered in his ear, begging him to do so.He rolled to his side and pulled off my top, revealing my hard firm nipples. They wanted his lips so badly! He began to suck on first one and then the other while I continued to stroke his firm, growing cock. I was so wet; my juices were pouring out of my pussy.Then, while still sucking and licking my breast and nipples, he slid his hand down my swimsuit bottoms and rubbed my soft, smooth pussy.It felt like heaven when he slid his fingers inside and began to finger fuck me right there on the beach. I could not contain my pleasure, and as he sucked and fucked me, I wiggled and writhed and begged for more until I was over the top and came all over his hand.My husband pulled his hand out of my suit and licked his fingers, smiling at me in the sun.Quickly, I rolled over and began sucking his long, hard dick. I couldn’t get my mouth on him fast enough, licking, sucking, teasing with my tongue, and finally jerking him off. My husband moaned and groaned and writhed in the sun as he came in my mouth.After getting dressed, we decided to rinse off in the ocean before heading back to our resort for dinner. The sun, sand, surf, and sex had worked up an appetite in both of us. We both agreed that this was a perfect start to our anniversary Mexico vacation.