(L) – This story contains strong language.“I need you to fuck me good before I leave,” I typed, and hit send on my way to lunch.I was flying out to help my mom after her surgery the following day, and I couldn’t help but let my thoughts wander while sitting in my office. I glanced over to the wall to check the time, and it wasn’t even 11am yet. Waiting for Hubby to reply to my dirty text got me turned on, and I opted to head to the disabled bathroom to get some privacy. As soon as I got to the bathroom, I lifted up my dress and propped up my left leg on the sink. I watched my horny self in the mirror as I pulled hardened nipples out of my top to play with them. I felt dirty, but the almost-empty office and my wet pussy helped me to relax.With my satin midi skirt hiked to my waist and my boobs spilling out of a white body suit, I looked like I was ready for a secretary role play! But unfortunately, Hubby was in his office on the other side of the city. I didn’t want him to miss this view, so I snapped him a couple of mirror selfies. I scrolled through them to choose my favorite one. I zoomed in on them and saw how my pussy lips were wet. I couldn’t help but rub my clit a little. “Fuck, I have a meeting in 15,” I thought to myself, but rather than stopping, my fingers just picked up the pace and rubbed my clit faster.Moans started to slip between my lips, and I tilted my head back, just letting my pussy enjoy my fingers. My mind was full of things I wanted Hubby to do to me tonight at home. I wanted Hubby to stand next to me as I lay on our bed. I imagined I was sucking him and he was fingering me. I wanted him to hold my hips and spank me while fucking me in doggy style. I wanted to ride his face and coat his face with my cum. I wanted him to finish by titty-fucking me, and cumming on my tits and my tongue. I missed Hubby so bad and wanted him right then and there.I felt my pussy start pulsating and wrapping around my fingers, and I so badly wanted Hubby to be a part of this somehow. I speed dialed Hubby on FaceTime and propped the phone against the mirror before I got back to work on my pussy. My right middle and ring finger went back to ramming against my G spot and my left hand kneaded hard on my boobs. I heard a faint “Hi, Babe,” on my AirPod, which quickly turned into ah “Oooh” of approval. I immediately enjoyed masturbating so much more, knowing Hubby was watching.“You are my hot slut,” I heard him say. “You couldn’t wait until the evening, could you? Let me see you rub that clit,” he said through a grin.I had my eyes closed in rapture. I loved to hear Hubby tell me what to do.“Yes, Baby, cum for me!” That was all the encouragement I needed. My hips started to gyrate and quiet moans filled the bathroom as I came on my fingers.“Lick those fingers clean for me, Baby,” Hubby instructed. I let him watch with a close-up view as I sucked and licked my cum off of my fingers and hands, all the way to my wrists, where it had dripped.With only five minutes to spare, I blew Hubby a kiss and hung up. I sprayed room refresher all over the bathroom, straightened out my clothes, and walked back to my office with a sopping wet pussy to take the Zoom call with my clients.But the only thing I could think of was Hubby taking me as soon as I got home.