My wife and I have a pretty good sex life, but it could be more interesting. We tried several different types of adult toys to liven up our sex. She doesn’t like the intensity of vibrators, even the adjustable ones. But she really enjoys the clit stimulators.My next try was to introduce my wife to dildos.  I knew that she had some really big cocks before we met and she told me she enjoys a big cock.  So I purchased aJohn Holmes UR3 dildoand set it aside for the right moment.That moment came soon as several days later my wife went out with her friends to a Bachelorette party that ended up in a male strip club.  When she returned home that  night she was extremely horny and headed straight to our bedroom for some seriously  hot sex.We engaged in some stimulating foreplay when I asked her if I could try using a big dildo on her.  She was exceptionally worked up and said fine, she wanted some cock and wanted it now! So I lubricated both the dildo and her pussy,  I started to rub the dildo against her pussy while I licked and sucked her clit. She exploded in a massive climax, pressed hard against the dildo, enabling it to enter her pussy.As it slid in deeper, she started moaning loudly and saying “Oh yes, yes give it to me.”Soon she had most of the dildo buried deep in her pussy. She experienced another huge climax followed minutes later by several smaller ones. She was enthralled with the sensations she was getting from that huge dildo.  Her facial expressions showed she was in sexual ecstasy and sounds she was making were hot as all get out.She must have had a dozen orgasms while I used the dildo on her.  She was in total sexual bliss.  She’d finally had enough after a good twenty minutes and said so. I took sloppy seconds and it was wonderful,  I love sex with a well used pussy.Afterwards we talked and she went on and on about how wonderful the dildo felt, how full her pussy was, and how satisfying the whole session was. She then asked me exactly what I used on her, so I showed her.  When she saw the dildo, her jaw hit the floor.She exclamation “No Way! There’s no way that huge thing fit in my pussy.”I informed her that it most certainly did and very nicely at that. She initially looked at me with complete disbelief but had to accept that it did.We tried it again with the same results.  So now she requires that I use it on her all the time. It’s really spiced up our sex. It’s exciting and hot for the both of us. I recommend trying a big dildo on your wife for some over the top fun. Just don’t show it to her until after you use it. But get her permission to try it.