“Mmmm, yes, baby—suck it! Suck my cock!” Ben groaned as I hungrily sucked him.My hand held the bottom of his dick, and I licked and sucked the head. I swirled my tongue around the head and up and down his shaft, then I took him into my mouth and sucked some more.  He moaned his approval.“Feel good, baby? God, you’re so big and hard. Can’t wait till I feel it in my pussy. Would you like that, baby? Wanna fuck me, daddy?” I said softly,  then began sucking him again.  It was only three in the afternoon, perfect for some naughty pleasures.As I have said before, I so love and desire my husband. I love everything about him, and he does me as well.  I love his personality and his charming smile. Then there’s the love he has for our children and grandchildren and his love for and faith in our Lord. His dark brown eyes are piercing and make me melt when he looks at me a certain way.  He is so handsome and has a yummy physique for a man his age.“Your gonna make me cum! Ohhhhh Gina, I’m gonna cu-cum—mmmmmph!” Ben growled as his body tensed.He held my head down on his dick as it throbbed. His baby gravy spurted in my mouth and down my throat. I continued sucking him until his cock began to soften. Swallowing as much as I could until he relaxed, I noticed his breathing was ragged.I kissed my way up his body, then kissed him on the lips. My tongue still had a coating of his cum and the taste of his cock as it slipped into his mouth. We kissed for several minutes. I moaned softly as I slipped my hand between my legs and touched my wet cunt. I hadn’t orgasmed yet and so yearned for release.“Baby, you’ve made me so wet!” I said as I brought my wet fingers up to his mouth.He licked them clean. He then pushed me over onto my back and began to kiss his way down my body slowly. A slight shiver coursed over me as I felt his warm breath on my pussy. He kissed my inner thighs lightly, then kissed the moist lips of my cunt.“Mmmmmm!” I moaned as he ran his tongue in and around my swollen wet pussy. I continued to frig my clit as he began to eat me out.“Yessss!! Yesssss, feels so good! Ohhhhhh, baby!”God, I love how he eats my pussy! He is so good at it and knows how to use his mouth and tongue. I opened my pussy lips with my fingers, allowing him perfect access to my hardened clit. I squealed as he began to flick his tongue over it again and again.” YESSSSS! OHHHHHHHH. FUUUUUUUCK. B-BA-Babyyyyyyy!” I cried and arched my back as I exploded in orgasm.With his mouth glistening from my juices, Ben got up on his knees between my legs. He smiled devilishly at me. Spitting into his hand, he grasped his semi-erect cock and started stroking himself. With his other hand, he inserted one, then two, then three fingers inside me and began finger-fucking me. I moaned and resumed rubbing, masturbating my clit as I watched the erotic sight before me.He doesn’t like for me to talk about his size, but damn! That cock. I can’t get enough of his cock! That beautiful, pussy-pleasing, throbbing cock. After all these years, I yearn for it, desire it… whatever you want to call it. I love holding it, stroking it, sucking it, and damn sure love fucking it. The idea of having his dick buried deep inside my pussy still makes me shiver and gets me 0h-so-wet.Ben smiled at me as he began to tease my clit with his dick head.“Put it in! Baby, please give it to me! I need it, I need you to fuck me! Fuck me! Please fuck me!” I cry out in an almost animalistic tone. I pushed my cunt towards him, trying to get him to enter me.“You’re so wet! Are you my little cock whore, baby? You’re so beautiful and sexy when you’re turned on. I think I’m going to get me something to eat and leave you like this,” Ben said as he continued to rub the head of his semi-erect cock along my pussy lips and clit.“Don’t you fucking dare! Please, baby, I’m your little cock whore! Please just fuck me! Pound this pussy! Use me and fill me with your cum! Make me cum! You’re driving me fucking crazy!” I groaned as I pounded my hands on the bed.Ben smacked my cunt with his dick a couple of times, then pushed his semi-erect cock into me. I shivered and cried out as my body trembled with my second orgasm. He felt so good inside me and began moving his hips in a screwing motion. I worked my hips in rhythm to his.“Yesssssss! Yeesss, baby! You feel so fucking good! Don’t fucking stop!” I groaned. I could feel his dick hardening inside me, filling me. I was in total sexual bliss.Soon Ben began to thrust, pulling almost completely out, then thrusting in hard. He made me grunt and groan like a bitch in heat. I loved it.“Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck yessssssss! Ohhhhh baby gonna c… gonna—fuck!—cu- cu- cum again! Ben, ohhhhh, fuuuuuuuuuck!” I cried as my third orgasm hit.Ben continued to pound my pussy as I lay there panting, trying to catch my breath. I was exhausted and drained of energy. I believe it was the first time in our marriage that I have been truly fucked to exhaustion.Both of us were covered in sweat when Ben pulled out of me. His dick stood proud and glistening with my juices as he took it in his hand and started to jerk off. I smiled as I watched. His eyes shut tightly while he stroked his cock with one hand and held his balls with the other. After a minute or two,  he growled deeply, and his cum oozed from his dick onto my mound. He collapsed beside me, breathing hard.I looked over at him and smiled. My body trembled a bit, but I was one satisfied and happy wife.“I love you, baby!” I said softly.“I love you too!” Ben replied as he ran his hand through his hair, his breathing slowing.“Ready to go again?” I asked as I licked my lips in a sensuous manner.“You can’t be serious!” he said as he looked over at me. ” You trying to kill me?”I laughed and said, “Baby, I don’t think I could take any more if I wanted to!” We both laughed at that.“Thank the Lord!” Ben replied.It was indeed a fabulous fuck. Yes, Ben and I are progressing in age, but I can’t fathom our passion for one another ever dying. Lord, I hope not! I don’t think I could go on without his undying love and his wonderful cock.God bless, and stay horny y’all!Gina