Lacy’s sister’s kids have come to stay with us for a week. Don’t get me wrong—we LOVE them, but they are a handful. We have talked about having kids, and we are both hesitant at our age. Not going to lie; we love having the freedom to go and do what we want when we want. And after three days and two nights, that lack had taken its toll: Lacy was sleeping with the youngest because she was scared. I get that, but what Idon’tget is my wife in my bed. Idon’tget to fuck her. Three days without sex, and my frustration was starting to show. And I swear, I had a constant hard-on.This morning, I went for a morning run to lower my stress. But when I walked into the house, I saw Lacy at the kitchen sink. She wore a tank top and tight lycra yoga shorts that hugged and framed her sexy ass, and my cock swelled instantly. As I stepped behind her and snuck my hands around to cup and squeeze her perfect, firm tits, my hips and cock pressed against her buttocks. Lacy gasped but reached back and pulled my head into her neck for a nibble.“Where are the kids?” I asked.“One is sleeping, and one is watching TV in our bed.”Right then and there, I spun her around and bent her down over the kitchen table. Then, I grabbed and yanked down her yoga shorts to show her gorgeous ass and smooth pussy. Her hot wet pussy and her scent told me she needed fucking just as badly as I needed to fuck her.“Not here,” she said, pushing up off the table and looking back at me. “Laundry room.”I hugged her to me and shuffled across the kitchen into the utility room that held our washer and dryer. As soon as I sat her down to slide the door closed, she resumed her prone position over the dryer. I released my straining cock, and filled her pussy with it. Squeezing her hips, I pulled her back to meet every hard thrust.Lacy’s hand over her mouth muffled her moans as I fucked her hard and fast. Her pussy vibrated, pulsing as she began to shake, and her cum started flowing out. And her orgasm pushed me over the edge, too. My cock erupted, shooting a flow of hot cum deep into her pussy.Our niece came out of the bedroom and called down to Lacy, so I quickly pulled out, and our cum gushed all over her shorts and legs. I stepped to the deep sink and quickly washed off, telling Lacy, “I got this,” as I zipped up. Then I ran upstairs to see what all the commotion was about.As I sat watching cartoons, I got a text from Lacy: “What the heck just happened?”I started to text back and apologize when another text came through.“And whatever you call it, I want it to happen more.”