Dear MH family,This is not my first post here, but I’ve only posted a few times and made a handful of comments, so I feel like I should give a brief background of my situation.I’m in a sexless marriage, and although I live under the same roof with my wife and children, we are literally separated.  Our home has a “mother-in-law” suite with two kitchens and separated by two doors.  So I am quite literally living single.  My wife and I haven’t talked for months and I haven’t seen my children for months.  This is her choice, not mine.  I’ve begged her to reconcile, to no avail.Now that I’ve “introduced” myself, here is my dilemma.  As I have stated before on this forum, I masturbate to satisfy my sexual urges and desires.  And yes, “needs.”  More on that later.  I do not feel guilty about this, but very frustrated because it cannot compare to ejaculating inside my wife’s vagina.  As all of you who are married know, it is as much an emotional release as it is physical.Now, I made the mistake of going on YouTube and typing in the word “masturbation.”  As you may have guessed, that opened up a whole new list of suggestions and videos, and I would guess 99% of them were from Christians who condemn masturbation as a sin.  I don’t want to get into a lengthy discussion about whether it is, because I’m convinced it’s not.  I just want to offer a counterpoint to the notion that it is not a “need” because nobody has ever died without sex or ejaculation.  I find that argument absurd, because a need is not limited to just things that are life sustaining.  We have lots of needs that without being fulfilled, we would certainly not die.  God created us as sexual beings, and as men we need to ejaculate.  And this is where I segue into the topic at hand.Naturally, searching masturbation on YouTube has lead to suggested videos of “no-fap” and its supposed tremendous benefits.  And this is where I want to hear from my MH family.  Supposedly, semen retention will cause a man to have extra energy, extra vision, and will allow him to conquer the world.  I know there is a lot of science behind this idea, and I’m certainly no scientist.Where I am struggling is that I am certainly not a failure in life by any means (except my marriage).  I have a solid career with a good paying job with benefits and a great relationship with my fellow employees.  But according to the no-fap community, not being able to resist urges is indicative of some emotional instability and moral failure.  If I could only discipline myself to resist masturbating, I could be a stronger leader, the best man I could possibly be, and rise to the top of the corporate ladder (which is not even a goal of mine).  So they claim.Now, here is where I get confused.  Unless I am totally misguided, I don’t see that ejaculation from masturbation is any different than ejaculation from intercourse, except of course the emotional aspect which I mentioned earlier.  And maybe that is the key.  Maybe I need help in this area.  The point is, there are many married men with an active sex life who certainly have achieved great things in life.  And they of course are not practicing semen retention.From my personal experience, I have found several things happen when I refrain from masturbation.  First of all, I can say that the frequency of it has been reduced since by God’s grace I am free from pornography forever.  (And yes, my wife is aware of my past struggles and my deliverance).  Secondly, I realize that even after quitting porn, I was still very much “addicted” to masturbation, even though I’ve disciplined my mind to only visualize intercourse with my wife while doing so.  I decided that I would simply stop “forcing” myself to have an erection just so I could masturbate and ejaculate.  By taking this approach, I’ve found that I can go anywhere from two to five days without having the urge to ejaculate.  But this is where biology comes into play.  I’ve read that on average, a man needs to release his semen about every 72 hours.  And what I’ve found is that if I deliberately resist the urge instead of acting on it when it arises (at home of course), I suffer great consequences.  I become irritable, lose my focus, and even become emotional.  While I can usually handle a large amount of stress from my job, at these moments, I just can’t.  I struggle to keep from crying when it gets overwhelming.  That is not a manly thing to do in the workplace!  According to the no-fappers, if I would just power through it, eventually the urges would disappear and I could soar into worlds unknown!Anyway, I don’t mean to ramble, but I am conflicted.  I simply don’t see deliberate semen retention as any kind of moral victory.  I would love to hear from my fellow MH men on this forum as to your thoughts on this subject.  I can’t see denying myself of my natural sexual urges to the detriment of my emotional well being.  What I do not want to hear is the flippant “God can supply all of your needs”  answer.  Of course He can.  But He made me a sexual being, and He certainly can’t supply my sexual needs by His endless love alone.  I would posit that is why he gave us wives (and masturbation).  But I digress.My final thought is this, and maybe this is too deep.  I know I struggle with the fear of losing my sexual desire.  Perhaps you are thinking, “Well if you are in a sexless marriage that is a good thing!”  But ejaculation feels good.  It’s one of my few pleasures in life, other than my career.  When I’m home alone, I am lonely, miserable, and starved for love and affection.  Touch is my love language.  And I’m getting none of it.  I have two really wonderful female friends at work with whom I’ve shared some of my struggles, but I can’t take it any further than talking to them.  I can’t allow myself to become emotionally attached to them because I’m married.  I don’t want to commit emotional adultery. And I obviously can’t get hugs from them, even though one of them freely gives them upon request.  I just can’t go there.To my point in the second sentence of the previous paragraph, am I really being selfish because I don’t want to stop experiencing the pleasure of ejaculation?Please let me know your thoughts.