(L) – This story contains strong language.I finally finish some mindless work around the house. Now I can start my steamy audiobook I have been listening to for the last week or so.I’m on a chapter where the male main character is teaching the female main character how to give good head. In the past, she’s had partners who face fucked her and made her gag reflexes hate the idea of blowjobs. But, she is willing to try with the right partner. Such a partner would let her explore. She could lick and envelop his cock as far as she wants to take it in her hot, wet mouth.My own feminity is dampening at the thought of giving my husband a good suck. Oh, how I love how his smooth hardness feels in my mouth. I feel his ridges with my tongue and his silky precum tastes so good. Both sets of lips get wetter and wetter as I dream of it.No one is home and I need to change out of my jeans into something comfier. So I head to my bedroom.I kick off my tight blues and the day’s thong. It is so wet as I slide it off and into the hamper. I can’t help but completely undress. My nipples are tight as I make my way to our drawer of  toys.All that salivating and dampness between my legs can’t go unsatisfied. I know that my Passionate Pastor wouldn’t want it to. Besides, he’ll love the description of solo fun I’ll give him later.I reach in and get out my nipple stimulators and my trustyclit sucker.First, I need to bring my nipples to my mouth just a little. I need to lick the tips and give something for the stimulators to suction on to. My tongue is just long enough to flick the tip of each nipple. I give each of my perky tits a little attention and then let the toys do their job.I lean back on our lounger enjoying the sensations they give. At the same time, I’m working my way down to my wet slit with my hands.  I spread my lower lips apart and massage my natural lubrication all around each labia and my aroused clit. Sliding two fingers inside me, I explore my needy pussy.My legs spread even wider as I slide down my clit sucker and turn it on. Oh. My. Goodness.My breasts are feeling like they’re getting a good suck and my clit is being vibrated so intensely. Between these two, it doesn’t take long for the first orgasm to hit. I moan loudly as I tremble and arch my back, breasts rising high.It doesn’t stop though.One after another, I loose count as I ride out several back to back orgasms.As I sense the final one coming, I switch positions to lay face down on our floor. Ass in the air, I buck wildly as my body explodes with one last intense O.Wow! Solo fun is sure nice, I giggle to myself, but next time I can’t wait to have “the real thing”.