In The Great North Woods – Part 3(The Kancamangus Highway and Parts North)RECONNECT WITHPART 2(8/23)As you may recall, day one of our anniversary trip (North Woods,Parts 1and 2) was filled with heat, passion, seduction, and some kind of sex. A lot of kinds of sex*. We had a nice dinner at a local restaurant within walking distance. We spent time in the hot tub in our room with open windows (so much like being naked outside).And then we fucked. Oh, it was good. Real good. I adore heat and passion with Queen. These stories are, in large part, a tribute to her amazingness, sexual and otherwise. But I digress.* Challengingly, after 44 years, our bodies don’t “function” sexually like they did back in the day. Being young and awash in hormones was a wonderful thing, no? This being an anniversary trip, that comparison was inevitable. We have chosen to exercise our sexual brain game around a VERY broad definition of sex. And to put some sexual connotation into much of our daily lives. So “a lot of kinds of sex” means just that. We’re always thinking and acting “sex”. It is so life-changing.WINNIWETA FALLS (8/24)After a sexually amazing first day, Queen and I had high hopes for more passion! We headed north a short way up Route 16 to Winniweta Falls. It’s described in the guidebook as “… an attractive waterfall, but hikers must ford the wide bed of Ellis River. Often a shallow stream, but it can be dangerous or impassable at highwater.”We came to a small, babbling brook, scampered across the rocks, and thought “easy peasy”. Around the very next bend* we came to the mighty Ellis, and had no hope of crossing it. So we turned around and went back to the car.* Pro Hacks for Naked Hiking (NHK).#1, don’t get naked until you’re pretty sure you can go for a while. NHK for only 20 yards around a bend is not enough to “set the mood”, if you know what I mean. Taking clothes off and putting them back on, repeatedly, is a mood-killer!#2, it’s best if your hiking venue is open enough to see if you’ll have any “involuntary participants” to your naked hike. We’ve NHK’d a lot so far, not “caught” yet, and have a sense about good and less good environs for wandering naked al fresco.Follow me for more tips and tricks.CRYSTAL CASCADE OFF THE APPALACHIAN TRAIL (8/24)Crystal Cascade is best reached at the Pinkham Notch Visitor Center. This also has connections to the Appalachian Trail and the Tuckerman Ravine Trail. We arrived, along with a lot of other people (the nerve of some folks), and we textile-hiked to the falls. It was really nice, even with clothes on.As often as we could, we would step aside, or look for a gap between the other hikers to flash or grab a nice feel. (Flash or feel each other, not the other hikers. Just wanted to be clear.) I know it doesn’t seem like much. But we flashed and felt (each other!) a lot, which was often risky with others around the bend. Over time, my cock was “subtly evident” to all. The exhibitionist in me loved it.THOMPSON FALLS – WILDCAT SKI RESORT (8/24)Wildcat Ski Resort is just a little further up Route 16, and we were soon there. In August, there’s not a lot of skiing going on, and the parking lot was empty. Only a few summer maintenance crews were working on the grounds. We couldn’t find the trailhead to Thompson Falls. So we asked one of the guys, and they pointed us in the right direction.Queen was braless. Her nipples quietly whispered, “Yes, you know we’re here, looking at you looking at us.” Lucky work crew.We parked, headed up the trail, and naked hiking conditions were perfect! No one around, no cars, workers occupied, and so I stripped off ASAP! Queen shed most of her clothes, but was a little chilled, so kept some cover. We had an amazing hike, alone with each other, We crossed brooks (naked pics), clambered over big rocks (more naked pics), and finally got to the falls itself (amazing naked pics). Overall, probably our longest and most intense NHK to date.The falls were a perfect backdrop to the classic nude waterfall pictures. Queen was beyond gorgeous and hot as she posed naked, with the falls behind her. The sun was perfect, and her poses with her arms over her head, or holding and offering her breasts are some of the hottest we have. A few pictures of her amazing ass are also “effective” favorites!She took a picture of me, standing on a boulder, in sun-dappled shadow, with a great cock-shadow on my thigh. The shadow was longer than the real thing, but let’s not ruin a good story with facts, shall we?All good things must come to an end, and on our way out, we passed the iconic giant yellow Adirondack Chair made of ski’s at Wildcat. Without batting an eye, Queen climbed up, sat down, and pulled her shorts to the side for a gorgeous pussy flash picture.As she climbed down, I turned and saw a maintenance crew working on a nearby ski lift. If they were aware of our presence, they got a hot, long-distance glimpse of a wife flashing her pussy at her husband. Another lucky work crew!ROADSIDE RIVER AND POOL PULL-OVER (8/24)We were looking to stop at Emerald Pool, a roadside pull-over and nice river/pool spot, but it didn’t look that great for the scrambling required to get to it. So we drovemaybe a mile, and saw a nice pool (Garnet?), a convenient pull-over, and easy access to it. “Lazy” is my middle name. I pulled over.Even in August, the water was a tad brisk, so to speak, and so we weren’t skinny-dipping per se. But finding big rocks barely hidden from the road by trees, gave us more opportunity to lay out naked, flash and feel each other. Another shot of sexual B12!JACKSON FALLS (8/24)Across the street from the Inn is a long stretch of wide river, big pools, and a succession of falls, with easy access. But not a lot of privacy. However, it’s delightful to find a rock to share, and seduce each other.Intentional seduction can be a lost art between married folks, and that’s a shame. If I can’t communicate my love, desire, even lust for my bride, then it’s time to turn in my Man-Card. But I can, so rest easy. This was a very hot time of heat, lust, sotto voce naughty talk, and surreptitious flashing.THE LURE OF A “HEATED” POOL (8/24)I thought I read that the Inn had a heated outdoor pool. On a mild August day, this would have been an ideal venue for some sexual playing around! Back from Jackson Falls, we changed into swim suits. Mine is a red pair of shorts with the lining cut out. So I am “available”, if you catch my drift. Queen looked great in her suit, and we hit the pool. Heated it was not. It was nice, but nothing is that nice when you’re expecting 85 degrees!The bad news was, I had to fight shrinkage. The good news was, Queen’s nipples came out to play! We survived and thrived in our own corner, away from others. And our hands were in “clandestine assault mode”, secretly feeling each other up. There was a hotness factor to it, given others no more than 20 feet away. Queen got out first, and her ass moving up the ladder was amazing. I followed sporting a proud, red tent in front of me! Yeah, we couldn’t stay there any longer.QUEEN’S MASSAGE AND MY BOURBON & CIGAR (8/24)The wrap-up to our day was that I got Queen a massage at the resort. And that gave me time to relax with a bourbon and cigar on the Inn veranda. Oh darn. We had another nice dinner together*, more intentional seduction, and another erotic session later in the hot tub. Yes, our married fucking was fantastic!Why don’t I write about that in graphic detail? Others do, and that’s fine. My delight is in the seduction, in a life spent in pursuit of passion with Queen, in making our 45th year our hottest yet.* Our dinner was hot, and I don’t mean the food. We gazed, we touched, we spoke seductively. We were ready to fuck before the dessert menus came. But Queen did not unzip me and take my cock out. She did not hand me her panties (she’s mostly commando these days, so there’s a reason). I did not finger her pussy under the table cloth. All would have been hot, and probably another time, but also not necessary given our weeks (yes, weeks) of sexual edging.RAINY DAYS AND FRIDAYS (8/25)Ahh, Friday dawned, our last day in the Great North Woods, and the forecast was rain all day. A perfect scenario for a nice lazy morning together, and some amazing sexual fun before we left. For some reason, Queen got it in her head that she wanted her pussy eaten. Further, she thought that sitting in the bay window seat, in full view with the shades up, and spreading her legs as wide as she could would somehow get me to fulfill this desire for her.I think I conquered the space-time continuum that morning, my friends. Instantly, I went from the bedroom to the sitting room, on my knees, face buried between her legs. God, her pussy is such a delight! I can still close my eyes and “re-live” the feel of her delicate inner lips, the taste of her aroused wetness, and the heat of her pussy receiving my tongue. Such a vixen! And the thrill of this passion in a visible bay window seat only added to the erotic thrill. Holy Toledo, she was hot!CONCLUSIONAgain, this has been more of a sexual travelogue than the flat-out erotica we often read here on MH. I wanted to share this extended, crazy, period of Queen and I being intentionally sexual with each other. And some kinks like “riskiness”, almost-exhibitionism, and naked hiking.Also, the detail is not just for story interest. Everything I wrote is true (to the best of my recollection), and the places are real. You can Google Earth the places in this story, and see exactly where we were (geographical exhibitionism?). In any event, it was an incredible sexual high, and we wanted to share it with you.Up next, Nude Beach – Part 2. Even hotter, and I don’t mean the weather.Blessings and passion.