You can read aboutour first exploration of playing with breast milkhere.It’s been about six months, and Mark is still able to breastfeed from me, and I can also pump for our son. We are so blessed that my supply has been so abundant.Nursing my husband has made such a positive impact on our relationship. We are much more connected than we have ever been! Part of that connection has also come through our son. It is so attractive to watch what a good dad he is. Mark works full time and still comes home to be a helpful and loving father and husband.But back to our connection through breastfeeding—it just feelssooogood to be able to give my husband something only I can give him. For my boobies and breast milk to bring him so much comfort and satisfaction is so sexy to me! He is a great provider for our little family, and this feels like a way for me to finally take care of him in return. That thought makes me horny—so horny that my breasts are leaking as I type this!Let me tell you about our breastfeeding schedule. Mark wakes up at 5:30 AM, showers, and gets ready for work. Around 6:15 AM Mark comes back to the bed, kisses on me, and grabs on my titties. I wake up and sit halfway up so my delicious husband has full access and can properly latch to my large titties.While he’s draining my boobies, my pussy gets instantly wet, but I try to keep my squealing and moaning to a minimum, and just kiss his forehead and run my fingers through his hair. He loves how horny it makes me when he grabs, kisses, and sucks on my titties.When he’s done drinking from me, he switches positions and shoves his hard cock into me. Now I finally allow myself to squeal and moan. Watching my boobs swing in front of his gorgeous face issooointoxicating and sexy for me. Mark looks mesmerized when this happens, and it doesn’t take us long to both orgasm. When we’re done, Mark cleans himself off and leaves for work.I pump throughout the day. We go to bed around 10 PM, and I feed Mark again, and usually sex follows, but this time with more positions, since there’s no rush to get to work!Since I started breastfeeding, we seriously cannot get enough of each other. We’re like teenagers, always making out and touching each other. While he’s at work, I can’t help but shop for new lingerie and snap pictures of myself for him—pictures of myself in lingerie, cleaning the house in sexy positions. (Yes, I’m a housewife with lots of time on her hands).I highly recommend breastfeeding in a marriage. I will continue to update y’all if you like this one!