Trigger warning: mentions of sexual assault/abuse.This is a story from when we were first married. I had suffered from sexual trauma in my past relationship before my husband.My husband was on top of me in our bed. Soft kisses and warm light filled the room with love and pleasure. Everything was sensual, hot, and going well when suddenly I felt panic arise in my chest.I wasn’t in our bed anymore. I was in his bed. Warm soft feelings turned to pain and burning as I was transported back to a dark place. A dark twisted place of fear and shame where I had my innocence stolen from me without my consent in a place far from home and everyone I knew.It was dark and cold there and I saw his face in the darkness smirking at me but it was not the face of my husband. No, it was a face I was terrified of. A face of nightmares. The face of a man who had forced himself onto me with no regard for me or what I wanted.“Kayla what’s wrong?” I could hear my husband’s voice, but my mind was somewhere else.“Hey, it’s okay. Oh boy. Kayla, it’s me. It’s Bryce.” I felt my hand in his. It brought my hand up to the shadowy face of my abuser. I closed my eyes. I didn’t want to see that face. I felt something. A beard. Right. My abuser didn’t have a beard.I slowly opened my eyes. Warm brown eyes. Dim lights. Anything sexual had been stopped. It was my husband again, no, it was my abuser again. I was so confused. I started panicking because my husband’s face and his face were interchanging before my eyes. I didn’t know where I was anymore. I froze and started shaking with fear.“Why is this happening? I don’t understand.”I couldn’t breathe. I was hyperventilating.“It’s okay I’m here. I won’t hurt you. Hey, breathe. You’re okay. You’re safe.”I honestly don’t recall what I remembered or what I saw in the next 15 minutes. I just recall my vision blurring into blackness, but when I came to, I was wrapped in a big blanket and my husband was wrapped around that big blanket holding me. My face was wet with tears and I was in a different position than I remembered being in when the panic started.“Shhh, it’s okay.” Bryce said quietly. “You had a panic attack, my love. You don’t need to get up. I’m here. See? It’s me. It’s your husband. You’re safe. I’ll never do anything to hurt you.”I was safe. I was warm, and I was in the arms of my husband. He could have done any number of things and I wouldn’t have remembered it by the end of my panic attack, but he chose to stop everything, wrap me up, and hold me close until it was over.I was safe and I would always be safe with him.This occurrence kept happening over and over. Every time it did, he did the same thing. He kept holding me and telling me that I’m safe until it all but stopped happening anymore.It got less and less frequent until one day I didn’t even notice that I stopped having these panic attacks. It was truly okayI was safeI would always be safe.