I am rather new to MarriageHeat and recently submitteda story about our honeymoon—a truly exhilarating experience. I mentioned in the story that, although both of us had an excited and pleasurable experience (we made love 4 times that night), my wife didn’t have an orgasm. We had so much to learn.Let me tell you how my wife experienced her first orgasm. Perhaps it will be an encouragement to others.We were married several months and made love frequently, but although it was enjoyable and breathtaking, I felt and knew that my wife hadn’t really had an orgasm. I felt that part of that rested on me because I couldn’t last long. I tried to please her in other ways, mainly through fondling and fingering her, but I still felt she had never had an orgasm (although she really enjoyed being fingered).One evening as we were fondling each other, I had this strong urge to go down on her and do oral sex. I had tried it briefly during one of our honeymoon sessions, but she just didn’t seem into it, so I stopped. I think her conservative upbringing and how she was kind of self-conscious of her body played into this.But on this evening, when I kissed my way from her breasts, down her stomach and to her inner thighs, she seemed more relaxed and turned on by it all. I went ahead and kissed up her inner thighs until my tongue touched her inner lips. To be honest, I wasn’t sure I was going to enjoy this. But once my tongue tasted that smooth, smooth skin and I saw what it was doing to her, I have been hooked ever since.She began spreading her legs to give me better access. I tongued my way all around her lips, sucked on them, and stuck my tongue in her. I could feel her hips begin to move against me, and so I kept going. I was delighted to feel with my tongue and see that her clitoris was enlarged and throbbing. I tried everything I knew—swirling around it with my tongue, flicking it back and forth with my tongue, sucking on it.Suddenly I felt her body tense up. Her hips moved involuntarily, and her pussy start throbbing and got so, so wet. She was moaning out loud (which was kind of unusual for her), when suddenly she squeezed her legs around my head and face and just shook for a while. I tried to keep tonguing her, but she put her hand on my head to have me stop and just lay there—so we did for a while. I could feel her taking deep breaths until finally her breathing slowed down and her body quit shuddering.I thought I knew what had just happened, but like a man I had to ask anyway. She just said, “Wow! I didn’t know what was happening. I thought I was going to pee and was going to have you stop but, wow, it was incredible.”  She reached for my penis, stoked it a few times and then had me stick it in her and had me cum.Here is what I discovered: Linda never ever had an orgasm while we were actually having sex. But she usually had an orgasm when I went down on her through oral sex, and also when I fingered her. So ladies, if you haven’t had an orgasm the first few nights, weeks, and even months, don’t get discouraged. Linda will tell you it is well worth the wait. Keep pleasing each other.