“Why do you say that?”My wife’s question, uttered in an almost whisper, diverted my attention from an important duty:  Circling her bare breast nipple with my finger.We had reached this moment on this late weekend afternoon after a night of babysitting grandchildren and a day of errands and family activities.Once we finally returned home, we decided we need some “together” time to decompress.  So we did … in a soft, slow, sensual way.Now we were enjoying one of our favorite parts: The glow of the aftermath — naked, satisfied, and cuddled together in our bed.As my wife laid on her back, my left leg was wrapped around her lower body, and  my left hand was  “occupied” with massaging her left breast. My mouth was close enough to nibble the nipple on her right breast.”Why do you say that?” she said again.“Say what?” I replied as I lightly squeezed her left  nipple.”Thank you. You always say ‘Thank you’ after we make love.”My wife usually refers to our intimate moments as “making love.” She believes any other expression of The Act takes away from the beauty of the moment. Her elegance is one of the many reasons why I love her.I knew I had said “thank you” after those special times for many years. I just never had to verbalize why. Now I had to.“Well… I think it is appropriate,” I said, rubbing her nipple through my fingers. “You are kind enough to think making love with me is still important. I need to express my appreciation.”My wife looked at me with a skeptical look.“You don’t have to,” she insisted. “I still enjoy it, too. This is what married people do. No thanks is needed.”I kept playing with her nipple.“But not every couple regardless of age still has intimate encounters of any kind like we do and that’s for many different reasons,” I said. “I am thankful we still can, and we still have that desire.”My wife laughed.“So you still want me even though I have wrinkles and scars,” she asked. “And if you haven’t noticed, I am starting to get gray hairs DOWN THERE.”As we had been talking, I realized my left hand had slid down from her breast to between her legs. I discovered that two fingers now rested in her. It felt natural. It was natural.”You accept me, though I am not exactly svelte” I replied. “I love you. I love your body. And for the record, I think the gray hair down there is TOTALLY HOT.”After kissing her breast, I continued: “We are fortunate to be still in good health. Let’s enjoy this as long as we can.”All of this talk had reignited our passion. I noticed an erection had to started to grow against my wife’s leg.  My fingers slipped from inside her and I noticed her entrance had started to get moist.“And for the record, I think making love to you is still a pretty cool deal.”My wife smiled, pulled me up to her face, and we enjoyed a lingering kiss. She turned over on her side, guided me onto my back, and mounted me.As my wife rose above me, she positioned my erection underneath her and prepared to slide down my shaft.”I didn’t realize all this talk would lead to a second time,” I whispered, looking up at her.My wife smiled. “Me neither, but I glad for the opportunity,” she said. “And… you can thank me later.”And… I did.