The sun is setting on our little hideaway. We splurged on a room with a private pool and have just returned to it from one of the local restaurants where we enjoyed an excellent meal. We sit on the pool’s edge and soak our feet in the water. The sunset view is so enjoyable as the lights switch on in the pool due to the lowering light.Once the sun sets, you head inside, change into a swimming costume, and dive into the pool. I watch you from my position on the side as you are silhouetted against the light. It’s delightful to enjoy the shape of your body as you cover the lengths of the pool.Eventually, you swim up to me, rest your arms on my knees, and suggest I come and get in the water. I respond that I like the idea but can’t be bothered to go into the villa. Perhaps we should skinny dip. You protest a little, but I stand up, strip off, and climb into the pool’s shallow end. You swim up to me and tell me you won’t take your costume off.I dip down so my head is level with yours and kiss you. My hand brushes against your shoulder, and I deliberately push the strap off it. Then I reach over and push the strap off the other shoulder. Reaching around your back, I pull you towards me to kiss you more deeply. As I do, my right hand slips behind you into your costume, stroking your back. My left trails up the side of your body and brushes your right boob through the costume’s fabric. Then, it rises slightly higher and eases the front down so your boob is loose in the water.My palm brushes your nipple and then goes lower. Pushing your costume down off both arms, I now have you topless in the water. I can see that both your nipples are nice and erect, much like my penis.You sigh against my mouth as I push your costume lower. In the end, you break the kiss, bob up in the water and take over, pushing the costume down. Soon it’s floating in the water, and we are naked together. I reach for you, but you push yourself away from me. You float on the surface, before rolling over, swimming to the deep end, and then back towards me.Your body is bare, wet and wonderfully sexy, a shimmering wonder as your naked flesh catches the pool’s lights. As you approach, you slow your strokes, come up before me, and place your mouth to mine. The kiss starts delicately, a gentle brushing of our lips. But then your tongue darts out, and I meet it with mine. They tangle in the face of our growing passion.Your body is slippery and cool, and your boobs push into me, your nipples hard against my skin. My erection bucks against your belly, and as you take it into your hand, I gasp even as we kiss.Finally, you pull back and suggest we get out of the pool. Water pours off our bodies as we do, and now the moonlight reflects off your skin. It highlights your boobs and bum. You take my hand and lead me over to the large sofa that graces the patio.We fall onto it, clinging to each other in a tight embrace. Our bodies press together, our hands roaming all over each other, caressing and squeezing. My hands wander down over your body, feeling the swell of your bum and the firmness of your boobs. As I play with your nipples, you moan.You look at me with wanting eyes that are full of desire. My cock is throbbing, and I so want to bury it deep inside you. I lean forward and start to kiss you again. Our mouths are locked together while our tongues probe each other, and my erection is at your entrance.I can’t stop moving my hips as I rub myself up and down your slit. You reach between your legs and grab my cock, pressing it against your pussy. The head slips between the lips. It would be so simple to let my hips relax so that I fully enter you. In fact, it takes all of my willpower to hold myself back from plunging deep inside you. Instead, I break our kiss and stare at you. You pull on my shoulders, encouraging me to return to our embrace.I lean down and kiss your breasts again while I inch myself lower and lower down your body, over your stomach and abdomen until I reach your pubic mound, which I smother in kisses. I continue my movement until I kneel on the floor between your legs. I look up at you as you lie there, spread-eagled for me.Before I kiss the side of your knee, I pause in awe of your beauty. Slowly, I progress up your leg, kissing my way higher and higher until I finally reach your soft inner thigh.Now, my soft kisses also include my tongue. I alternate between long, slow kisses and long, slow licks. I continue my relentless march toward the ultimate object of my attention. Finally, I reach the top of your leg, and suck on the soft skin on the side of your pussy.You make a soft whimper in response, so I suck a little harder and listen for your response. Then, I move my mouth directly on top of your pussy and softly exhale. My warm breath makes you jolt and moan.I move away and kiss the soft skin beside your right knee, and slowly travel up your right leg. I repeat my actions as I kiss and lick your leg to your soft inner thigh. Eventually, I reach the top of your leg, and my mouth returns to your pussy. With my mouth covering you, my tongue probes your soft folds.My saliva and your juices start to mix. You moan a little louder as you respond to my wet, probing tongue. I kiss your pussy again before my tongue starts to trace along your lips. You continue to sigh in encouragement. Slowly, I place tender kisses along the lips until I reach the top near your clitoris. My fingers pull you apart, and I lick the delicate folds they reveal—and with them, the small button of your clit.Slowly, I kiss your clit and flick it with my tongue before coming down the other side. I do it again, going the other direction this time. Occasionally I stray into the soft gap between your swollen pussy and the folds of your labia. Your breathing changes and is noticeably quicker.Wanting to bring you to orgasm, I gently suck the folds of your pussy into my mouth and tease them. My hands reach for your chest, where I can touch your nipples as I fondle your breasts. Your hands press on my head, but I can’t get any closer than I am, enjoying your taste and scent.I return my attention to your pussy lips, tracing their length with my tongue one more time. Then I return to your folds. My nose is filled with your aroma as I separate your folds. With my mouth firmly wrapped around your pussy, my tongue probes you before returning to your clit. I want to concentrate all my attention on this most precious part of your body.My hands are still on your breasts, tweaking and squeezing your nipples. I can feel your body responding to the touch of both my hands and my mouth. Then suddenly, your orgasm hits you. You grasp my head and press it hard into you as the force of your release slams your body.All I can do is kneel there and wait for your orgasm to relinquish its hold on you. So that’s what I do: wait for you to return to Earth again. Finally, you take a very deep shuddering breath and hold it before slowly letting it out again.I take that as a cue to kiss my way back up your body until our mouths meet. My cock nudges against you again. This time your hands reach behind me to my backside, and you press me towards you. I easily penetrate your pussy and feel your internal muscles grasp my hard cock. As I rock on top of you, you put your legs around my waist.I stroke into you, plunging deep and enjoying each movement of our united bodies. We are totally in sync with each other. The quiet creaking of the sofa mingles with the sound of our union in an erotic rhythm.Working together, we swap positions until you kneel above me, still deeply connected, and you lean back a little. You plant your palms on the seat and slide yourself up my length before driving down again.The sensation of your pussy moving up and down my cock is incredible. I can’t tear my eyes from your gorgeous body. Your boobs are bouncing with each movement you make. I reach up to grab them again, tweaking each of the swollen nipples as you grind yourself against me.Soon, I feel the familiar tightening of my groin. I erupt in a series of spurts, emptying myself into you.You pause momentarily before grinding against me again until your back arches, and a second orgasm rips through your body. As it passes, you collapse against me, panting as you kiss my neck and mouth.You roll off me, and we kiss again before cuddling up and looking at the stars shining down upon us. We are lost in our love for each other.