This post contains strong language (L).With the busy Christmas season over, all the family had gone home. And Mary Beth had come down with the flu on Christmas evening, with Matthew ill the following morning. It was a very trying week for us all as I cared for them. I was very exhausted by the time Mary Beth started to feel better on New Year’s Eve, but I would have to go back to work the next morning.I checked on Mary Beth by phone throughout the day. She kept apologizing for getting sick and ruining our Christmas and New Year’s, but I tried to reassure her she didn’t ruin anything. By that afternoon, she told me she was getting her appetite back; in fact, she was ravenous! I told her I’d pick something up on my way home, so I stopped at our favorite deli and got her the wedding soup she loves and a loaf of fresh bread.I could see into the kitchen when I entered the house. Mary Beth stood at the sink wearing only a tiny red thong. I stopped and watched as she washed the breast pump while Matthew slept in his bouncy seat on the counter, far back from the edge but within arm’s reach. Ever-so-slowly, I crept nearer, my hunger boiling over and my cock rising. I set the food on the table as I stepped behind her, wrapping her in my arms. While kissing her neck, I pressed the bulging crotch of my slacks against the small of her back.Mary Beth moaned and reached a wet hand around to pull my head more firmly against her neck. She pressed back against me and ground her hips against mine.“Mmm, baby, I’m sooo hungry.”I could smell her arousal, hear the desperation in her voice. Clearly, it wasn’t only food she craved again. I quickly unfastened my pants and pushed them to the floor, then pressed my dripping cock head into her ass crack and slid it down between her cheeks until it rested against the soaked thong covering her hot, dripping pussy.When I pushed insistently against her, Mary Beth moaned and reached down to stretch her thong out of the way of my fat cock. As I entered her, her pussy lips opened, then closed around my cock head. Creamy juices coated my shaft and eased my entrance. Mary Beth begged me to take her and feed her well, so I shoved up into her as fully as I could from this standing position, raising her onto her toes.“Oooh, YESSSS!” she whisper-shouted, careful not to wake the baby. Her body shook, and her fingers gripped the counter’s edge as I took a step back, still holding her hips.I settled her feet wider apart, then slid my hands up her back and pushed her upper body down until her nipples touched the warm, soapy water. Now I could impale her completely. I moaned at the exquisite fit of her folds around me, knowing I wouldn’t last long at all. It had been eight days since either of us had cum.Mary Beth knew, too, that I wouldn’t be able to hold on. She looked back over her shoulder and smiled. “I love you, baby. Plllleeease, take me. Need me. Feed me.”My hands squeezed her hips hard as I pulled out, then drove my hard, throbbing cock back into her, making her bite back a sharp cry. After several more thrusts, I held myself in deep as my cock exploded in three hard blasts of cum.Mary Beth shuddered as she felt her pussy flood with my cum. I knew she wasn’t satisfied yet, but the long wait had one positive effect: I hadn’t softened at all! I had to move slowly because of the extreme sensitivity that set in, but I didn’t want to lose all momentum. So I kept going while I leaned forward to find her clit and help her toward her own release. With each stroke, more of my first load of cum pumped out around my shaft and soaked my balls.Eventually, I felt the contractions of my wife’s climax and wrapped my arms around her until they diminished. Then I pulled out of her pussy and let our combined juices drip to the floor between our feet. Then, tugging Mary Beth back with me, I settled on a kitchen chair and spun her to face me. Her beautiful, sexy blue eyes had glassed over in a sexual daze.I pulled Mary Beth forward to straddle my legs, then lowered her by the hips and wiggled her around until I felt her pussy wrap around my cock head. She sank down the shaft and collapsed against me, quietly crying and whisper-moaning her love forus. Slowly, Mary Beth began grinding around in circles on my cock. As she sensed my sensitivity had waned, she increased the speed and pressure of her movements, kissing and nibbling my neck and ear all the while.“Mmmm, I love riding your cock.” She spoke low in my ear. “I love how big it feels inside me. Does this feel good? I’m going to cum all over your big cock, baby.”“Good girl,” I encouraged her. “You know how much I love to watch you cum. Do it. Cum for me, baby.” My fingers tweaked her nipples, still damp from the dishwater.“Ohhh, fuuuuck,” Mary Beth groaned low. She arched back, then her eyes found mine, and she pulled my face to hers. Our lips wrangled while she rode my cock hard and fast, shaking and trembling in my arms. I felt her take a deep breath and hold it—probably to keep from screaming as she came, her pussy spasming and milking my cock as her juices washed over it.The beauty of that moment! How could I not explode? My cum erupted, over and over, as my hips pressed up into my wife. I shook from head to toe, right along with Mary Beth.The next thing I knew, I awoke to the sound of Matthew beginning to whimper.Mary Beth lifted off my limp cock, and our cum gushed out of her. She unbuckled Matthew from his bouncer and gathered him into her arms. Then she looked at me and smiled. “Would you rewarm the food you brought home?” She asked sweetly. “I’ll take care of Matthew and clean up, then join you for dinner.” Her eyes twinkled as she added, “Thank you for feeding me.”I am soooo blessed, soooo loved.