I was so exhausted and a little irritated for no particular reason. On this night I was just spending some time alone in our room, mindlessly scrolling my phone, thinking I might just go to bed soon when my husband walked in the room.“Hey,” I said nonchalantly, noticing his entrance.I was a little surprised he had ended his video game session for the night so soon. It was one of those days. We were both drained from the day, which I suppose was just a typical day. We were tired a lot of the time lately between work and the baby.“I missed you,” he confessed, laying down next to me. I tossed my phone to the side and faced him, and he cuddled up next to me, joining me under the covers.“Awe! I missed you too,” I agreed, snuggling into his chest. Truth be told, I couldn’t remember the last time we just cuddled like this. It was really nice. The room was a little chilly from the AC which had just switched on, but he was warm and inviting. He wrapped his arms around me, and I melted into his embrace as we chatted and joked.At one point, we transitioned into a spooning position, and I jokingly started shaking my butt on him and he jokingly humped me and moaned in return. It was exaggerated; meant to be funny, not serious. I laughed as he hugged me tighter, but his hands seemed to not get the memo that it was a joke, zeroing in on my breasts and crotch.“Wait no! It was a joke! I swear!” I playfully objected while laughing at both his advances, which were still done in a joking manner at this point, and the fact that I wasn’t expecting it, so it tickled quite a bit.He held me tighter as I laughed, playfully attempting to wriggle free as he started trying to pet my crotch and grab my breasts.“You’re not getting away! I’m going to get you!” he said, laughing while wrestling with me.“Nooo! It was just a joke!” I shouted in the spirit of play fighting, but the more we continued this fake scene, the more real life sexual tension built between us, which mounted for me when he succeeded in his alleged goal of getting his fingers inside of me and reaching my nipples, as his fake conquest dictated he must do.“You know it’s actually really fun to play with your vagina, not even in a sexual way,” he said while wiggling his fingers inside of me. He poked in and out of it while he was holding me tightly from behind, but at this point, I wasn’t just fake aroused anymore. My cheeks felt hot as I realized our little game had really turned me on.He realized as well fairly quickly when he noticed I was very wet and I had let out a moan that was much more serious than fake.“Oh? What was that?” he asked smugly while much more intentionally fondling my body, sliding his fingers over my clit and lightly pinching at my nipple with his other hand.“Oh you like your nipples being touched right now,” he remarked, pinching each of them with gradually more force, while swirling my wetness over my clit, periodically sliding his fingers into me. My moans increased. The jig was up. I was caught red handed enjoying his advances.I grinded my hips, angling them towards his hand while also inching my way backwards to be as close to him as possible. I felt an erection growing and knew it wasn’t just me who was enjoying this, so I let him continue. He started nibbling on my ear and licking it which made me gasp as it sent tingles straight down my spine. The sensations took my breath away.“How about we take off our clothes?” he whispered in my ear. I started undressing and he followed suit. I could almost feel the redness on my face as I blushed bright red, as if this was my first time having this kind of experience, even though I’ve been with him countless times.We kissed softly and passionately while touching each other and moaning—touching each other with the same passion and eagerness as we had when we had first ever done so. There was a sacred energy of marital pleasure in the air as we explored each other’s bodies with bold curiosity and love.This transitioned seamlessly and wordlessly into me riding him from on top. He pinched my nipples harder and I moaned with satisfaction. I rode him with the passion of someone who was experiencing sex for the first time. It felt as though I had just awakened to my sexuality yesterday, though that was far from the truth.Unlike virgins, however, we intuitively knew how to handle the other person’s body from years of experience. Having this kind of sex is like having everything you could want out of a sexual experience. The thrill of experiencing something exciting, the closeness of our relationship, the intimate knowledge of each other, and the satisfaction that comes with it. I had it all tonight.I had it all nearly whenever I’d like to have it. I know that I have it all. I have something truly special that fills the most intimate and private needs of my heart, and it feels so good.It feels like I’m on top of the entire world when I am on top of him. I have everything I want. Every. Single. Thing.