This story contains an instance of strong language (L).I pastor a small rural church. While we do have security cameras (including one pointed right at my office), it’s rare that anyone ever stops by the church unannounced, which affords me a bit of privacy throughout the week. It’s not unusual for my smoke-show of a wife to text me some sexy pics while I’m at church and for me to enjoy those pictures in the privacy of my office. I’ll text her back images of my cum-covered desk or even a quick video of an explosive orgasm. I’ve enjoyed masturbating to thoughts and images of my beautiful bride at my desk many times over the years. Until recently, this has always been a solo act. This year, however, we crossed a new threshold: having sex in the church building!I was just minding my own business, preparing my next sermon, when I got a text from my wife saying, “I’ve been thinking about you all day. When are you cumming home?” I responded with an eye-pop emoji, then said, “I have a lot of work to do here. But I wouldn’t mind if you stopped by to visit me (winky face). Maybe you could grab a soda for me at the gas station?” (Bringing me a soda was just an excuse she could give our teenage kids to explain why she was leaving for a little while). To my surprise, she actually showed up a few minutes later with a fountain soda in her hand and a desirous look on her face.I greeted her at the main entrance, thanked her for my soda, and invited her to join me in my office. As we walked through the fellowship hall toward my office, I gave a knowing glance toward the security camera. The elder in charge of security has a tendency to check the live feed from our cameras randomly throughout the week on his cell phone, so you never know if someone might be watching. My blushing bride followed me into the office and closed the door behind her. The only window in the room overlooked the parking lot, making it easy for us to spot any unexpected visitors.As soon as the door shut, I closed the distance between us, placing my hands on her waist and gazing into her eyes like a schoolboy about to experience his first kiss. She put her hands on my hips, then ran her fingers along my waistline between my blue jeans and torso, and my hand brushed her cheek as I slowly kissed her soft, sultry lips. We kissed like it was the first time, savoring the moment. I gently bit her bottom lip, and she slid her tongue along my upper lip.After a few moments of passionate kissing and heavy breathing, she put one hand on my chest as she backed away. I stepped back as she undressed: first her coat, then her jeans and blouse. My eyes feasted on her body as she stripped in front of me, revealing a sleek black thong and matching bra. Then she moved back toward me, wrapping her fingers around the back of my head and pulling me in for another sloppy, passionate kiss. My arms wrapped around her body, my fingers gliding along her smooth, sexy skin, following the small of her back down to her warm, naked ass.Suddenly, in one swift motion, she pulled my shirt up over my head and tossed it aside. Then she expertly unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans. My diamond-hard dick sprang to freedom as she pushed my pants and boxer briefs down around my ankles. Now on her knees, she paused momentarily to lovingly lick and suck on the tip of my dick while I stepped out of my jeans. Then, standing back up, she reached behind her to unhook her bra and free her alluring, untanned breasts. Her nipples tightened in the cool air.After taking a moment to stare at her beautiful breasts, lightly caressing them with my now-quivering hands, I reached down to her panties and pushed them down around her ankles as she had done to me. As she stepped out of her silky smooth thong, I nuzzled her neatly trimmed mound with my nose, breathing heavily against it and causing her to shudder slightly.I stood up and stepped back to take in the view of her captivating, curvaceous form. There we stood, completely naked… in my office…at church. Although it was highly unlikely, the potential risk of being caught made it even more exciting. Being completely nude in a place other than our home or hotel room was thrilling.Finally, I took my wanting wife in my arms, kissing her once more. She immediately reached for my throbbing cock and started stroking it roughly. My fingers fumbled their way through her labia, finding her moist, ripe clitoris. We pleasured each other by hand, grunting loudly for only a few moments.Then, with a lustful look in her eye, she asked, “How do you want me?”I bit my lip as I contemplated the right answer. Finally, I decided, “On my desk.”I cleared one side of my desk, brushing pens, notes, and other assorted items to the side. Then I turned my sexy spouse around and bent her over. She rested her forearms on the desk and arched her back to lift her ass toward me, and I moved into a saddle stand behind, positioning my aching dick between her legs. She reached one hand through, grabbed my cock, and rubbed the tip of it vigorously against her clit before guiding it effortlessly into her welcoming pussy.“Oooh, yeessss,” she whimpered.I responded with a grunt of pleasure, then took hold of her hips with both hands and began thrusting back and forth.As she brought her legs together, her pussy became gloriously tight around my shaft, and with no kids nearby, she could express herself with abandon. As I continued pounding her from behind, my balls slapping against her clit and her ass smashing against my torso, she squealed with delight. She’s a loud lover when she can be, and she squealed so loudly, I thought the farmhouse up the road might hear her.“Ooh, yeesss! Yeesss! Baby, fuck me! Aaaaahhhh!”Waves of pleasure washed over her body as she climaxed for what seemed like an eternity!Not far behind her, the rhythmic slapping of my balls beneath her hastened my own orgasm. “Oh, baby… fuck,” I cried as the tension built.“Yes, I want your cum in me,” she demanded as she looked over her shoulder at me. My dick pulsed within her perfect pussy. As my cum exploded into her cavernous cunt, I groaned and gasped loudly (though not as loud as her). My whole body shuddered, and I collapsed on top of her as my quads finally gave out.Our sweaty bodies melted together as we stumbled to our feet, feeling fully satisfied.“I love you so much, baby,” I confessed.We just stood there naked, kissing and caressing one another for quite a while before finally getting dressed. After getting our clothes back on, I walked my wife to the door, thanking her repeatedly for her visit. Nobody else stopped by the church that day, and nothing was caught on film, but now we have an exciting new setting to enjoy together.