(L) – This story contains strong language.Over the last eight to ten years, E and I have explored bringing various toys into our love life.  Nothing too crazy, as she has various likes and dislikes. But we have tried many things from cock rings, to various vibrators, to the liberator wedge, to blindfolds, handcuffs and all sorts of lubes. We dabble in enjoying new things that we can sprinkle into our love life.One constant is that E has never been interested in any type of dildo.  For penetration, she always prefers me inside of her.As a middle ground idea, I introduced a penis sleeve about a year ago that was much larger than me.  We only tried to use it twice.  The first time was a fail as it was just too big for her and we didn’t use enough lube.  The second time I put it on was while in the midst of doggy, with her really wet and ensuring I was in very well lubricated.  I was able to penetrate her with it, but it was still too much to fit her well and for her to enjoy.  (E is a petite 5’4” and, at 53, still very tight.)  Being that it was uncomfortable for her, within few minutes we removed the sleeve and abandoned the experiment.Fast forward more than a year to several weeks ago.  I needed to order a replenishment of lubricant, and when doing so, I always explore new toy ideas that she and I could experiment with.  I decided to purchase a much more realistic set of penis sleeves that were much closer to my size while adding a little extra girth.  These sleeves were also made up of a much thinner material, which offered me better sensitivity than our first experiment and her the ability to enjoy receiving me that way.On the evening that the package arrived at the house, we had a great night enjoying a few glasses of wine and talking on the couch.  When we finally went off to bed, I had told E that I ordered something for us and wanted to show her.  After we entered the bedroom, I got out the box, laid out the new toys, and asked her if she was up for experimenting that evening.  She excitedly obliged.She picked one of the five sleeves which mirrored my size and shape very well.  On the length side I’m average, but girth has been my gift, being blessed with a great “head” that swells quite favorably for my wanting lover.  The sleeve she picked was a perfect fit for both of us, offering just a bit more girth and a full head that resembled my own shape.We made sure to really lube both of us up well before entering her love zone from the missionary position.  We had to take our time allowing her inner walls to adjust to receive me with this extra thickness.As I entered E, I could feel a level of pressure and fullness within her that was a thrilling endeavor.  Her eyes were closed and her facial expressions painted the picture of delight she was feeling.  She squirmed, her breathing intensified and her head slowly turned from side to side as I went deeper, pulled back, went deeper, and repeated the pattern.  Her anxious panting and squirming told me was very much enjoying the experience and she was on her way to climax.After taking our time and enjoying the experience for a while, E needed to feel me naturally before she climaxed.  She pushed me away and reached down to pull off the sleeve.  With passion, she exclaimed, “I NEED TO FEEL YOU!”Now bare and rock hard, my lubricated cock was ready for her as she pulled it into her incredibly receptive love tunnel.  I could feel how the extra thickness I had been offering her had paved the way for deep penetration.  E needed it deep and hard, and she command me to give it to her.  My thrust engulfed her as our bodies joined as one.  It was not possible for two bodies to be closer.The deep pounding continued until she pulled me deep and then held me there as she climaxed.  Her voice shuddered and face clenched as her walls contracted around my still-hard cock.  She held me there for a couple minutes as her body went through its full release.As E’s body started to relax and her breathing normalized, she could feel how hard and full I remained, and knew I had not climaxed.  But she was ready for round two, so our lovemaking romp slowly resumed.She felt so fucking good inside. Wet, wanting and relaxed was the best way to describe her body at the moment.  The depth at which she was able to receive me was glorious and indescribable.  The slow, intentional thrusts were an amazing delight as I looked deep into her eyes.  I was in control now, and her body was mine to occupy.  As E’s breathing started to intensify, I too was getting close.She begged me, “Faster, harder!”I lifted her legs and spread them even wider, taking the opportunity I was offered to fuck her deeply.  As our pelvises met, the sound of wet slaps echoed around us.  E reached down to manhandle my balls as our union of thrusting continued.  Reaching down below, her fingers swatted at my boys as she desperately tried to set off my release.Between the deep penetration and her hands now wrapped around the underside of my balls, I was now reaching the point of no return.  My balls tingled and I slammed her with one last deep thrust, and then my seed filled her as she quivered in bliss at the same time.We laid still in that position with our sweat-covered bodies clinging together in unison, coming down from the high of this new experience.  God truly blessed us with His design and the physical intimacy which He delights in.