(F) – This story contains a fantasy/roleplay scenario involving extra-marital sex.I arrived at my local big box hardware store looking for parts to repair my leaky sink. Just like other trips, the store didn’t have the exact part that I needed, so I hunted for an assembly that would work.A very nice looking lady was also at the same section of the counter, looking bewildered with a part in her hand. It was pretty obvious that she had no clue as to what she needed, or how to replace the part she had.“Do you need some help?” I asked her.“Yes,” she said, sounding relieved that someone had offered help. “My sink is leaking. I was able to remove this part, and as you can see, it has a hole in it. But I don’t see one like it on the counter, and trying to get any of the store help is next to impossible.”I had to agree with her there. Even if you can find somebody, they never seem to know what they’re looking at.“Could I take a look?” I asked, holding my hand out for the part.She handed it over, and I proceeded to look for the replacement part. I had better luck in the search for her part than I did with mine, and after a minute or so, I found it. Unfortunately it was on the bottom shelf, all the way in the back corner, but at least we had it. Lucky her.I handed her both parts, the old one and the replacement.“This should be easy to put on,” I said. “Just follow the steps you used when you took it apart.”“Thank you,” she said. She hesitantly continued, “My husband normally takes care of this stuff, but he’s away on a trip and won’t be back until Friday. He travels a lot.” She seemed to want to say more, but didn’t.So I jumped in and said, “I’m Bob. It’s very nice to meet you.”“I’m Mary and it’s a pleasure to meet you too,” she said with a smile on her face.At that point there was an awkward pause as we both looked at each other.“Well, I guess I’d better get this fixed…” Mary said as she started to turn to leave. But she stopped and turned back. “You’ve been so helpful. There’s a McDonald’s in the parking lot. Can I buy you a coffee?”I smiled back at Mary and said, “Why sure, I’d love one.”We arrived together at the McDonald’s, and Mary told me, “Grab a table, and I’ll get the coffee.”She had the two coffees a couple of minutes later, then sat across from me and said, “I’ve never done this before—coffee with a stranger.”“Me either.”It was a bit awkward, but we made some general small talk about where both of us lived, and a few general questions developed into a nice conversation.Mary look into my eyes for a bit, then asked, “Would you be up to fixing my leaking sink now?”“I could be talked into that.”“Okay, just follow me home. I live close by.”As any man would, I was hoping that this might go further. I knew I didn’t have anything special in the way of appearances—a man of 71, a bit overweight, and five-and-a-half feet tall. Mary, on the other hand, was beautiful. She was perhaps in her mid-forties—a brunette about as tall as me, with a nice figure and lovely-looking breasts.When we arrived at her home, she led me to the kitchen sink, where I was able to make quick work of installing the replacement drain tube.When I was done, I found Mary sitting on the sofa in the family room, and went in and sat next to her. She leaned over and, to my surprise, initiated a very soft kiss! When we separated, she was quite red-faced.I just smiled and said, “That was nice.”“I’m not sure what came over me,” she said. “I have never,ever,even thought about cheating on my husband.”“Me either, I said. “Apparently, we are both happily married, and do love our partners, but… maybe we just have an opportunity for a little extra excitement. If we are both very careful, I don’t think this could hurt anyone.”I leaned in, lifted her chin, and kissed her softly again. She responded eagerly, and it lasted quite a while.When we parted, I sat back and said, “You need to know a little about me. Obviously I am older than you are. I’ve had a number of operations, so my neck and back are fused, and I have limited flexibility. I’ve also had my prostate removed. The prostate controls two things: it produces fluid, so no cum, and the nerve that controls my erection is also gone, so I cannot have spontaneous erections. But the upside is that a prescription fixes that problem, and with the medication, I can last three to four hours and orgasm a couple of times… and you could have multiple O’s as well.”Mary looked at me with wide eyes and asked, “So is this spontaneous?”“Sorry, yes. But we could get to know each other for an hour or two.”At that point, Mary stood, turned to me, took my hand, and led me to the bedroom. I turned her around and kissed her again on the lips—a long, gentle kiss with a fair amount of tongue—and began to caress her body. My hands ended up at the top button on her blouse, and I slowly began to undo each button and slide the blouse back off her shoulders. What a beautiful sight!While kissing her, I reached around behind her, unhooked her bra, removed the straps from her shoulders, and let it drop between us. This was an even more beautiful sight! Her breasts were full, round, and exquisite, with hard, pink nipples. Mary lifted my polo over my head and we hugged tightly as we shared another long kiss, this time with the amazing feeling of her breasts on my chest.I knelt in front of Mary, looking up at her beautiful pair of breasts, and began to pull down her workout tights, exposing a red thong. I then kissed from her bellybutton downward, pulling the thong with my teeth.As the thong fell, it revealed that she was perfectly shaved, without even a single patch of stubble; smooth as a baby’s bottom.I motioned for her to lay down on the bed. I worked my way down the inside of her left leg, kissing and licking, then slowly worked my way up the right side, going around and around and revisiting each beautiful patch of bare skin. I didn’t touch her clit yet, but engulfed her labia from top to bottom with my oral attention.I did this for quite a while. The entire time, she stiffened more and more. Finally, with the tip of my tongue, I touched her clit, and it was as if my tongue was electrified. She jumped and stiffened further, more suddenly. I continued to lick, suck, and play with her entire vulva. I was in heaven, and I think she was too.She started to come down a bit, but instead of letting her, I nuzzled her clit a little more with my tongue and sucked it between my lips, squeezing just slightly. Then I bit down just a little bit, and she went rigid from head to toe, and convulsed with an extreme orgasm. God, she was beautiful, and my reward was a good squirt of girl cum. I couldn’t let go! I just held her clit between my teeth. Not biting, not hurting her, just holding it as she convulsed for minutes on end.Finally, I thought she needed to breathe, so I let go and pulled back just a bit. I’d been playing with her breasts and squeezing her nipples, and refocused on that as I let her calm down. I proceeded to lick the rest of the girl cum off of her inner thighs and off her lips. She finally took a deep breath collapsed.I thought maybe I’d let her rest a little bit at that point, because I could hardly breathe either. I know that if I could have had an erection at that point, it would have been so hard that it may have exploded.I made my way up the bed, pulling her with me, and we cuddled on top of the bed. I held this beautiful woman in my arms, tasting and smelling her sweet aromas, and we laid like that for quite some time. Finally, both of our heart rates got back to normal.She said, “That that was probably the best, most extreme orgasm I’ve ever had.”“I’m happy for you. I enjoyed it as much as you did.”She reached down and took my limp dick and massaged it and played with it for a little bit. It felt very good, and I was mentally satisfied knowing how much she enjoyed her orgasm.After a while, we both decided it was time. We both spoke at almost exactly the same time, saying we needed to get up and get on with what we had to do that day. She had an appointment with her hairdresser in an hour, and I needed to go and get back to work. So we both got dressed and washed up a little bit.I wrote down my phone number on a paper and handed it to her. “Please contact me,” I said. “You can text me or call me on that number anytime during the day.”We parted with a long kiss, and I was hoping that there would be another opportunity to spend time with this beautiful woman.**********Later that night, once I got home, my wife told me, “I met a kind gentleman at the hardware store today. He helped me find the right part to fix the sink, then came home with me and fixed it for free! He did a wonderful job, and… he treated me very well,” she said with a mischievous grin.She and I played for four hours that night, with both of us having multiple O’s, inspired by our fantasy encounter earlier. Boy, I love this woman.