This post contains strong language (L).As I got ready for church, wearing my suit, I kept watching the time as I didn’t want to be late. Paula was still getting dressed. I yelled and asked her if she were ready yet. She replied, “Almost,” and told me not to forget that, after the service, we were going to dinner with her daughter and her husband. We would come home after church to wait for them to get here.As I adjusted my tie, I heard my wife say, “Hello, sexy.”I turned around to look at her, and my cock instantly got hard—as it usually does. Paula had on her new blue sundress that clung tightly to her curves. It didn’t show a lot of cleavage, but the dress hugged her tits, making it easy to see how big they were. Her long black hair was pulled up nicely with a bow, and she wore blue high heels.I said, “Wow, baby! Too bad I can’t fuck you now! You look so hot. Turn around and let me see your ass in that dress.”She asked, “You like my new dress?”“I love it,” I told her.Now let me remind you, my wife likes to tease me. As she turned around, she pulled up her dress to reveal her black garter belt and stockings, and her tiny G-string, which I could barely see because her beautiful ass engulfed it.I swallowed and said, “Oh, my.” Then I walked over and kissed her, and we headed out the door.As we drove the 15 minutes to church, she sat beside me with her skirt up just a bit to barely reveal her stocking tops. My cock was throbbing by this point. I told her, “Just wait till I get you home.”She reminded me again that her daughter and her husband were coming over so we could go to dinner, so we might have to wait till tonight.We arrived at church, and I walked in behind my wife, watching her ass shake. I noticed a faint hit of garter belt bumps through her dress, which drove me wild. I was trying to control myself because I did not want to walk into church with a hard-on, lol. As we took our seats, Paula settled beside me and crossed her legs. Again, I could see just a tiny bit of her stockings.After a bit, Paula’s daughter, Sabrina, and her husband, Mark came in. Sabrina looks just like her mom; they have been mistaken for sisters many times. They are also very close and tell each other everything. Mark and I have a similar, very positive relationship. We hold nothing back from them and never have; we talk about sex with them often. Some people may not agree, but we are all adults.I shook Mark’s hand and hugged Sabrina. Paula stood to hug each of them and kiss her daughter, and they took their seats beside us. Sabrina told her mom that, after church, they’d be going home for about an hour before coming over to our house.Then it hit me: That’s all the time I’d need to fuck my wife. I was dying.After the service, we said our goodbyes and told Sabrina and Mark we would see them later. Paula and I headed to our car to go home.  I told Paula that we had some time to kill when we got home, so I was going to fuck her and fill her with my cum. It is a turn-on for me to know my wife’s pussy is full of cum (and it usually is) when we are out, as we would be for dinner.When we stopped at a light, my wife leaned over and French-kissed me. She told me to get me home and fuck her now, that she needed my cock. She didn’t have to tell me twice.Once home, I unlocked the door and let Paula go in first. Then, I grabbed her and kissed her red lips. It felt so good. I ran my hands all over her body, grabbing her ass as I plunged the depths of her mouth with my tongue. Next, I spun her around and started kissing her neck.She said, “Please, fuck me, baby. Please.”I said, “I am going to show you what happens when you tease me. Get on the sofa and put that ass up, baby.”She got on all fours on the sofa looking over the back of it out the window. I stood behind her, pulled up her skirt, and moved her G-string to the side. After unzipping my pants, I smacked her ass.I said, “You want my cock, baby?”“Oh, God, yes baby. Fuck me, please!” she cried, and I pushed my cock into her dripping pussy. Paula gasped, “Oh my God, you’re so fucking big. I love it.”I grabbed her hips and began to pound her.“Oh God, fuck me hard, baby. Take your pussy. Punish me.”I reached up, grabbing her hair and pulling her head back as I pounded her pussy.My wife cried out, “Oh God, don’t stop! Take it, baby! You own this pussy! Fuck me harder! Make my pussy sore, baby.” (She really knows how to get to me.)I felt her legs starting to shake as she yelled that she was going to cum, then she squirted all over me. I continued to pound her pussy and asked if she wanted my cum.“Yes, baby, cum in your wife! Cum in my pussy!” She yelled it at the top of her lungs.After a good 30 minutes of pounding her, my cock started pulsating. “I’m cumming!” I grunted and filled her pussy with five big spurts of cum. I mean, I loaded her pussy. When I pulled my cock out, the cum poured out of her. Smacking her ass again as I zipped my fly, I told her she would be full of my cum all night.Putting her G-string back in place, she stood up and adjusted her blue dress. We kissed with my cum running down her legs.Then the doorbell sounded, and I said, “Well, they’re here.” Neither one of us realized what time it was, nor that we had fucked for over 30 minutes. Paula opened the door for Sabrina and Mark.Sabrina said, “Sorry for making you guys wait. Mark and I were so hot for each other all morning that we couldn’t put off sex until after dinner.”Paula laughed and said, “Honey, we understand. If you had been 10 minutes earlier, you would have heard me screaming, too.”Mark and I just high-fived each other. We headed out the door with our girls both barely able to walk.