With her legs open, her feet moist from my kisses, I work my way back up to her inner knees. She’s very sensitive there and sighs with anticipation. On up her gorgeous thighs, taking in the taste of her soft skin, and feeling the back of her thighs in my hands as I “stalk” her treasure.Her labia become the target of my kisses and tongue, torturing her with desire for penetration. Then suddenly I plunge into her sweet pussy, ravishing her with my tongue. She gasps, and her fingernails reactively claw into the countertop. Then her firm grip grabs my head to pull my tongue deep inside her delicious throbbing pussy. She seductively and without inhibition, literally f’s my mouth, demanding that my licking tongue penetrate, tease, and wiggle on her clitoris. Her ass moves rhythmically to maximize her pleasure. Wow!Her feet wrap around my back, entrapping me as though I might try to escape. She’s thinking, “Oh, no, baby. You’re gonna tongue f me till I cum in your mouth! I’ve been fantasizing all evening about this and I want my orgasm!”And I’m excited to give it!Moments later, with what she calls my magic tongue thrilling her clitoris, she begins holding her breath, then groaning and panting as it approaches. Suddenly, she cries out in ecstasy as she cums in my mouth, her legs still trapping me!And oh my God, does she taste soooo frickin’ good!  No other woman ever tasted as uniquely sweet as my wife!She forces my face away as she rolls over on her tummy, her breasts flattening out on the dinner table, and opens up for my throbbing length. Slowly, teasingly, I insert the head, and she moans, and firmly says, “More!” Halfway in, she twitches from my penetration. “More, baby, more!” And soon I’m plunged deep inside her wet pussy. Slowly at first, she moves her hips to enjoy my shaft. Then she begs, ” Harder, baby. F me harder!”Our damp flesh slaps together with each thrust, as my hands pull on her hips to get ass-deep inside her hot, wet pussy.  Her moans of pleasure and occasional twitch convince me I’m long enough. Her expletives only turn me on more! I warn her I’m getting close to ejaculating, but she threatens me not to stop, ha-ha!It takes a few more minutes but my dick suddenly swells as my cum gorges through and pulses deep inside her. She drives her ass into me, taking every eruption, and draining every ounce of love juice out of me. My God, she’s as voracious as she is voluptuous!We keep gently thrusting as we tire out. I don’t want to stop. The sensation is mesmerizing; her gorgeously exposed ass against my groin, my still-hard dick inside the woman I love. Then I slowly pull out, plugging her with tissues. And as she lies there, exhausted, I lovingly bite her on the right butt cheek, leaving light teeth marks! And both of us catch a breath to laugh.She stands, turns, and kisses me with 100% approval of every act of passion we shared this evening. Then she shocks me, saying with a smile, “After showers, I’ll bet I seduce you again before daylight, ’cause I can’t get enough of your dick.”And sure enough, I was awakened by her warm mouth swallowing my dick at about three a.m.! It turned into a sideways 69 that led to riding her from behind while we heard the trash trucks doing their Saturday collection. At five a.m., I fell asleep with my dick still inside her and slept like a baby!  And it all started with “an erotic phone call”!