Disclaimer: This isn’t for everyone. There is a fantasy and role-play element that some might not find appealing. The undertone intended is one of trust and intimacy between a husband and wife.My wife shared a fantasy with me a few weeks ago. It was new, raw, and not something I’d ever expected from her. She’d curled into me after she said it, and I held tight and whispered my love. We made sweet and gentle love that night. It was beautiful. We didn’t discuss it anymore, but I quietly plotted to fulfill her fantasy.My opportunity came on a warm Friday. She thought I’d be working late and decided to have dinner with one of her girlfriends. I timed it right and arrived home just after she’d left. I hid my truck, placed some spare clothes in the garage, and waited.Phase OneShe came through the door singing, a sure sign of a little wine. Butter knife in hand, I was ready when she walked into the bedroom. I was dressed in black—balaclava and all—and her gasp when I grabbed her from behind was genuine. It was her fantasy, but I didn’t want her truly terrified, so (per the sign) I slipped off my wedding band and slid it onto one of her fingers. She was trembling, but closed her hand and nodded yes.She’d trusted me with this, and I loved her, so I broke character for a moment and kissed her neck gently. She pushed back into me but went back into character and pretended to struggle as I slipped the blindfold over her eyes. I pulled a dainty pair of her panties from my pocket and stuffed them into her mouth. She moaned through them and clutched for my leg.I pushed her toward the bed and dropped the knife when we got there. Grabbing her blouse with both hands, I ripped it open. She was shaking, and her breath was ragged as I pulled down the cups of her bra and roughly handled her tits. The moans, whines, and whimpers were only slightly muffled by the panties. Not too roughly, but I pushed her face down onto the bed, pulled her wrists together and loosely wrapped soft rope around them.Then I reached for the buttons of her jeans. They were tight, and I made a bit of a show inching them down to her knees. Her panties were next, and there she was, displayed before me. I smacked each cheek a few times, then ran my tongue up her crack. Oh, the sounds she was making!I made a noisy production of releasing my belt and dropping my pants. Her aroma was strong, and after checking her wetness, I knew she was really turned on. I lined my cock up with her hole, tapped her cheek to prepare her, and eased in the tip. She pushed back ever so slightly, and for a few minutes, I fucked her with abandon. With a final push, I emptied myself into her. Then, I pulled up my pants and left her there without ever having said a word.Phase TwoI slipped into the garage and quickly changed clothes, ran to where my truck was hidden, and pulled up to the house. My next intention was to walk through the door, announce my presence, and sit on the couch as though nothing had happened. I made it through the door. There, on her knees, was my naked wife. Her palms were on her thighs, the rope was still around one wrist, and she was still wearing my ring.I had no more clicked the door shut when she made her move. My pants were at my ankles and my cock was in her mouth before I could fully process what was happening. Having cum in her not fifteen minutes ago, I was not hard, but she didn’t seem to care. I braced myself against the door. Damn.She stopped only long enough to say, “I love the way I taste on your cock,” before pulling my semi back into her mouth. I honestly didn’t think she could do it, but I felt myself building. Ho-ly shit. Expletives left my mouth as she got me closer and closer. Boom. Cum. I didn’t even know I had coated her tongue as I doubled over in sweet agony.This seemed to please her, and she let me drop out of her mouth. Then she rose to her feet and kissed me; snowball. We attacked each other’s mouths and droplets fell to my shirt and her chest. She only submitted control of her mouth when I reached under her cheeks, lifted her up, and moved forward enough for her to wrap her legs around my waist. I kicked off my shoes and pants and walked us to the bedroom.When my knees touched the mattress, I sat her down. Her eyes were filled with lust, love, and passion. Her mouth was messy. Her tits were heaving with each breath. Her legs were open, and that pussy! Red. Swollen. Wet. I dropped to my knees, placed her feet on my shoulders and covered my nose, cheeks, and chin in her juices. Then I ate her.Her words were muffled as she repeatedly slammed her thighs to my ears. I reached under her leg with my left hand, around and over her belly till my thumb found her clit. When next she bucked into my face, I slid my right hand under and between her cheeks, finger-fucking that wet pussy. The triple assault was getting her there. A wicked thought popped into my head, and I slipped my finger from her pussy and trailed it down to her puckered rosebud.She went bananas. I’d never heard her say that before. Mmmm.This was all too much, and with a force I didn’t know she possessed, she clamped my head and dropped over the edge. I slowed, then stopped my tongue and fingers as she slowly came down. As I rose from my spot, I took a moment to just enjoy the view. Then I gently eased her up the bed, under the covers, and spooned her.It was several minutes before she spoke. “I love you. Thank you.”“I love you too.” I basked in the moment. It was more than a fantasy. It was more than sex. We’d connected. Before I drifted off, I thanked God for my wife. This was wedded bliss.