I came home from walking in the woods with our son. He ran into the next room to play with his sister. My attention left him as it was caught by the tight exercise pants that hugged Ashley’s round butt. Her long legs and sculpted ass created a swell in my cock that drew me in.I went over to where she stood cooking in the kitchen and squeezed her firm butt, and then also noticed she wasn’t wearing a bra.She started rubbing the silk base layer I was wearing from my time outside. The soft silky smoothness seemed to turn her on.She turned back to her cooking and I became mesmerized by her butt. Since we were alone in the room and out of view of any young prying eyes, I took my cock out of my pants and began to masturbate to the sight of my wife’s sexy buttocks.She turned around and saw me. She smiled, came up to me and started rubbing me, then squatted down with her strong legs and put my penis in her mouth. Small but beautiful details about her caught my attention, like the small of her back showing under the hem of her sweater, and the red, sparkly Christmas nail polish on her fingers wrapped around my hard penis. She moved her head back and forth on the top half of my cock, salivating all over me.She began to slow down. “I want to make this last all day,” she said, “to keep you coming back for more.”“Mmh, bring me to the edge,” I asked, and so she started again.She went faster, using both hands, and pulling me deeper into her mouth. Ashley stroked and sucked, and I reached under her sweater to flick and squeeze her nipples in the same rhythm she was giving me head. She brought me to the edge… but no further—for now.A guest came over for dinner, so we had to keep our ongoing affections subtle, but I couldn’t help but keep noticing her butt in the pants she still wore, and her braless tits moving in her sweater.Later that night, we got a chance to relax alone together and sit on the couch watching Rambo. I took that opportunity to massage her half naked body. I stopped only to type this and share it with you. Who knows where the night will go?