(L) – This story contains strong language.My wife and I were on our way to a hotel to survey it as a potential site for a conference we were hosting. It had been a few days since we’d fucked, and with a rare chance to get away and leave our kids with a sitter, we were both quite horny. It was cold outside, making the warmth of her hand stroking my leg in the car much more exciting. My whole body was sensitive, and my dick swelled in my pants as she lightly brushed past it.In our early days of marriage, we’d often spent time masturbating in the car. She’d pull her skirt and panties off, put her feet on the dash, and open her pussy for me to watch as she fingered her cunt and rubbed her clit. The idea of people looking in our car windows and seeing her nude, fucking herself, always turned us both on. Soon, her fingers would be slick with wetness, and she’d offer them to me so I could taste her sweetness.I was thinking about this as we drove, but knowing we had to speak to someone at the hotel kept us from getting totally naked while on the road. Still, we were still quite horny, and my wife had played in her panties for a little and allowed me to taste, leaving the scent of her cum on my lips as we pulled up to the entrance.When we got to the front desk, the receptionist greeted us, and we shared our purpose for being there. She told us she would find someone to host us and give us a tour of the grounds. She picked up her phone, made a call, frowned, and hung up after a few minutes. She told us that she was short-staffed that day and apologetically handed us a key card to check out one of the rooms and a map of the grounds around the resort. Immediately, I felt my cock surge in my pants. I was going to take my wife on a tour of the hotel and fuck her.We walked straight to the room, and as soon as the door was shut behind us, she grabbed me and put her tongue in my mouth while unbuttoning my pants. As they fell to the floor, she got on her knees and began to suck my full, curved cock. She licked my pre cum off and swallowed it before reaching up, grabbing my balls with one hand, and continuing to suck me off.As I came close to the edge, she stood up, unzipped her jeans, and bent over the dresser that was in the room. My wife is 5’10” with long, blonde hair, long, shapely legs, creamy, soft skin, full breasts and a gorgeous ass.Now with a slick, swollen pussy waiting for me and her fingers rubbing her clit, she invited me to pound her cunt from behind.My cock slid into her wetness, and I moaned, trying to contain myself, hoping no one was going to show up to help us with the tour. I thought they would get a pretty great show if they did.Pounding my wife and feeling her pussy clench around my dick, I exploded in her, filling her with load after load of my white hot cum. When I was spent, I pulled my cock out only to have one more stream shoot out on her ass hole. Seeing my jizz on her ass made me hungry to taste more. I spun her around, pants still around her ankles, and positioned myself on my knees with my face in her pussy. She sighed deeply, moaned, and whispered, “Oh Fuck!”I slid my tongue in her pussy and did my best to clean out and swallow the vast amounts of spunk I’d put in her. Then, with my mouth slick with my cum, I began to lick her clit, doing everything I could to make her scream and give away to the whole hotel just how great our tour was going.“Do you like eating your cum out of my pussy?” She asked.I moaned, nodded my head, and continued licking her hungrily.She pulled her shirt up and began to massage her breasts and pinch her dark pink tits. I reached down and began to jack off, taking in the view of her rubbing her gorgeous tits while I tasted her soaked pussy.It was all too much for her and she came hard, her legs clenched around my shoulders, her pussy gushing on my chin, and her mouth whispering, “Oh God! Fuck! Oh Fuck! Oh, Fuck me!Doing our best to straighten up, we hurriedly tidied ourselves and the room and quickly walked around the grounds before returning the key to the front desk. When we got to the car, my wife took her pants off, exposing her long legs and black thong there in the mostly empty parking lot before getting in the car. Grabbing a bottle of lube from the glove box, she began to replay the scenario on the drive home while we played with ourselves. She even included a fantasy about a busty hostess catching us and enjoying the show. Turns out we think a lot alike.