I am the luckiest man alive. I am married to a beautiful and loving woman who still enjoys sex at a far more regular rate than any of our friends of a similar age. Don’t get me wrong, you don’t get to your early 50s and not have a few physical setbacks along the way, some of which I have written aboutin previous postings.Lucy is now a 52-year-old woman but as gorgeous as the day we met. She works tirelessly in the gym and at the beautician’s to maintain her looks. Though still only peri-menopausal at 52 with periods as regular as clockwork, we do have to resort to modern-day lubricants sometimes to fend off the dreaded vaginal dryness that all women reading this will be aware of at this time of life.Lucy also resolutely believes that with her vagina, it is “use or lose it.” So as much as time and life allow, she maintains a 48-hour rule. That means she never goes more than 48 hours without an orgasm. The vast majority of them she shares with me, even if I cannot partake with her at her level of regularity.So, this brings us to the morning that I am sharing with you today. Although I don’t keep a mental diary of Lucy’s “48” lifestyle, I am usually aware when she has allowed it to slip by a day and always more than happy to lend a hand—or mouth, or penis—or to serve as the toy-user for her gratification. However, last weekend, we had been out watching England play in the FIFA World cup at a friend’s house, and we got home very late and ever so slightly drunk.Lucy, unusually for her, dressed for bed in a mid-thigh length white satin chemise. When I came out of our newly decorated en-suite bathroom to get into bed, I could not help but notice her beauty as she sat, removing her makeup. I walked up behind her, wrapped my arms around her gorgeous body, and began kissing the back of her neck while my hands slid up to caress her breasts through the softness of the chemise.“Not tonight, gorgeous. It’s late,” came the response, and we both climbed into bed for our regular night-time kiss and snuggle. It’s something we have maintained every night before assuming the spoons position for sleep, with my right hand held firmly against her left breast.We woke as usual shortly after 9 a.m., with little or no plans for the day. Both our children are away at university, and a lazy Sunday lay ahead of us. The usual Sunday morning joke was shared between us over who would make the coffee, to which she replied, “You make the coffee, I supply the sexual services!”I went downstairs to make two small espressos to give us our morning caffeine hit. Then I returned to bed and snuggled in next to Lucy, who always seemed to look as gorgeous first thing in the morning as she does at any other time of the day.Sunday morning sex was a regular on the calendar, and I was fully expecting a morning of love and passion to begin once the caffeine and the Tadalafil had had time to take effect. Lucy, however, had other ideas that day. She could, when she wanted to, be the best type of prick-tease a man could want. I was about to find out, in no uncertain way, that today was going to be one of those days.We hugged and kissed, our hands exploring each other’s bodies, and the temperature in the bed began to rise—as did my erection. I started to look forward to making love to the woman of my life. For me, it had probably been three or four days since my last orgasm, and Lucy had my full attention by now as a copious amount of pre-cum began leaking from the head of my engorged cock. In turn, the wetness in her sex was testament to her own orgasm gap, as there was clearly not going to be any need for lubricants today.I love fucking Lucy when she is dressed for bed, and rarely do I remove what she wears for sex; I simply pull the straps off her shoulders to gain access to her breasts and enjoy the softness of what she is wearing against my skin as we make love. So I began to slide down her body, pausing briefly to tease her nipples before descending under the duvet, where I could smell her sex from a foot away.Lucy waited until I was about to lean into her pussy, then said, “Get back up here,” and closed her legs tightly to prevent my access.I moved back to her head, and we kissed passionately. I knew she was playing me, but I was defenseless against her plans. She rolled us onto our sides, and we kissed gently for a few more minutes. Lucy had a look in her eyes that I recognized. Although we have been married for almost 20 years, I still cannot read her thoughts, but I knew not everything was 100%.“Why don’t we leave this until tonight,” she said, combined with her sweet apologetic smile that wins me over every time.As I said at the beginning, I am lucky enough to be blessed with a woman who enjoys a lot of sex, so the occasional “not right now” moment never bothers me, even if my cock had other drug-induced ideas at the moment.“Of course, gorgeous.” I gently kissed her again.“ I love you so much. You know that, don’t you?” she said. “Why don’t you shower first. With the new controls, I had a problem getting the right temperature yesterday.”I gave her one last kiss, slipped out of bed with my cock still semi-hard, and headed for the newly decorated en-suite bathroom.“Save that for me for tonight,” Lucy said, pointing at my cock as I passed her.  I smiled back at her, and any thoughts I had of some self-pleasure had also been rumbled.The bathroom had just been finished two days ago, and we had only moved back into our bedroom the night before. It was a dream bathroom we had fitted: a fully glazed two-person shower with multiple shower heads, complete with his and hers sinks. The only small issue was that, in order to fit everything in as we wanted, we had to re-position the toilet from the side of the shower to directly opposite the shower. It lessened any privacy if “sharing facilities.” But after nearly 20 years, basic bathroom activity was common between us, and Lucy especially never thought twice about answering the call of nature if I was in the shower. However, the new layout would offer a full frontal of Lucy should she wish to use the toilet, whereas before was only side-on.I reset the temperature of the shower to a mutually acceptable one and began to wash, and about a minute later, Lucy walked in, still wearing her chemise. She sat down on the toilet and answered the call of nature. She saw me look at her sitting there in full view as she weed and said, “This might take a bit of getting used to.”For a split second, I thought that we should have stopped the designer before we agreed to this.But then, instead of standing after she finished, Lucy spread her legs wide apart, affording me a full frontal of her pussy from about four feet away. Her right hand promptly descended back to the wetness of her pussy; I was getting a show! Her eyes closed, and her left hand began exploring her breasts as she openly started pleasuring herself.My eyes fixed on the live show being acted out in front of me as much for my pleasure as hers, and it quickly started to reverse the softening of my cock. Lucy’s eyes opened as she continued to play and focused on my hard member standing to full attention.“Have you washed it yet?” Lucy asked with that naughtiest of looks in her sex-starved eyes. Without hesitation, I squeezed some shower gel into my hand and began to lather up my cock, giving Lucy a full frontal in return.Lucy is often silent during sexual encounters but speaks through her eyes. I rarely can read them fully, but I knew that behind those eyes was a sex-craving brain, now high on sexual energy.She removed her hand from her pussy and seductively licked her fingers before standing and turning to flush. Then, still wearing the chemise, Lucy entered the shower cubicle with me, and we embraced under the water. The kiss was electric, and her hand immediately found its way down to my cock and gently washed away any remaining soap lather from it. Then she pulled away from me, turned around, and faced the wall.“Fuck me now,” were the first words she spoke since entering the shower with me.I needed no second invitation, and I lifted up the back of her chemise and slipped fully into her wetness with one long press. Her right hand descended again to her pussy, pleasuring herself as I began rhythmically thrusting into her.“I said fuck me, not pleasure me.” Lucy’s next words were a clear statement that she wanted harder, faster penetration to fulfill her sexual desires. She moaned with pleasure as I picked up both the intensity and speed of my thrusting inside her, and with her fingers still busy on her clit, it was obvious that her orgasm was fast approaching.I felt my own orgasm building, and my reciprocal moans gave Lucy the usual early warning of the impending release of seed into her wetness. Without warning, Lucy stood upright, pulling my cock from her wetness. She turned, faced me, and began to peel off her soaked chemise to reveal her pert nipples and magnificent breasts. Then she knelt in front of me, and her hand descended again with purpose.I knew this was it; this was when Lucy was now fully engaged with the connection between her brain and her pussy. I grabbed my cock and, without hesitation, began stroking in front of her.  Her eyes once again fixed on my engorged member as she rubbed furiously to relieve her craving.There had not been too many occasions when the full frontal of Lucy’s beautiful body was open as a target for my impending release in the full glory of daylight, and I was not in any mood to pass on the invitation in front of me. My orgasm began to consume me, the first explosive spurt hitting her just on the end of her nose and top lip. Her mouth stood open in anticipation of my lust for her, and the fluid trickled into it and was seductively scooped up with her tongue. The site of this quickly brought on my second and third spurts, which hit her neck and breasts, covering her with my love juice.With her fingers still working their magic between her legs, she leaned in and sucked my twitching post-orgasmic cock deep into her mouth. Simultaneously, her own orgasm crashed over her.My cock fell from her mouth as wave after wave took over her body. I had watched Lucy orgasm thousands of times, and I knew that this was a biggy. I stood there watching the show playing out in front of me for our mutual pleasure.As Lucy began to come down, she allowed her hand to leave her pussy. She stood up and pressed her sex-covered fingers into my mouth, then pushed us both back under the running water.Lucy washed what was left of my cum off her face and handed me the bottle of shower gel. I had washed Lucy in the shower many times after sex and knew what she wanted. I began lathering up her body and gently washing away the remains of my passion from her neck, breasts, and body. But what I really craved was to slide my fingers into her wet pussy and feel for myself the wetness we had induced together. But as my lathered hand descended in the direction of her sex, it was met with her own hand firmly clenching my wrist.“Oh no you don’t. You can go now; I’ve used you for sex. Bye.” And with that, I was pushed backward out of the shower cubicle, leaving Lucy to finish cleaning herself.As I stood at my sink brushing my teeth, I could watch Lucy in the mirror fumbling with the shower controls trying to work out how to get the directional jets to turn on. She quickly discovered the control that sent pulses of at first cold, but then hot water jets streaming over her legs, and one made direct contact with her pussy. A low quiet moan escaped her as the jet pulsated against her still throbbing sex. I finished cleaning my teeth and turned to watch.“Are you still here? I said you can go,” Lucy said as she glanced up and saw me watching her. Clearly, I had been dismissed, so I turned around and left the bathroom to a shout of, “Don’t forget to close the door! A lady needs privacy in the bathroom.”As the door clicked, I waited outside, and it was only moments later that a second orgasm began to crash over her.I think I am going to enjoy our new bathroom, as will Lucy.