It was a quiet Tuesday evening. Nothing out of the ordinary or entertaining was happening, so Ben and I decided go to bed a tad early—7:30 p.m. We locked up and shut everything down, then went and showered together.After our shower, we turned on the bedroom television with the volume turned all the way down. I painted my toenails and fingernails as Ben skimmed through one of his Outdoorsman magazines. Neither one of us was really sleepy, to be honest, and not a whole lot was said.As I waited for my nails to dry, I played a game on my phone that I had installed the day before. After about ten minutes, I shut off the game, deciding to check out MarriageHeat. After reading a couple stories, I found myself getting a bit aroused (not uncommon) and started running a finger over my left nipple.“What’cha looking at?” Ben asked with a smile, seeing my actions.I looked over at him, laughed, and then said, “Just reading a few stories on MH.” My face felt heated, as did my pussy.“I figured as much. Why don’t you read one to me, and let’s see where this goes,” Ben said, running his fingers through my hair.“Okay!” I replied, and I began to read. We had read MH stories to one another before while we masturbated together, and I was feeling the need for a good orgasm. I figured this was going to be one of those nights.I read a few stories, occasionally touching my moist cunt as I read. Glancing over at Ben, I could see he had taken his cock in hand and was slowly stroking it until it was firmly erect.Suddenly my phone rang. It was our daughter Alicia! That girl always had impeccable timing.“Hello!” I answered as I looked over at Ben, who had stopped stroking and lay there smiling with his hard dick on display.“Hey! What are ya’ll up too?” Alicia asked.“Not much! Just laying in bed. How about yourself?” I answered.“Really! Already? Or am I interrupting something?” Alicia said with a laugh.“No, just laying here reading.” I replied. About that time, Ben reached between my legs and touched my pussy. I gasped slightly as he began to lightly finger me.“Mom, are you okay?” Alicia asked.“Yes, I’m fine!” I replied, as I half heartedly pushed Ben’s hand away and mouthed for him to stop. But he was persistent in his actions.Let me tell you, it was extremely difficult to concentrate on what Alicia was talking about. Finally, I ended the phone call by saying I felt tired and had to go.“You shit!” I exclaimed with a laugh, after hanging up with Alicia.Ben laughed, then we kissed. It was a hot passionate kiss that made me melt. I wanted and needed him so badly. But he broke the kiss and moved back from me.“I don’t believe you finished the story, sweetheart,” Ben said with a sarcastic grin.Story? What story? Hell, I couldn’t remember where I left off. My brain was in a fog of desire, and getting fucked was my way out of it. But Ben was insistent that I finish the story—from the beginning, of course.As I re-started the story, Ben began to rub and finger my pussy. His thumb and forefinger stroked and tugged at my clit, and I struggled to concentrate. My breathing grew deep, then shallow, as I began to pant the words out. Finally, I could take no more as my orgasm began to rise and build inside me.“Ohhhhh, baby! Your gonna make me cum! Ohhhhh-Ohhhhhhhh, yessss, cummming!” I panted as my orgasm took over my body and had me trembling. I damn near dropped my phone off the bed.As I lay there coming down from my orgasm, Ben smiled, and we kissed passionately once again. He then began to kiss his way down my body until he reached my swollen and wet cunt.“Read another story!” Ben said, then kissed my pubic mound.With ragged breath, I began to read Climaxx’s story, “I’ll Wait For You” as Ben started to pleasure my pussy with his mouth. I whimpered as I felt his finger lightly trace and tease my asshole. The pleasure was intense, but I continued to read.“Fuck, baby! Don’t stop! Yes, just like that! Ohhhhhhhh, yessssss! ” I cried as my body tensed with yet another orgasm. My juices spilled into his mouth and onto his lips.Ben looked up at me, his lips glistening as he began to kiss his way back up my body. I shivered slightly as we kissed, our tongues meeting with the taste of my pussy on his lips.I set my phone down as Ben mounted me, then groaned as he suddenly thrust into me. His cock filled my pussy so wonderfully as he slowly began to thrust.As is our custom, we looked into each other’s eyes as we fucked. The sound of our lovemaking filled the room. We were hungry for one another, and it definitely felt like it. Ben grunted and groaned as he pumped his cock into my hungry cunt. His balls slapped against my ass in rhythm to his thrusting.“I love you so much! Fuck me! Fuck me, baby!” I panted as I worked my hips to meet his until I orgasmed once again. Then I wrapped my legs around his, pulling him deeper and holding him there as I rode my wave of pleasure.“Cum for me, baby! I want you to cum for me! Let me watch you release your cum fountain. I want to feel your nut gravy on my body!” I panted as Ben continued to thrust into me.We kissed passionately once more before Ben pulled out and got up on his knees between my legs. His dick was hard and glistening with my juices as he took it in hand and began to beat his meat in rapid strokes. I fingered my pussy as I watched, egging him on.“Gonna cum!” Ben growled. I watched his face grimace, his body jerk, and his cum erupt from his cock. It landed on my pubic hair and stomach.So, in closing, let me say that, yes, MH definitely does inspire hot sex. Thank you to all the wonderful, horny writers who share their stories of hot monogamy. Your stories truly inspire Ben and me, and we are so grateful. God bless you all, and stay horny!