(A) – This story contains anal play, including analingus.It was already dark as I turned the key in the front door of our apartment. As I opened the door and stepped out of the steady rain, I first noticed the sound of music playing on the small Bluetooth speakers in our kitchen, followed closely by the delicious smell of homemade hamburgers cooking.“Hey, Baby!” I heard the breathy, high-pitched, familiar voice of my new wife, Vanessa call out.We had been friends for a while before slowly falling in love. I had usually been interested in short, petite girls when I was growing up, but Vanessa’s stature was impressive, at least compared to other women. That, combined with her heavyset frame, meant that I was just as surprised as anyone when I first began to feel something more for her than just a sense of close friendship. Whether I saw her physical form as a part of her own unique attributes, or challenges, or perhaps a little bit of both—either way, her form had become in my mind simply a part of her own unique body—the body of the woman I loved dearly.I walked over to her, my body exhausted, and wrapped my arms around her frame, pressing my chest deep against her full bosom.“Honey, you smell, uh, really sweaty,” she said with a smile and a laugh. “Maybe you should take a quick shower while I finish making your dinner.”I didn’t need much convincing. It had been a long day of working overtime at the Center for Forensic Psychiatry—a half-prison, half-hospital facility for those found Not Guilty by Reason of Insanity (a.k.a. “NGRI”) where I worked at the time. I longed to feel the near-scalding hot water wash away the challenges and aches of my day.After I had stood under the water’s spray for several minutes, I heard the door creak open, and a soft shuffling sound of fabric being displaced and falling to the linoleum floor. I drew back the shower curtain and peeked out—there was my young wife Vanessa, taking off the last article of clothing, her large breasts swaying with the motion and her coarse, dark, slightly sweaty hair clinging to her temples.“I’ve gotten pretty sweaty, too, working in that tiny kitchen. So… I thought I could use a shower too!” she said with a playful smile.As she stepped into the tub, it creaked and protested slightly under our combined weight. To my surprise, she didn’t waste any time, but quickly got down on her knees in front of me, took hold of my partially-erect penis, and began kissing it tenderly with her full lips. My breath caught and a sudden gasp escaped my lips. She looked up at me, then looked down as she focused on the task at hand. She began to tease the tip ever so softly with her tongue—I was rock hard and at full mast by this point—and then took the head of my cock inside her mouth and began sucking and licking it slowly and deliberately.“Mmmhh?” she moaned, as if asking a question.“OHHHhh yes, Babe. It feels amazing. Keep going.”She did keep going. My knees began to buckle just a bit as she found a new spot that I liked.“Mmmmmhhhh?” she asked more urgently.I was shaking by now; a groaned “don’t stop” was all I could muster.In response, she began furiously licking the sensitive spot on the underside of the erect head of my cock, the spot that had practically turned my knees to water just moments before. With a gleam in her eyes, she attached her mouth to the spot as if she were a virtuoso playing a piccolo, and sucked as if her life depended on it. I let out a primal scream and came in sheets, my thick, hot semen coating the walls, splashing on her hair, and spurting onto her full coral-colored lips, her tongue licking up the aftermath.I leaned against the wall as she slowly cleaned me up, before washing her own hair and stepping out of the shower.As I was still catching my breath, the door opened again, and Vanessa appeared, dressed in a half-open bathrobe, her large breasts hanging out in a way that made me glad I had asked her to marry me, and that she had said yes.She handed me an open bottle of my favorite beer through the gap between the shower curtain and wall, and told me that my dinner was ready whenever I was.After a delicious homemade dinner, she took me to bed, let the bathrobe fall away to the floor like a space shuttle discarding its boosters, and lay in the bed on her slight potbelly, her large breasts splayed to either side of her as she propped herself up with her forearms, her rosy cheeks set alight by her earrings.The sweeping, creamy-yellow curves of her naked ass beckoned to me. I had never seen anything quite like that in real life. She may have not had the tight waist of a porn star, but she definitely had the tits and ass of one. I was just glad she was mine.Vanessa stared at me. As if reading my mind, she slowly lifted her rear end, supporting the lower half of her body with her knees.“Is this better?” she asked seductively.I nodded breathlessly, my cock throbbing and hard. I began by slowly kissing her large ass cheeks, which slowly transitioned into passionately licking and slurping them with my tongue as if they really were made of a thick, yellow cream. I worked my way closer to her small, coral-colored anus, nuzzling, nibbling, and finally pressing my face as far into it as I could with the hunger and desperation of a starving man, kissing it deeply and passionately. She squirmed and gasped, then let out a deep, guttural moan. I felt so aroused I thought I might black out.I backed up to steady myself and looked down at my twitching, rock-hard cock, precum beading on the tip. I moved forward, pressing it against her anus, rocking myself against her as she gasped and shook. I reached around her, bracing my calloused, deeply tanned hands against her upper legs, and firmly entered her pussy from behind, thrusting with passion. For the next couple of minutes, the sky was the limit, our primeval moans and wild exultations mingling and resounding throughout our small apartment as we pressed and rocked with reckless abandon. Our hand-me-down mattress creaked and groaned like it was about to give way beneath us.She continued to press against me, her breath coming in shallow gasps as I groped and blindly fondled her firm nipples and large tits as they swayed hypnotically with our constant motion. Pretty soon, I had my second orgasm of the night, and she had two at once.As we came down from our mutual high, I heard “Best Thing I Never Knew I Needed” by Ne-Yo begin to play in the background, as my wife had left her playlist on in the kitchen. As we lay there in the afterglow, I was once again reminded just how much I loved Vanessa and couldn’t imagine my life without her.