(L) – This story contains strong language.And so my sex life became more enjoyable as the days passed. It seemed as if Ruby was taken the lead in everything. The more she became assertive, the more I became accustomed to her wild demands. Once the dust had settled, I became more obsessed with her attitude to her openness regarding her clothes.One day she asked, “Would you mind if I go pantiless in public, dressing to show off my wares? I mean, not lift my dress. But yes, at times I may just like to expose my vagina!”I hesitate for a while, then smiled.“No problem, I think you have something special. Besides, it could enable us to fuck at anytime, if we desired,” I responded.Remember, Ruby is my wife, and she likes to be bold in her approach. I could instantly feel my penis hardening when she spoke about those things.And so we went ahead and at her first chance, Ruby “dressed up” as we went for a drive. Midway, her hands went to my cock. I could feel her stroking it from over my pants. I was getting harder. We approached a beach parking area, so I pulled off and found a suitable area where we wouldn’t be easily spotted. Ruby was not too perturbed as she unzipped me and exposed my swell. Without many words, she pulled up her dress, exposing a shiny-looking pussy—a pussy that she had been stroking with her other hand.“You mean you have been fondling yourself, while stroking my cock?” I remarked.“Yes, that’s why I refrained from wearing panties! Now shut up and let me suck you.”I was over the moon as she engulfed my penis in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around my head, which resulted in my pre-cum oozing. This she used as lubrication to bob her head up and down, until her lovely nose was touching my balls. Though it required some awkward positioning, I managed to fondle her little erect clitoris. When she took a break from sucking me, I lubed up her clit with some of her saliva and pre-cum which was now rolling off my shaft.“Oh my God,” she moaned with excitement. “I am going to make you cum!” She looked up at me and added, “I’ll wait a while as you’ll be soft, before you fuck me.”I didn’t even have time to answer as I shot thick slime like strings into her mouth. This was no problem with her. Like a pro, she kept on sucking. Finally, she looked up at me, teasing me by showing me some semen on her tongue. She made sure my cock was cleaned out completely. Ruby released me, pulled her dress down and pulled my zipper up.“Let’s go for a walk,” she said.Of course I obliged, and we went down onto the beach. I felt so horny walking among people thinking what a nice blowjob I’d just had from my wife—a wife who I knew was pantiless. We walked about for a while, then left the beach and found a coffee shop. We settled down for some coffee and cakes. All along, I caught glimpses of my wife’s nakedness under her dress. I guessed others might be able to see as well, since she had a real short dress on.“Ready to go back to the car?” she asked with a smile.I nodded as we made our way back to our vehicle. Instead of getting in the front seat, we hopped into the back seat. She lay flat, pushing her one leg between the two front seats. I got in from the other side, and dropped my pants to below my knees. The only words that came out from her were “Fuck me!” I climbed atop her and found the hole I was looking for, and with a hard thrust I was in.“OH! Go for it!” she screamed as I pushed my erection deep into her wet pussy.It was a scream of great excitement as she wobbled up and down. I thrust into her over and over. We rode one another, using words and vocabulary of the utmost enhanced rudeness, which we enjoyed to the fullest. I could feel my swell as my climax approached, and she was close too. With mighty force, she shuddered as my cream spurted deep inside her vagina.“More, more, more!” she screamed. I emptied my semen into her, not caring if the seat got soiled.We relaxed for a minute after climaxing together. Then she got up, licked my penis clean, and grabbed the wet wipes to clean herself up. I pulled up my pants, and she straightened up her dress. We jumped into the front seat and drove home, and my head was filled with wonderful thoughts of the sex-crazy woman I married.