(L) – This story contains strong language.My vagina had been fucked raw—both by his penis and his fingers. I was laying there in the aftermath in pure bliss. There was even a slight bit of blood smeared on my thigh from him roughly finger fucking me and wiping off the aftermath.With a little blood andlotof cum on my thighs, I lay there thinking about how fully I’d been satisfied, and how immensely I needed this. Yes, I wanted to be fucked until I was fucked raw. A starving passion in me was desperate to be filled, and fill it he did.My hormones rise and fall in a monthly cycle like most every woman of childbearing age. I believe this to mean that, while I’m not equally horny all of the time, it peaks beyond measure at the right time.This means that I can range from nearly asexual to extraordinarily hyper sexual. I don’t think I need to tell you which end of that spectrum I was on tonight.There was a spot deep inside of me simply begging to be demolished—by a hand, a penis… a toy? I didn’t care what was used, it just needed to be ravaged. I can’t describe it any other way.It was an itch needing to be scratched, except much more intense than that. It was a burning desire that existed in a patch of nerves inside of me that must be triggered again and again in order to be satisfied.I needed to be stretched, filled, and pounded again and again until I reached the limits of what my vagina could handle, and then more. It can make me go crazy with desire, and at times it does.Luckily, I have a willing and able husband at the ready, seemingly at any time, to take on the challenge of satisfying me to my hearts content. It doesn’t just make me lucky, it makes me one of the luckiest people alive in my opinion. Let me tell you now in exquisite detail how my husband satisfies my every desire, starting with an impromptu fingering.I had been throwing not-so-subtle hints his way of how I was feeling this day, saying how sexy he was every few minutes as we spent the evening together. We had been playing a video game together—although it was really him playing and me mostly watching and commenting. Then he took the bait.“Take your pants off,” he instructed before heading for a bathroom break.I took them off immediately.When he returned, he stated matter-of-factly, “It’s time to cum.” He licked his fingers and spread my thighs firmly with his other hand. As he entered me, my wetness stuck to his hand and glistened on his fingers as he pulled them in and out of me, ramming my aching G spot at a fast pace.“Ahhhhhh,” I moaned while rolling my eyes back. I couldn’t even utter a sound during the near-instant orgasm, as it rendered me speechless. He kept going at a slower pace after its conclusion.“Mmmmh” I hummed contentedly, but the pleasure quickly started escalating again. He moved faster again. I braced myself for a second orgasm, but as it was nearing the peak, he slowed down again before slowly removing his fingers, clear wetness stringing from my cunt to his fingers. He looked at my fluids on his hand and played with the sticky juices, giving me a mischievous grin.“We’re not done here. If you want more, you’ll have to be patient, good girl.”He had made his statement loud and clear. My G spot was now even more swollen, tender and needy. I had been given just a taste of what I desperately craved before having it taken away.  He wasn’t a fan of my teasing comments unless I was planning on acting on it.“Do you want to go to the bedroom?” he asked tauntingly, knowing I wanted that more than anything.“Please,” I begged, with my face flushed red and wetness spreading over my cunt and thighs.“Okay, come on then,” he said. “Let’s fix you up. I have something for you.” He started heading for the bedroom and I eagerly followed him.He took his clothes off and lay on the bed, exposing his sexy, naked body to me. I threw off my shirt and hopped on top of him, straddling his thigh. I immediately went for what I wanted, touching his belly gently as I lowered my head towards his dick.His scent was intoxicating. I started humping his leg instinctively while licking and sucking it. He encouraged me by petting my head and moving my hair out of the way for me. He placed his hand gently on my head while his penis became harder, stroking my hair.“You good girl!” he remarked. When he became fully erect, he stopped me, telling me to get on top of him, with which I eagerly complied, taking his penis and sliding it into my aching, leaking cunt.“Ahhhhh! Yes! Please!” I said, feeling it stretch me, gently easing much of the ache and tension I had been feeling in one movement.“You already have me inside of you darling” he reminded me. “What are you begging for love?”I responded by grinding my hips, doing my best to take him in and out of me as fast as I was able to, trying to stimulate my aching G spot more. But he just teased me! He didn’t move or hold steady enough for me to get exactly what I wanted. As I lowered down onto him, the bed gave way underneath, instead of him bracing up against me so I could go harder. I let out a frustrated groan. “Fuck me…. Please!” I could feel tears of frustration welling up in my eyes already, although I tried to stop them.“Okay, okay. I’ve teased you long enough,” he said, and began bucking his hips upwards to meet mine. Pleasure exploded through my body at that moment, igniting the nerves inside of me and sending a rush of chemicals to my brain. I continued riding him, this time achieving the stimulation I desired as he held steady and moved in time with me.“Yesss! Fuck me! Yes, please! Thank you! Thank you! Yes!” I cried over and over while riding his hard cock. I was entranced. He ordered me to lay on my back, which I did, then he continued fucking me harder.“Ahhhhhhh!” I screamed. “Yes, Bryce!” His cock pounded into me hard and fast until he pulled out as I was nearing orgasm. Warm semen spilled over my aching cunt, and I reveled in the sensation, panting heavily and repeating “please” over and over again.I was consumed in desire, in need. I couldn’t think of anything. The only thing I could think of was my aching hole. “Please make me cum. Please,” I repeated again as he wiped me clean.Licking his fingers, he casually placed them at my entrance, pausing to study the look of desperation on my face before hooking his fingers inside of me, drilling my g-spot with expert precision. His gaze never left my face as I threw my head back in pleasure becoming a moaning, writhing mess as the orgasm finally hit me.“No, wait!” I pleaded as he continued past the first one to another and another. He even continued while I was moving my hips in an attempt to get away from the explosive pleasure that was just too overwhelming for me to handle.“Wait, I can’t!” I said the second before being thrown into another wave of breathtaking pleasure, my body trembling and attempting to wiggle free of his relentless ambush on my pleasure spot. He finally pulled his hand out, allowing my body to relax.In the aftermath of pure bliss, he wiped blood and cum on my thigh, and kissed me before leaving me there, unable to move and high off of the relentless chemical rush.I had no words to say. I had been satisfied. The beast had been tamed. I floated slowly back down to reality, and there was not a single ounce of desire or need left in my body. There was only complete peace.