(L) -This story contains strong language.I was telling my wife Melody how grateful I was for her beautiful boobs and wondered if I’d get “boob time” today. Often I suck and tongue-flick her lovely raspberries (nipples) before she gives me my “off day” orgasm. I guess I’m hyper-sexual because I kinda need at least one orgasm per day. And orgasms with her sucking on my man nipples are better than masturbation orgasms by myself.Anyway, this morning I requested to suck her tits by saying, “Do I get boob time today?”My beautiful, kind, and sexy bride of 30+ years replied with a smirk, “I get boob time everyday!”It really made me laugh because it was so funny and true! Nearly daily she orally loves on my left nipple and manually on my right nipple as I pump myself to orgasm with my hand or with Julia. (Julia is my vibrating stroker that my wife got me.) Melody will also often stroke my cock for part of the time. We call this FMP—fixing my problem.Often Melody will stroke or squeeze my balls during this very pleasant FMP process. She does this on most days we are not having full sexual intercourse. And, of course, this activity is almost always done in foreplay on full-sex days. (Of course I always do some pussy-play as well during foreplay on full sex days.)Also, on full-sex days (which is every 3 days), after we’ve had our pounding fuck with me coming in her sexy pussy, and after she has had at least one orgasm, often she’ll give me a second orgasm by licking and sucking on my man nips as I again pump my rod.I absolutely adore my kind and sexy wife. She’s really intelligent too. I will admit that I’m truly obsessed with her beautiful boobies! But ever since she started oral stimulation of my man nipples on our honeymoon, it has become clear that she is obsessed with my “man boobs” too. No I don’t have big breasts but it turns out that I have very sensitive nipples. And she loves orally and manually stimulating my man-nips. On holidays, birthdays, and our anniversary fellatio is proceeded by oral sex on my nipples. Sometimes Melody has surprised me by going from oral on nips to BJ on regular days!Melody’s nipples lately have been overly sensitive at the start of a lovemaking session. So to begin with I have to be very gentle in my manual and oral ministrations of her titties. But by the middle of the sex session, and especially at the end of the pre-orgasmic stage, she likes her nipples sucked hard, tongue flicked vigorously, and finger tweaked hard. It helps bring her to climax every time. Often I’ll do “tip on nip” or rub my glans on her nipples. She buzzes her clitoris with her one of her vibrators.She has used a vibrator for years and we have found great sex positions to do where she can buzz her clitty while we fuck each other. No, I don’t fuck her. We clearly fuck each other and even a pounding marital fuck is still making love! By the way, lately my Melody usually needs me sucking, tongue-flicking, and pinching her raspberries for her to come. Her orgasms happen during foreplay or after sexual intercourse, sometimes during both.I should add that even on the days when we don’t have sexual intercourse, my Melody giving me at least one orgasm per day is clearly lovemaking too!Final note: Sometimes certain nipple stimulus feels weird. This is true for both of us. So we try another way and find something that works for us that day. Our bodies are not always the same each day and that is fine. It adds mystery to our sexual relationship.My discussion questions:1. Do any of you men also enjoy nipple play on your own man-nips? (From other posts and comments I know that some of you do.)2. In your marriage do you and your spouse find that occasionally on sex days certain nipple stimulus feels weird?3. Do you and your spouse find another way of stimulating each other’s nipples when the more “regular” way feels off?