This post contains strong language (L).Sunday mornings were special, full of sleep-in’s after sleepless nights of sex from the evening before.This morning, Mr. Ridley left me to sleep in. I got up, showered, and headed to the kitchen. He was naked, preparing breakfast. I stood and watched his back full of muscles; the triangle between his shoulders get me every time. My eyes travelled down his back to his trim waist, wishing my legs were wrapped around it.After a few minutes, I quietly walked over and put my arms around his waist from behind as he stood at the cooktop. I felt something brush my arm as I wrapped my arms around his waist. We cuddled, and I moved my arms around as I kissed his back. It touched me again. Reaching down, my hand was greeted by his big, hard cock. I continued to kiss him and caress his rock-hard member.Glimpses of last night’s fuck filled my mind, and I was so horny. It always gets me so wet to relive the ecstasy he gives to me.Mr. Ridley had still not said a word… not one.I grabbed the maple syrup from the bench behind me, put some in my hands, and slid them up and down his cock. He started to sigh as the silky sweet stickiness made it hard to concentrate on cooking.I kept working him over for about five minutes, and he began to moan. He pressed his cock into my hands, quickly turned off the stove, and spun around. His hand cupped my cheeks as he pulled me in, kissing me deeply, and our passion noises echoed in the room.I resumed my position pulling his cock. It was sticky yet smooth, slippery, and felt so amazing as his shaft glided through my circling hands. Pre-cum oozed out of the eye of his cock. He was ready… and not for food.Before I could get on my knees, Mr. Ridley started to explore me more. It was getting intense as his hands travelled over my body while I made his twitch.I had to taste his sweetness. I dropped to my knees and allowed my mouth to devour his cock. My head was bouncing up and down his mast.He had fistfulls of my long blonde hair, guiding me by my mane. I looked up at him as he was enjoying this show I put on for him. He threw his head back and tickled my tonsils with his excitement.Each time I went down on him, his breathing got heavier as I reached the base of his cock. He pressed against my mouth and pulled my hair, pre-cum oozing as he lubricated my mouth with his excitement. His panting and twitching intensified each time. The sweet sloppy sounds of my mouth pleasuring him echoed in the room as I devoured every inch of him.“Ah, ahh, ohhh…” escaped his lips I quickened my pace. I wanted him to explode in my mouth.“Oh,ohhh baby, fuck. Oh god, mmmmm. Eh, eh, ohhhhh…”  his reactions reached my ears every time he entered my mouth.Mr. Ridley was getting closer to ecstasy. He threw his head back and let out a massive, “Fuuuuccckk,” then “Ohh, shit, baby, don’t stop.”It was getting intense: when he was ready to cum, he was going to blow my head off. Lol.I looked up at him, and he guided me up by putting his hand on my chin and gesturing me to stand up. Of course, I surrendered to his touch and stood up. He quickly directed my hand back down to keep working him over. I picked up the pace as I resumed my previous position. He kissed me deeply, and this made my clit tingle. All I could think about was him getting all up in my business.As I pleasured him, running my hand up and down and twisting around his rock hard cock, he ran his hand up my inner leg. I was wet, and when I stood, I could feel it dribbling down my thigh. My snatch was hungry for him.“Mrs. Ridley,” he said, “what do we have here?” as he got all up in my wetness, which his excitement had created. I was ready to welcome him deep in me.Saying nothing, I went down on him again, kissing his shaft as he put his cock back into my mouth. I wanted him inside me badly, but I also wanted him to sprinkle his excitement down my throat. It only took a minute, and he was thrusting hard into my mouth. He grabbed my perky tits and squeezed my nipples, sending me into a frenzy to feast on him. Whispers escaped his lips.“Ohhh,” he moaned. Mr. Ridley gripped my tits as his body stiffened, and he pressed against me. What he was doing was almost going to make me cum, and he had barely touched me.“Fuuuuuccck, baby. Fuck me,” he screamed, “pleeease, before I blow.”I wanted him to blow and blow hard into me. I was torn. Did I keep going or let him pound my sweet spot into next week??? I couldn’t decide, so I kept going up and down, working him over.“Shit, babe. Ohhhh fuck, oh fuck.” It was time. Grabbing my hair, he guided his cock deep inside. He twitched, and one spurt of his sweet cum entered my mouth.Suddenly, he jumped off the bench. “Fuck, baby,” he said, “let me take care of you, then you finish me.” He lifted me up, lay me down on the bench, spread my legs, and feasted on me. While he was flicking his tongue all around my entrance, he made my back arch off the cool stainless steel beneath me. I wrapped my legs around his neck, and grabbed the bench above my head.It was like his tongue was like it was fucking me: hard, wet, and hitting the spot. Within seconds, he had me wanting to take him back in my mouth or for him to pound my snatch. It felt amazing. He put his right arm under my waist and arched my back as I lifted my pussy up to greet his mouth.“Wow. Ohh, ohh fuck.” I was ready to cum all over his face. “Eh, ohh, and here it comes.” Before I could get the words “I’m cumming” out, he was sucking down my love in his throat as I screamed.Mr. Ridley removed my legs from around his neck, pulled my bum to the edge of the bench, and feasted on me one last time before making his way up to my perky tits and then to my lips. He was making a meal of my tits, almost sucking them off as he helping me to my feet.We stood there embracing each other, having a very sensual, wet kiss. My hand found its way back down to his dripping cock as his fingers entered me one by one. Mr. Ridley began to finger fuck me in return. I love being fingered almost as much as being fucked.I lost count how many fingers he had in me, twisting them like a cork screw as he fucked me with them. When he lifted them up into me, it felt amazing. He rammed the full length of his fingers into me, making me stand on tippy toes as they entered me. That love-ecstasy feeling had me ready to cum, as his thumb brushed over my clit.“Fuck,” I said, “take me to the bed.”He spun me around and pressed me against the fridge. The cold feeling of my tits being squashed against the cool surface was exhilarating. Mr. Ridley’s hand travelled down my arm, tickling me. He followed the outline of my body and found his way back to continue to finger fuck me. I was so wet that the sloppiness sounds made as he inserted his fingers was incredibly hot. He spread my legs a little and thrust his cock against my backside softly while he fingered me, moaning in my ear and kissing the back of my neck while he did.He then bent his knees so that his cock found my entrance, and he slid right up inside of me.We both moaned as his hands cupped my tits and used them as handles as he slowly thrust, in and out, pushing me against the fridge. His pace stayed so sensual and slow before it became slow and sharp, and he entered his entire length into me. He knew this drove us both wild.He was mumbling a subtle “ohhh, ohhh” every time he thrust deep inside of me. The sounds were soooo HOT and turned me on.I reached down and began to tantalize and pleasure my clit. Wow, I was flooding down there. It was so silky and wet and felt amazing as he slowly fucked me.Mr. Ridley loved it when I pleasured myself. He reached around, grabbed me around my waist, and pulled me towards him. As he reentered me, he whispered “That’s it, baby. You know what seeing you do that does to me.”He thrust again and again with an “Oh shit” here and a “Fuck, yeah” there. The pace was still slow yet sharp as he began to pump me more firmly, guiding me with his hands on my hips. “Oh, oh, oh” escaped his lips, as he thrust his length three more times into me.Next, he spun me around, grabbed me by my hands, and raised them above my head. Kissing me, he entered me as we faced each other, and he pressed my back against the fridge.“Take me,” I mumbled between kisses. “I need all of you.”He ignored me, continued kissing me, but his cock eventually found its way back in.“Ohhh, fuck,” he yelled, and his thrusts were a little quicker, which made me twitch, wanting more.He kissed me and lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist, and he turned to sit me back on the bench, continuing to fuck me. I wrapped my arms around his neck, and he feasted on my tits as they bounced up and down in rhythm to him entering me.“I’m going to cum,” I cried.“Yesss,” he said, “please! Ohh!”The friction was ready to take over. I gripped on with my legs and said, “Deep, baby. Oh fuck, yeesss, oh yesss, ooooo my god.”He was amazing, it felt amazing, and I wanted more. “Keep fucking me,” I said. “Don’t stop!”“I don’t plan to, baby. I want to explode in you! But I’m trying not to cum right yet!”He was pounding me as we moved in closer to really allow the passion to take us both. I was gripping him around his waist and around his neck. We kissed and kissed as we panted and enjoyed the ride.My body stiffened.“You’re ready again, baby, aren’t you?” he said.I bit my lip and nodded. “Yes, yess. Oh god.”His body stiffened too. Everything was so intense; we both screamed, “Fuck!” and he began to twitch his juices into me.“Ohhh, shit. Oh,” he moaned.Another spurt came, followed by me saying, “More!”He moaned as he kept thrusting.“Fuck, I’m cumming again!” I said.He kept going, groaning in my ear. “Shit, baby, oh god, here it comes.”As he finished, I screamed, and we were both panting and out of breath. He picked me up and took me to the bed, kissing me the entire way. He laid me down on the bed, anf we kissed and rolled around for about five minutes before he sat up against the headboard and begged me to ride him again.Of course, I obliged, and straddled him. I fucked him again and again—then, and over the next few days. Those stories to follow.