This post contains strong language (L) and includes anal sex (A).My wife was in her summer routine by now: wake up, work out for 30-45 minutes, have her coffee and peanut butter toast for breakfast, then clean up in a relaxing bath before starting errands. Denise was still busy but with way less stress than when she was teaching second graders during the school year.I worked from home in a makeshift office from a small bedroom across the hall from the bathroom. I heard her start the bath water, and I swiveled my chair in her direction hoping to sneak a peek. After all these years of being married to her, I still love looking at Denise’s naked body. She caught me looking and gave me a mini strip show before sticking her tongue out at me and closing the door.“Aw, just when it was getting good,” I protested, then went back to my reports.I lost track of time and barely heard her come into my office. She hugged my neck from behind my chair and kissed the top of my head. “Do you have a lot of work, or can you spare some time to go for a walk with me? It’s gorgeous out.”“I would walk to the moon and back with you. Just give me ten minutes to finish this report.”Denise was right; it was gorgeous out, warm and sunny. The grass and trees were verdant, and the flowers were beginning to bloom. We live right by a park reserve and like to take its trails to a long wooden walking bridge. “Speaking of gorgeous, you look pretty gorgeous in that sun dress.”We got to the bench in the middle of the bridge where Denise stopped and said she had a rock in her sandal. She sat down and raised her leg over her lap to remove her sandal. That’s when my jaw dropped. As she sat and raised her leg, her dress went with it and exposed her pantiless self. Not only was she pantiless; she was hairless—completely bald down there.“Oops,” she said as if it were an accident to reveal her womanhood. I was so caught off guard that I couldn’t say anything; I just stared. I didn’t have to say anything though. I was just wearing a tee shirt and gym shorts sans undies. She could read my mind by the bulge in my shorts.“Good, you like my surprise,” she said as she brushed my cock through the thin fabric.“Like it? I want to attack you right here.” I started lightly touching her soft lips just as we heard the wood planks of the bridge start to rumble. Startled, we straightened up and did our best to act casual just as a biker sped by. We had a nervous laugh when the coast was clear and decided to head back home.The whole mile home we were speed walking and saying what we were going to do to each other when we got home. My dick was so hard I had to tuck it into my waistband so no one would notice. It wasn’t too comfortable, but we didn’t want the neighbors to talk. Denise said she was just hoping her pussy juices wouldn’t start running down her leg.Finally, we reached our door, rushed in, slammed the door behind us, and started attacking each other. We started kissing with the fervor of hungry animals, hands roaming, lips pursing, and tongues dancing in pure passion. As I took off my shirt, she tugged my shorts to the floor and had my steely rod in her hand, slowly stroking it. Then she started kissing the tip. She held my cock with one hand, lightly caressing my balls with the fingertips of her other hand and kissing and licking my shaft. She began working her saliva up and down my shaft and swallowing it at the same time.Denise got into a rhythm, with her hand and her mouth following each other over all my bulging veins and ridges as her other hand roamed over my sack, perineum, and ass crack. This was amazing! I felt the inevitable buildup of pressure about to erupt, and she must have felt it too, because she let go of me, but continued to engulf me. She reached behind herself, unfastened her bra, and lowered her sun dress just enough to expose her tits. She cradled her soft mounds in her palms and grabbed her nipples between her thumb and forefingers. “Cum on my tits. I want to feel that warm love juice spray my tits.”Thinking back to this, I’m pretty sure she said that so I wouldn’t cum in her mouth; but at the time, it was highly erotic. I grabbed my spit-soaked pole and began stroking away, not even thinking that I was masturbating right in front of my wife.Well, with the buildup of the long walk home and the incredible blowjob, I was pretty amped up. I launched a big stream of my love goo past her tits and onto her face and neck. The next streams landed on the intended targets. When I was done, she wiped the last droplet from the tip of my cock onto her nipple. She just looked up at me with those loving doe eyes, white creamy streaks decorating her cheek, lips, and chin. I will have that image etched in my brain forever.I lifted her up to her feet. “I love you.” I began to kiss her face and mouth clean like it was the most natural thing in the world, even though we had never done anything like that before.As we were kissing I felt the pressure of her hands on my shoulders. “My turn,” she said.I got the subtle hint and kissed my way down her body until I was on my knees. Lifting the hem of her dress over my head, I began teasingly kissing, licking, and nipping at the supple skin of her freshly shaven pussy lips. It was incredible how soft they were without the bristle of her pubic hair. I always love eating her pussy, but this took it to another level.She was enjoying it, too, as her fingers entwined in my hair to guide me to her pleasure spots. Denise then put her leg up on the bench in our entryway to give me better access. I had one hand caressing her perfectly formed ass cheeks and the other delving into her wet cavern as I licked and sucked her clit, and she fucked my face with determination.Then it happened: she froze and held my face buried in her crotch and nearly started convulsing. My face was soaked with her love nectar, but I loved it. I love giving her such pleasure.We managed to sit on the bench next to each other, resting our heads together and trying to catch our breath. After a moment, Denise looked down at my lap and got wide-eyed. “Have you been hard this whole time, or did you just get hard again?”“I don’t think I ever got soft. And besides, it really turns me on to turn you on.”She grabbed me by the trunk and led me upstairs to the bedroom. “If you are going to stay hard like that, I’ve got plans for you!”“Oh, do tell.”“Get up on the bed on your hands and knees.”“Yes, madam.”“No, I’m not going to be your dominatrix. I want to try something that I heard gives you harder erections and stronger orgasms.” She started massaging my ass with the coconut oil that we use for massages. “It massages your prostate; it’s just like a woman’s G-spot.” She carefully shoved abutt plug*into place. “How does that feel?”“My cock feels so hard it’s like the skin is going to split.”“Sit on the edge of the bed.” I did, and she straddled my legs with her back to me. “Ooooh.”It was almost soothing when my rock-hard shaft slid inside her drenched cunt. She began bouncing up and down as my hands roamed over her silky smooth skin and kissed her back and neck. I cradled her bouncing tits, and then moved my hand over her pubic mound as I ran a finger over her clit. She put her hand over mine and guided me to her sweet spot.This position was good, but I knew she wouldn’t get off like this; she liked it hard and fast. Soon she dismounted me and got on her hands and knees in the middle of the bed. I knew just what she wanted, but I stood back and admired the view of her nice round ass and those puffy lips protruding below. I had to have another taste. I ran my tongue from her clit over her wet slit and continued up to her sensitive puckered hole.She wiggled a little and said, “You naughty boy,” but didn’t tell me to stop. I alternated between my fingers and my tongue coating her dark pink star with her cunt juices.I could have played in the backyard all day, but I knew what she really wanted. She wanted me fucking her from behind, so I could really pound her twat. I sunk my rod into her wanton pussy. I grabbed her hips and rammed my meat into her love canal, my balls slapping her freshly shaved, oh-so-smooth pussy. Every once in a while I would feel a fingernail graze my sack as she was fiddling with her clit. I still had the butt plug in, and my cock felt about twice its usual size.Then I stole an idea from her. I grabbed the coconut oil and slowly work a finger into her ass. She was panting and whimpering, and breathlessly yelling, “Don’t stop!” as she got close to her orgasm. She reached behind her, grabbed my ass, and held me there as she started shaking from her second orgasm.I don’t know about other guys, but I get a great sense of accomplishment in satisfying my wife, and to do it twice is huge.She collapsed on the bed with me on top of her, and then we rolled to the side. As I slipped out of her, my cock sprang back and slapped my stomach.“You’re still hard?”“Yeah, I last longer the second time.”“Well, I think I’ve got something for that, but don’t think we can do this all the time.” With that, she grabbed the coconut oil and started coating my shaft. Then she got on her back, and with her hands under her raised legs spread her ass cheeks apart. “Be gentle though.”I lined my bulging head up with her back hole and slowly started easing my cock in. I could see that she was very apprehensive. I opened the headboard cabinet behind her head and grabbed a vibrating egg. Without letting her see it, I inserted it into her wet snatch and slowly turned it up.“Uuuh, that feels good.”I started massaging her tits, and before long she had forgotten about the cock in her ass. I started pumping, going a little deeper as I massaged, and before long I was all the way in. Wow, the sensations I was feeling: her tight sphincter muscles hugging my shaft, the vibrations from the egg in her pussy, along with my own ass stuffed… This couldn’t get any better!Then it did! She never says much when we are making love, but she knows it turns me on for her to talk dirty.“Yes, shove that big cock up my butt. You like that tight hole, don’t you? Oh fuck, that feels good. Bury that cock in deep. Cum in my ass. I want to feel you shoot that hot cum up my ass… Yeeeesss!”That was all it took. I erupted like a volcano. I came so hard that I was shaking and got light-headed. I nearly passed out. After I laid her on her side with me still inside her, Ididpass out.I learned later that she came a third time right when I came. I love working from home. I get to take my wife around the world and still be home for lunch. And I love my hot sexy wife.*Affiliate Link.Full Disclosure.