I was finishing up brushing my teeth at the marble basin of our ensuite, debating with my darling hubby through the wall.“You cannot tell me that wasn’t a forward!” I exclaimed.“Babe, it wasn’t! The ref called it, and they got the try—they even consulted the bunker!” – (That’s NRL code for video referee.)I spat out my toothpaste; “Well the ref needs to check his eyesight. Funny how the refs have the logo of one of Australia’s leading optometrists on their jersey as their sponsor… the irony!”My husband and I had had a good night watching the State of Origin with a few friends over. (And if you haven’t read the previous story about how that went down,click here.) I walked out of the bathroom to find my man lying across our queen-sized bed, his feet just hanging over the edge and his head angled towards me.“You’re just cranky that the Blues lost,” he said smirking.I screwed up my nose. “Yeah, I’m cranky if it’s not a fair game.”My team had lost two of the three games, which meant I would have to hear my husband gloating for the next 12 months about how the Maroons are undefeatable… starting tonight.“Well babe I know the game was good and all, but…” He paused and grinned. “Our… uh… little bathroom session was nice too.” His smile turned from a grin to a wide smile.“We could have been caught!” I snapped.He laid his hands behind his head, making his biceps bulge. I could feel my bare pussy become tingly at the sight. I was wearing an oversized shirt but stark naked underneath, unbeknownst to my husband.“Yeah, but what are our friends gonna do, huh? Scold us? Kick us out of our own house?”I giggled and rolled my eyes as I turned the ensuite light off. I made my way over to him and kneeled on the bed near his head. “I know, babe. I just wasn’t expecting it, is all.” As I said that, I could still feel the slight bruising on my pelvis where I had been pressed up against the basin. I can still feel it today as if I were in the moment and he was thrusting in me all over again. “It certainly wasn’t what I had in mind when I came home tonight.” I ran my fingers through his soft hair, which he had just taken out of its man bun.His eyebrow raised, “And what exactly did you have in mind, hmm?”My eyes panned down to his briefs, which now had quite a bulge in them. I then went back to staring at him, his big brown eyes staring back, his prominent jawline after a clean shave, his full, slightly pursed lips… And then the thought of how much I wanted those lips on mine suddenly came upon me.Pushing my hair behind my ear, I leaned down and kissed him. I felt him inhale sharply as our lips met, along with his hand that had been brought up the back of my head and interwoven with my hair. His tongue glided over the insides of my lips, the breath from his nostrils tickling against my chin.I thought kissing him upside down would be a bit harder, but it wasn’t. Think of the scene where Mary-Jane kisses Spiderman upside down in the rain after he saves her life; kinda like that, minus the rain, and the fact he’s not hanging from a strand of web but lying down, and that he’s not a superhero—though he likes putting on his Batman voice… but you get the picture.My coochie was getting damp, and my nipples began to pop out under my shirt, which was rubbing against them so softly. I moved my lips from his and down his chin to his neck. Mmmm. His cologne still lingered on him. He turned his head a bit as I kept going, probably thinking he was gonna suck on one of my titties… but I had different plans.Crawling over his torso, I rested a leg on each side of his head, reached for his briefs, and pushed them down his thighs; his hard dick sprang out quickly. I wanted to tease him, make him squirm, so I began kissing it, letting my tongue glide up and down.“Aw, babe…” I heard him mumble under his breath.Instantly, his hands grabbed my ass and pulled them down onto his face. His warm breath against my inner thigh turned into a wet kiss on my pussy. Sensational! I sucked the tip of his cock and felt his body tensing.Now his tongue was on my clit. I inhaled sharply and let out a moan as my lips left his member momentarily. My husband knows how to work his tongue, but I wasn’t going to be deterred. Now I took him whole into my mouth, feeling the tip in my throat and tasting his musty flavor on my tongue. I moaned again, wanting him to feel the vibration from my throat on his pulsating dick.His hands were squeezing my ass, and I could hear him eating me out, breathing heavily and making that sloppy wet sound with his lips. I was soaked at this point, and I could feel my orgasm already beginning to build. I sucked harder, bobbing my head up and down his shaft, hoping he would slow down on my pussy, but he didn’t. If anything, it made him go harder and his tongue went faster on my clitoris. There was no way I wanted to get off before him.“Baby, stop!” I exclaimed as I took my lips off his member.“What’s wrong? Did I hurt you?” he asked, panting, his hands still on my thighs above him.I caught my breath quickly. “I can’t concentrate! It feels so good.” I lifted my leg up and over his head to one side of him.He tilted his head up and looked at me confused.Before he could ask anything more, I put his dick back into my mouth, sucking on it hard.He sat up immediately. “Babe no! Come back here.” His hand rested on the back of my neck.I gave him a wicked glare as I sucked harder, and then I stopped for a moment. “Nuh-uh! I want to get you off first!”I felt his hand move from my neck to my scalp and give a tight tug on my hair. I looked up at him.His serious stare sent shock waves through my body. And with the same husky voice he used on me earlier, he gritted his teeth. His jaw clenched, lips pouted slightly. “Get back here and sit on my face till you fucking cum!”As much as I wanted to call the shots tonight, nothing is sexier than when my man takes charge in bed. I didn’t hesitate. I crawled back up over his torso and rested both knees on either side of his head, my thighs encapsulating it. I had faced the other way this time, being able to see him underneath me if I peeped over my large breasts, which were in the way.“Baby, I’ll crush you. You’re not gonna be able to brea-”“I DON’T CARE! JUST SIT ON MY FACE AND LET ME EAT YOU!”I slowly lowered myself and felt his lips meet my clit again. I felt the bumps on his tongue flicking over it, which made me tense up and buck my hips slightly. Bliss! My breathing got heavier and quicker.His hands caressed my thighs and my ass, eventually up my torso and squeezing my tits over my shirt, adding another wave of sensations, and I again felt my orgasm approaching.“Ahhh, baby… Yessss!” I cooed as I looked down at him, meeting his dark eyes.He went faster and pulled me down closer to him. My inner thighs nearly covered his entire face. I felt his short stubble brush against my skin.My fingers stroked his hair. I was ready to cum, needed it badly. I rocked my hips a little. “Yes! Yes! Right there, babe. You’re so good with that tongue—uhhhh…”He sucked harder, and with that, I felt my climax take over. I held my breath for a few moments and let out a big sigh. Oh, gosh, that felt so good! So blissful!I looked back down at him, and even though I could barely see his face, I could sense the smirk.I glanced over my shoulder to check out his dick, and yep! Still hard. Now it was my turn once again, but I was gonna be the one to dish it out this time.Crawling backward and sliding down his torso once more, I straddled him and positioned my dripping-wet punani at his tip.He raised an eyebrow. “You ready for another round, are you?”I didn’t answer; I just stared back at him, then lifted my shirt above and over my head, exposing my round breasts and my neatly trimmed pussy. My dark nipples were still hard and sensitive. Then I grabbed his member and guided it into me, taking him in whole.I love how he fits into me like a glove.I let out a little sigh and began twirling my hips on him. His eyes, which had been fixed on me, began to close and open as he moaned.“Baby… You’re so hot. Ahhhh… yesss…”I love it when he moans. Now, I know I’m loud in bed—which makes him go crazy—but when he lets me know I’m doing a good job, it turns me on even more and makes me more determined to ensure I finish the job and make him happy.I began to bounce on him. Though I’m glad God blessed me with big boobs, I always feel a bit self-conscious when they’re out of their bra, ESPECIALLY during activities such as this. They began bouncing with me and slapping back against my chest. I cupped one in each hand to avoid them doing that anymore, but I instantly felt a hand pulling them away… and holding me by my wrists.“Babe DON’T do that; I wanna see them! They’re so fucking beautiful,” he said between each quickening breath. “You’re so hot. FUCK!”He let go of my wrists and began playing with my boobs, twisting, rubbing and pinching my nipples.I could feel his member inside teasing my sweet spot, and I pushed down even harder. Another orgasm was rapidly building.He had one hand on my breast, the other now on my clit, his thumb flicking it so rapidly.I tilted my head back and bit my lip. My long, dark, wavy hair was now a mess and flying everywhere, but I didn’t care. The sensation was electrifying—like fireworks ready to burst.“Oh fuck, baby, I’m gonna cum!” I exclaimed loudly.He began to buck his hips against me, almost making me lose my balance on him, but I hastily steadied myself. “Yeah, babe, keep pounding that pussy on me,” he urged.I knew he was close, so I went for it—no stopping—and gave it everything. I fucked him fast and heavy. My body began to tense again.His eyes shut tight, and he scrunched up his nose as his grip on my breast became harder. I felt myself getting pushed up and then…Bang!He exploded within the walls of my pussy as it tightened around his member. And my orgasm went off simultaneously, though that didn’t stop his thumb. I felt one last wave come over me.I inhaled sharply inhaling, my legs shook, my body spasmed, and it felt as if time stood still. I managed to lift myself off him and squirt all over his dick.Panting and trying to catch my breath, I collapsed next to him. I still had cum dripping out of my insides whilst we lay there drenched in sweat, his bottom half wet from my pussy juices.I smiled at him, and he smiled back. His eyes glistened under our bedroom lights, his black hair now damp with sweat.“I love you, baby,” I whispered.“Babe, I love you too. ”I giggled. “The Maroons may have won tonight, but I wanted to celebrate anyway. Plus, you surprised me with some good dick earlier, so I wanted to return the favour.”“Oh, that so, huh? Well, why don’t we make a bet then? Next Origin night?”I wore a cheeky grin and gave him a side eye. “Agreed. Let’s say if the Maroons win, I’m on top. And if the Blues win, you are.”“Deal!” He said, before rolling onto his side to plant a wet kiss on me. “But don’t forget, there’s still one more game to be played. Soooo… you should probably prepare to be on top again.”