Cassie kneeled between Joseph’s legs.  Reaching up, she pulled at his shorts. He lifted his hips, his shorts slid down, and his big hard cock sprung out and pointing straight up.  Cassie gasped and stared.“It’s so big, isn’t it?”“I’ve seen larger guys in the locker room, but it’s like 9 inches. You can touch it, baby”She smiled and wrapped her tiny hand around his cock.  Joseph moaned in pleasure as his beautiful wife touched his cock for the first time.  He really wanted her to wrap her mouth around it and push all he could into her. But he restrained himself. It took two weeks to get her to really look at his cock, let alone touch it.“Touch it baby, yes, just like that. Slide your hand up and down, get to know my cock. Faster and harder, baby. Yes fuck yes, that’s amazing.”His cock jumped and pulsed in her tiny hand and started leaking pre-cum. He was coating her hand and his cock.  Joseph laid back on the bed and thrust up to meet her every stroking.“Damn baby, you’re gonna make me cum.”“But where will you cum?”He caresses her face “I love you, beautiful. Quick, put your mouth around the head. Oh fuck, I’m gonna cum. When you feel it filling your mouth, swallow, and keep swallowing until I’m done.”Her eyes opened wide with a questioning look.  His hand slid  to the top of her head and grabbed a handful of hair. He exploded in her mouth over and over.  She swallowed as fast as she could and started to gag a little.  Joesph lay spent and limp on the bed and Cassie moaned. He looked down to see her licking the cum on his cock and belly that she couldn’t swallow.  She pulled off his cock and giggles.“That was kinda fun. I liked getting you off. It tasted salty, but I liked it. It made me hot, wet, and tingling between my legs.”“Show me baby.”Cassie smiled and stood, putting one foot on the bed, and spread her legs.  Her pussy was twitching and her lips were swollen and open like a flower. Juices ran out and down her legs.  Joseph slid his hand up the inside of her thigh and ran his finger through her lips. He made her shake when her touched her clit.  She moaned.“You like that baby?”“Yessss.”He pushed one, then two, fingers straight up into her pussy, making her cry out in pleasure, and her body shook.  She fell down on Joesph and he pulled her up so her pussy was over his face. He continued fingering her, licking and sucking her clit while she laid over his face and slowly ground against him.“Oh Joseph, yes, ohh don’t stop, mmm soo goood.”He fingered her harder and faster.  Her juices began flowing from her, and she cried out “Yes, Yes I’m cumming.”Her body shook and her juices flowed as her pussy clamped down on his fingers.  Joseph was licking and opening his mouth, trying to drink all her juices.  He moaned as he drank her down.  She was warm nectar, a little sweet and bitter, but oh, so hot.  He moaned as he loved that he made her cum on his face.  Cassie rolled off him and their lips met. They tasted each other on their lips.  Cassie reaches down and grabbed his cock that was big, hard, and throbbing.“Fuck me, please fuck me Joseph. I want you inside me.”His mind was racing as he couldn’t believe his wife’s sexual transformation in just two weeks of marriage. Starting out, she was a shy innocent bride that laid there, spread her legs for Joseph to consummate their marriage, and then went to sleep.  She became the wife Joesph dreamed of and pleasured himself to every night before bed.  Pulling him on top of her, she guided his cock to her pussy.  She wiggled and panted as he pushed his head inside her very tight little pussy.  He slid inch after inch of his cock slowly into her pussy. She wrapped her arms and legs tightly around him.  Cassie’s moaned and screamed as he hit her core, filling her completely.  They kissed.“You are my wife, my lover, and my best friend.”She moaned into his mouth over and over.  Slowly he pulled all the way out and pushed fully back in over and over.“You pussy fits like a glove, and is so wet and hot, baby.”    He started thrusting harder and faster.“Yes, yes faster baby, harder, ohhh yesss, fuck me.”  He is driving her breath out of her with each thrust.“Yes harder baby, oh I love it, harder, fuck me, yess yesss.”  His balls were slapping her ass. The sound of his cock fucking her and their bodies slapping each other, drove them to new heights of pleasure.“Yes Joseph, I’m cumming.”She squeezed him so tight as her pussy clamped around his cock. Her body vibrated and her juices gushed and squirted out around his cock.  His cock throbbed and he cried out and fell onto her as he erupted, shooting stream after stream of cum into her pussy.  He laid on her, both of them panting and catching their breath. Then his cock slid out and their cum flowing out of her pussy like a river out of her.  He rolled off her, and she rolled up against him.“Thank you baby, I love you so much. Thank you for being patient with me.”Her phone rings and its her parents saying they are an hour away and will be there soon.  Cassie jumps out of bed, grabbed his hand, and said “Shower with me.”  Facing each other, she started soaping and washing his chest and belly.  Reaching lower she found his cock hard and throbbing again as she soaps his package.“Is it always going to be hard like this all the time?”“With you, I can’t see myself ever not being hard.”He spun her around and rubbed his soapy hands over her tits and pinched her nipples.  She moaned and wiggled against his cock. He lowered himself so his cock slid between her butt cheeks.  She moaned and bent over, placing her hands on the shower wall.“Fuck me Joseph, fuck me, fuck me.”Grabbing her tiny waist, he wiggled till he felt his cock pressing into her pussy. He pulled her back hard as he thrust into her with all he had.She screamed “Yesssss” as she was impaled on his big cock.Joseph pounded her faster and harder than a few minutes ago.“Yes take it, take my big fucking cock.”Carrie looked back and smiled as he pounded her.  Joseph thrust into her and drove her into the shower wall as his cock exploded into her pussy, filling her again with his cum. Her pussy pulsed and her body shook as her orgasm washed over her from head to toe.  Her knees wobble and Joseph let her sit on the floor as he rinsed her off.  Helping her to her feet, he dried her off. Her knees wobbled.“I can barely walk.”  She giggles.“Mmmm, who knew being so sore could feel sooo good.”He helped her get dressed just in time as the door bell rang.