(L) – This story contains strong language.I was worried. My boss had summoned me to a meeting. It sounded serious. Was I going to lose my job?The company had not had a good year. The pandemic had impacted our performance, but that wasn’t my fault. I guess in corporate life, someone is to blame, and maybe this time it’s me.It was time. I walked to her office and knocked.“Enter,” she called from inside, and so I did.“Please close the door behind you,” she requested, “and take a seat.”I gulped. This was not looking good. As she walked around her desk I couldn’t help but cast my eye over her. She was my boss, but goodness, she was hot! She was wearing a black corporate dress that was tight-fitting and sexy, but professional. She had an athletic build—lean and thing, but with amazing, rounded hips and good sized tits. It was difficult to not stare at her or daydream about undressing her. But at the end of the day, she was my boss, and I respected her.She sat down and sighed. “Tom,” she started, “it has not been a good year for the company. We are going to have to make some cutbacks. I’m afraid your role has been disestablished, and we are letting you go. Please know it’s no reflection of your performance, it’s just a tough time for the company.”While I suspected it was coming, her words hit me like a sledgehammer. I couldn’t believe it.I looked directly into her eyes and said, “I can’t believe this. I’ve just bought a house, I need to be working.”“Look, sorry, Tom, there is nothing I can do. We need to cut back, and unfortunately your role is one we are cutting back on.”I looked down at the ground and said, “Please… Please keep me on. I’ll do anything. I need this job.” Again I looked up and into her stunning eyes. “Really. I’ll do anything.”She paused. “You’ll doanything?”“Yes I’ll doanything,” I responded. “I just bought a house. I need this job.”With that, she got up from behind her desk and came and sat next to me. She took my hand and said, “I know it’s a tough time. You’re my best, and if you don’t mind me saying, my sexiest manager. I don’t want to let you go.”She was close. She smelled amazing. And even though she was firing me, she looked incredibly sexy. I wanted to take that skirt off her. But I had to focus. I needed this job.I put my hand on her knee and said, “Look, boss, is there anything I can do here? Like I said, I really need this job, and I’ll do anything.”She sat back in her chair. She seemed a little miffed, so I took my hand off her knee. Was I making a pass at her? Had I just ruined any chance of keeping my job?What happened next really surprised me.“If you want to keep your job, you’ll have to do exactly as I say. Do you agree?”“Yes, definitely,” I responded quickly.“Good.” With that she stood up and hiked her skirt up to her hips.I sat there excited but stunned. She was incredibly sexy and incredibly hot standing there in her black panties.“If you want your job, eat my pussy.”I nearly jumped out of my chair. I couldn’t believe this! A woman I’d wanted to fuck for years was asking me to eat her pussy to save my job! I stood up, moved to her and thought,If she wants this, I’m going to give her the best fuck of her life.I moved in her close to her, but I didn’t touch her. I said, “You want to get fucked, don’t you?”“Yes,” she gasped.I kissed her. Our tongues touched and intertwined.I then stepped back and said, “Don’t move.” I went to the office door and locked it, then came back to her. “Now we won’t be disturbed.”I kissed her again, moving my hands over her body. She had a great body. She was very sexy and incredibly beautiful, and she felt amazing. I moved my hands over hips, down her legs to the hem of her skirt. I lifted her skirt to her hips. I stopped kissing her and dropped to my knees. At my first my hands caressed her pussy mound. It felt so nice feeling her pussy under her black satin panties. My cock was rock hard.After massaging her pussy mound and bum, I moved her panties to the side and started to lick and eat her pussy. She caressed my hair and moaned as I ate her out. I buried my head and ate with abandon. I wanted her to enjoy this, and I wanted her to cum on my face. I licked her pussy lips and sucked on her clit, and all the while she was wet and getting wetter. She was sighing and moaning, and I could feel her orgasm growing.I stopped for a moment and said, “I want you to cum for me,” then went back to the most beautiful pussy.She was close, so I doubled my efforts, my tongue licking and flicking her clit. Then she raised up on her toes and climaxed right on my face. She tasted amazing.I got up from my knees and kissed her. She tasted her own juices, and that really turned me on.“That was amazing,” she said breathlessly. “Maybe you can keep your job… but there are a couple more things you need to do.”“Yes, anything, boss.”“Take out your cock.”I unzipped my fly, but she said “No, drop your pants.”I complied. She turned me around so my back was against the desk. She sank to her knees. My cock was rock hard and glistening with pre-cum. She palmed my balls and started licking my head.She moaned, “I love the way you taste,” then took my cock into her mouth. She sucked and bobbed up and down my cock. It felt amazing. She licked my shaft, and sucked my balls and shaft. I could feel my climax growing.“Please wait,” I said. “I don’t want to cum yet.”She got up and kissed me deeply. I tasted myself, and that turned us both on.“There is one more thing you need to do to keep your job,” she said.“Anything, boss.”“I want you to fuck my pussy and cum inside me.”“Your wish is my command.”We kissed again.I took her hips and turned us around so her back was against the desk, and reached her arms out so she was resting on the desk. I moved my hands down her legs to the hem of her skirt again, and raised it up over her beautiful bum. I moved her panties to the side and rubbed the head of my cock against her pussy lips. She was so wet. I teased her and rubbed my head against her pussy.“Put your cock in me now! Fuck menow, or you’re fired!”With that I pushed my cock inside her pussy. She moaned.I started slowly pumping my cock. I grabbed her hips and started to increase the passion.She moaned, “Oh fuck me, fuck my pussy, cum inside me! I want your hot load of cum.”I pumped even harder, my balls smacking against her.She moaned, “I’m about to cum!”I could feel it building and wanted to cum also. “I’m going to cum,” I said. “Do you want it?”“Yes!” she responded enthusiastically. “Please fill me up with your cum!”And with that I shot a hot load of cum inside her pussy. At the same time she climaxed again. I pumped until all my cum was inside her and she came down from her climax. She stood up, my cock still inside her. When I slid out of her, she turned and we kissed again.“If you promise to keep fucking me like that,” she said, “You can keep your job.”“No problem, boss.”I pulled up my pants and she straightened herself up. I could smell sex in the room.“You should take a shower, in case people smell us,” I suggested.“That’s a good idea,” she said. “Will you take me home for a shower, my love?”“Of course, my darling wife.”With that, we left the office to go home together. The shower scene is another you’ll have to wait for.