(A) – This story contains anal play, including analingus.(L) – This story contains strong language.You were in a playful mood, wearing nothing but that old t-shirt of mine, the one I like that barely covers your ass.  It’s so threadbare it’s almost see-through these days and I can barely make out the prism and the refracted rainbow design on it.  The song “Breath” plays through my head—it’s your favorite.  You told me once that it reminds you of a slow, easy fuck.  I prefer “The Great Gig in the Sky.”  Either way, your body telegraphs your wants and desires.  You were never subtle.I entered our bedroom, fresh out of the shower and still a bit damp.  My cock was already thick thinking about your sexy ass, and then there you were sitting, with your back against the headboard, legs spread, one hand on your thigh, the other pinching your nipples.  I saw you bite your lip as your hand inched down your stomach and lightly over your smooth, bald mound.  You parted your lips for me, exposing your wet pussy.  You were thinking about me—thinking about us.  You fingered yourself for a minute, never taking your eyes off mine.  Then you wiped that wetness across your lips—my invitation.I got on the bed and crawled toward you.  I licked your lips before I put my tongue in your mouth—I do love the taste of pussy on your lips.  I felt your hand on my cock as we kissed, letting it swell in your hand, savoring those tight squeezes and releases that get me so fucking hard.  I looked directly into your eyes and saw in them that “fuck” you needed from me.  I smiled as your squeezes turned into slow strokes, urging my cock to its fullness.I told those lips goodbye—I needed a better taste.  As I inched my way down, I felt your hand on the back of my head.You whispered between breaths, “Eat that pussy baby.”Your legs spread wide, those lips glistening like a flower on a summer morning.  I teased your open slit with my warm breath, up and down slowly, stopping for a few seconds to fuck you with my tongue, your hand pulling my head closer, my tongue deeper.  I licked those quick little circles around your clit and slipped a finger inside you.  I built up a rhythm in time with your hips.  I stopped to suck lightly on your clit for only a few moments, and your legs tensed with pleasure.  You’re so sensitive there.  You came, and you came again.Two Hours AgoI came up to kiss you, and you slowly licked your cum off my lips and chin.“It’s your turn,” you whispered as you flipped your hair back over your shoulder—you know I like to watch you.  You teased me with those quick little licks on the tip of my cock.  You opened your mouth and took me in your mouth slowly, agonizingly slowly, as you let your tongue explore my veiny shaft.  I felt my balls in your warm, capable hands as you sucked me in a slow, deliberate rhythm, my shaft wet with your spit.I barely had time to feel your fingers between my ass cheeks when you slipped a finger inside.  My cock convulsed in response.  You know I love it when you do that.  You brought me close a few times, pulling back each time with your breathy warning, “Not yet.”You flipped over on your stomach, your legs spread slightly—your go-to when you want a nice, hard fuck.  I teased you by running my tongue between your firm ass-cheeks, up, down and up again.  Your legs spread a bit more.  You squealed quietly when I licked your tight little butthole.  I spread your cheeks slightly for a better lick.  I stayed there pleasuring you with the tip of my tongue, while you fingered yourself to another orgasm.“Just fuck me!” you gasped.I felt my stomach press against your ass as my cock stretched your soaked lips—you were so worked up.  I started slowly at first, slow and deep, but it was a tease, and I smiled at your frustrated growl.  I knew what you wanted.  Seconds later I was driving my cock hard and deep inside you, your ass slapping my stomach.  I felt you press against me, keeping time with me.  I’ve always loved how we feel together, how hard my cock feels inside you.  When I fuck you hard, I feel that primitive connection with you.  I’m in tune with your desires, and we crave the same thing: that moment when we can’t hold on.A few minutes later, I felt myself hitting that point of no return.  You knew, and I felt your hand reach under to squeeze my balls.  You’re rough, but I like it that way.  I pressed against you as tightly as possible, as deep as possible, and I felt my cock tense up and release that warm load.“Give me all of it,” you moaned.I felt you squeeze my shaft in return as you came with me.  My hand was on the small of your back as I finished.  Your hips began to grind against me, my spent cock still throbbing inside you.I held myself up as I pressed my chest to your back and kissed your neck.  My cock slid out of you and our cum dripped from your pussy and over my shaft—always a great ending.One Hour AgoYou fell asleep as you often do: on your stomach on top of the covers.  You had the pillow in a death grip your legs, which were in just the right position where I could still see your slit by the light of the TV.  I watched you breathe and studied your naked body, feeling my cock get hard again.I crawled into bed beside you and thought about the past few hours.  I casually began stroking myself, and for a minute, I thought about waking you, but you looked so peaceful.  In a few minutes, I felt that familiar, warm wetness streak across my stomach and chest.  I groaned quietly.You rolled over on your side, and I pressed myself against your back, my cock still throbbing as it settled between your cheeks.  I wrapped my arm around you, just under your breasts.  I fell asleep like that, like so many times before.