I just recently had an experiment I wanted to share.It’s the middle of November, and I decided to participate in No Nut November, where the challenge is to not orgasm for an entire month. I’ve tried before but did not succeed. I thought it would be a good exercise in self-control at the very least (and jacking off at the end is gonna feel soooooo good).So far it has been going well. It would be a lie to say that I don’t miss cumming like crazy, but I feel God has actually used it to teach me new things about Him, awakened a new hunger for the Bible, and continued to transform my mind to be more sex-positive even as I wait for my lovely future wife.Now to the nitty gritty. Remember, the challenge is to not CUM, but that doesn’t mean I can’t do a little cock-teasing, right? When I came home from work, I plopped down on my bed and lay down, ready to rest, and fairly predictably, my mind wandered to more sexual matters.First, I made sure the door was closed, then I rolled onto my stomach, my erection already taking form, and opened up MarriageHeat. I began reading through some older stories as it had been a few weeks since I’d taken a look. The more aroused I became, the more active I got. My hand had slithered down under the covers some time ago, and I placed my palm on my pubic bone, my strong fingers making a wave-like motion along my now rock hard dick. For over an hour, I laid there, reading delicious encounters of intimacy, writhing and gasping in pleasure, bringing myself to the edge of orgasm, then backing off while I caught my breath.I then explored further under my boxers, lightly stroking while savoring each burst of feel-good. Now sitting back against the headboard, I couldn’t help but admire the dick God gave me. I closed my eyes, smiling and moaning as I explored it up and down, imagining my future wife laying between my legs, loving on each bit, gently licking around the corona, up and down the frenulum, and sucking off with a POP, while she firmly stroked my rod, lubricated by nothing other than the abundant nectars of her own garden.I then began to read CliMaxx’s story, where he happens upon his wife jilling to footage of past escapades (nearly Climaxxing myself in the process). She dropped down to fantastically suck him off, and he exclaimed the pleasure he felt as she inserted her middle finger in his ASS. Strangely, that kicked me into high gear, imagining my future wife slowly fucking me in my ass with her long, slender, pretty fingers, while snacking on my cock.Wrapped up in the moment, I reached up my previously engaged hand to gingerly lick and sniff it. The aroma of my sex now permeating the room, I decided that a shower was in order, with some further self pleasuring. Rushing to the restroom, I locked the door and opened up the hot water, stepping in and caressing my thoroughly hot and bothered body while steamy water cascaded down my back.Again, the story of anal penetration entered my mind, and I couldn’t shake it. I thought this was odd, because I’ve always thought it was completely gross, or too gay-ish, or plain painful. At this point I decided, having quite empty bowels, and horny as hell, that I would give it a shot. I had searched the internet for some helpful information, but came up short (though stories of prolapse and septic shock sure gave me a bit of pause lol, though not to be overcome).Furiously aroused, I slammed the phone down and frantically searched for some sort of lube, coming upon a can of Bag Balm. I stepped back into the shower, plugging the bottom to feel a sweet warmth encapsulate me as I laid down. At this point I was shaking with excitement, about to explore myself in a way I thought I’d never consider.After thoroughly coating my fingers in the makeshift lube, I shut off the water and got in the fetal position. The silence broken only by my heavy breathing, I let my hands wander below the belt, and closed my eyes again. A picture of myself in this moment with my future wife flashed through my brain. We nuzzled as I kissed her neck, her long, tan legs wrapped around my waist, my long, hard, pulsing cock slowly pumping in and out of her hot love tunnel, while in reality, I moved my hands up and down, twisting my wrists, luxuriously stroking my meat.Snapping back to the task at hand, I once more lubed up my fingers, and tried to relax my muscles. I dragged my finger up and down my crack, teasing my perineum and waiting hole, soon discovering that I had to cum at it from a downward angle, then once I hit the rosebud, rotate so I pointed up my spine. Very slowly, I applied pressure. At first I was met with the resisting sphincter muscles, but after a few short seconds of continued pressure, I passed smoothly in.The feeling was incredible. Pleasure washed over me, and my eyes rolled back as I wiggle my finger around. Suddenly, I gasped and arched my back, pleasure wracking my body anew. I had just discovered my prostate, and I guess people were not kidding about it being a different type of cum button! I continued rubbing my fingernail against my p-spot, heavily stimulating it. But as the drool collecting at the corner of my mouth indicated, I wanted more of this mind-blowing new thing!I lathered up my middle finger and thumb, wanting to test out my limits of length and girth. Twice more, I penetrated with a bit of resistance at the beginning, but ultimately with ease. Oh the despair, that I could not bring myself to orgasm, writhing in ecstasy with this new technique. Excitement overtook me, as my thoughts once again returned to matrimonious intimacy.What joy to be more familiar, and comfortable with my own body, so that my future sex life begins with a full array of tools with which to grow closer to my bride-to-be. I dreamt of giving myself fully to her, taking her in the arms of a love so strong, and becoming well acquainted with her own lush garden as we explore the wonders of lovemaking in the safety of our marriage bed.Still shaking, I got out of the shower, and quickly dried off. I needed more. This other avenue of pleasure had more to offer, and I knew it. I erratically searched through my bathroom, pulling out cabinets, and swinging doors wide open. Finding some dildo-like object to feel the incredible stimulation and fullness even more was not easy. Alas, there was nothing there, but I hadn’t given up.I wrapped a towel around my muscular waist, peeked out the door. Thankfully my family was still downstairs, laughing loudly at some show playing on TV. I crept to my room and continued my search. I saw a dummy aircraft ammo cartridge I received as a birthday present from my family in the air force. Solid brass, the bullet well tapered and an inch wide, I knew I had found my toy. I grabbed a nitrile glove as a makeshift condom, and concealed my MacGyver’d dildo. Sneaking back into the restroom, I was breathless with excitement.Covering it up with balm, I practically flew back onto the tub floor. I took prepped myself by pumping my thumb in and out of my ass, then began insertion. It took about ten seconds before I fit the tip in. I continued to rotate the bullet around and around, moving it side to side as I slowly eased it in.As I passed the tapering, I gasped and a drawn out moan escaped my tight jaw and pursed lips. My eyes even crossed with the intense pleasure. I put it in deeper and began to thrust it in and out. Starting slowly at first, I picked up speed and intensity, as it slid back and forth over my prostate. As I later measured, I had taken a solid-ass (pun intended) five inches of hard metal. A low, growling “Fuuu—uuu-uuu—uuuCK!” emanated from my throat as I continued my anal assault.After further pleasuring, I withdrew the round and put it on the corner of the tub. I then rolled onto my back in the still steaming water. I thanked the Lord for His creation and grace, and continually teaching me to properly embrace my sexuality. This was important coming out of a purity culture mindset. It felt so great to have something this small inside me. I can’t wait to hear my wife say how my well-sized cock feels deep in her tight, wet pussy.I continued playing with my semi-hard dick laying there, basking in the pleasure. However, since I vowed not to cum for the month, it seemed a good place to stop. I got up, dried off once more, and proceeded to get ready for bed, dressing and brushing my teeth. I gave a prayer of thanks to God and drifted to sleep, lulled by wind and rain outside my window.The EndIf I can offer any encouragement to those who have considered anal play, I would say go for it! Lots of lube, more oil than water based if possible (Bag Balm for me) made the experience 100% painless. I also used to think it was gross, difficult,  and hurtful. But I kept an open mind and can definitely say it’s worth the effort! No need to go all the way in your first go, but a pinky finger isn’t a bad start. In less sexy terms, I completely emptied my bowels beforehand, washing and using a bidet. Thus, I had no visible fecal residuals or bits that may have lessened the experience.Thanks for reading if you made it all the way through, lol. Please let me know what you think in the comments below!