Recently, I saw some pictures from boudoir and erotic photoshoots, and I decided that someday if I get married, I want to do one with my husband. (Of course, I could do a solo one now and present him with the pics as a wedding gift!) I appreciated that the photos I saw portrayed real people with all their flaws. Yet the spark was evident between the couples. It made it more real and raw for me. And if my guy and I didn’t feel comfortable doing intimate things in front of a third person, we could always set up a camera and snap moments ourselves.Anyhow, I have some outfits and poses already in mind. There are angles and views of the human body, male and female, that I find very arousing. And when it’s a married couple posing together and capturing their love and passion on camera, it’s the hottest. A shirtless guy is one of my weaknesses, so I’d definitely like some shots of my man wearing only shorts or briefs and one with slacks, a belt, dress shoes, and an unbuttoned dress shirt revealing his chest.I’d like to have one of him masterfully holding me (dressed revealingly), gazing at me with lust, like a couple on the cover of a romance novel. He could do some solo poses in the nude, artfully and teasingly covering his groin; I’d do lingerie shots in all those delightful poses that women can strike, and which make us look sexy and full of anticipation.Then we could do more graphic couple shots. A view I like would be me, naked and on my back on a bed, desk, or table, facing away from the camera, which is also somewhat above us. He would stand between my thighs, his cock either inside me or just out of sight.My favorite part of a guy is that “V” angling down his lower belly towards his crotch. It’s so titillating. So I’d love to showcase that in a photo. Another hot one would be a shot from behind as we stand and he penetrates me, and his butt is tight. Oh boy, that image in my head makes me feel warm right now! A nice taut butt on a guy is… delicious?I’d also like to ride his cock while he’s standing, and the camera can get low enough to see under his cock to his butt crack. And one from behind (same pose) so we can capture his balls between his thighs.Just writing this is getting me very wet! I have no clue what sorts of photos my man would want of me, but since men are so visual, I would try anything. Maybe my fingers in my cunt as I look up seductively at the camera through my eyelashes? Or straddling something, like the arm of a couch, or kneeling on a bed with my hands squeezing my breasts.I love romantic kisses too, so I’d want to get some that are tender and some more passionate and wild, maybe in the act of ripping each other’s clothes off. Oh yes! And I want some of his cum all over me. To me, that’s the satisfying finish to this hot session. He could spurt on my belly as I lie in a seductive pose, or into my open mouth. A shot of it running down his cock and dripping on his groin would be steamy too.We could have these photos to enjoy with each other or by ourselves, masturbate to them, and get hot for each other. In the meantime, I think I need to go have a “self-care” session now with these pictures in my brain!