Having introduced oral love in our sexual encounters, it sooner than later became a cornerstone of our love making. Ultimately, doing these extra acts enhanced our sex lives, so that in most cases they were a normal part of our lovemaking.Time moved on, we mastered the art: Ruby with her cock-sucking technique, and me building on pussy sucking and clitoris stimulation. Many a time, Ruby would go into an orgasm, and normally, I would penetrate her for a second or third orgasm. We started to spice things up by trying out variations of positions and were very successful with some. However, I stuck to my word of never ejaculating in her mouth, as she wanted. There were times when I was very close to doing so, but by instinct, she would withdraw my penis and place it into her vagina.Then the inevitable happened. Having to share accommodation in a holiday resort, we had her sister with us. She was quite aware of what we indulged in at night, but never saw us actually having sex. She was an open-minded woman and knew that, as husband and wife, sex was our right, and she always looked the other way.For obvious reasons, we limited ourselves to straight sex and no oral play. However, we both knew one on the most intense way of culminating sex was our oral episodes. But this would make us go into ecstasy, and the noise would cause a commotion.After having quiet sex and resting for an hour or two, Ruby whispered in my ear, “I want to suck you.” My eyebrows rose. She added, “Don’t worry, I’ll stop when you’re about to cum.” I found it hard to believe because Ruby was capable of extracting semen within a few minutes.Before I  could say anything further, she slid down toward my cock and, pulling my shorts down, started sucking. With much expertise, she wriggled her tongue over my shaft and sucked my head. Then I couldn’t believe it: she was deepthroating me. Her lips were touching my balls. Withdrawing, she lifted my shaft and sucked my perineum area. She then once again raised her head and swallowed me whole. Then began the hand job.I quietly whispered to her,  “I want to cum.” She held onto my erect shaft and softly, as before, clasped my cock head snugly with her lips.But not before she muttered, “SHOOT IN MY MOUTH.”“Are you sure?”“YES.”My semen was extracted with such force, I just held onto her head. She drained me out completely. There was nothing to clean up, so we snuggled and fell asleep, her sister snoring lightly in the other bed. I only questioned her about it the following day.“I love your cum,” was her only reply.Further talk of her experience we decided would wait for a later chat.