My wife is Heather, 20, and I am Steve, 22. We’ve been married for six months. We grew up in church, our fathers being the lay pastor and assistant/youth pastor, and we were both virgins when we married. Our honeymoon was beautiful, but we were so sheltered. After all, we lived in rural Tennessee, and our families schooled us in a church homeschool co-op. We have both been enjoying our newfound sex life a lot, as well as life on our own. We still live in the same community and follow the same lifestyle as we had growing up—mostly. But we now venture down the mountain to the city on occasion; there, we don’t have to hide our outward displays of love and affection like we are expected to back home.Yesterday, when I got home from work, Heather greeted me by jumping in my arms. She hugged and kissed me madly, which usually means she wants some quality, unrestrained sex. I scooped her into my arms and started upstairs, but Heather stopped me and told me to hurry up and shower because we were going on a date. Once I was clean and dressed, Heather handed me the keys to my old truck she hates.“I want to go on a proper date where I can sit close to you,” she explained.When we got to the truck, I opened the door for Heather. As she climbed up into the bench seat, I got a nice view of her toned legs and checked out her butt.Heather looked at me and smiled. “I like when you check me out like that,” she said as she slid to the middle of the truck and fastened her seatbelt.I climbed in and asked where we were headed.“Take me to the movies,” she requested. “I wanna go to the drive-in. There’s a double-feature tonight.”I looked at her, confused because she had never requested this before. But when she began rubbing my thigh, her hand inching closer to my penis, I started to get the picture.Heather’s hand closed around my bulge, and she moaned. I don’t think she expected to find me already so hard. She kept up her teasing handiwork all the way down the holler and into town. By the time we pulled into the drive-in theater, my heart was pounding, and I felt like I was going to cum in my pants.Once we found a spot to park, Heather asked me to get us some popcorn and drinks. When I returned from the concession stand, my penis still painfully hard, I noticed that she had put on makeup—something she almost never wears. I particularly noticed that her lips were a bright, shiny red. She had her dress unbuttoned at the top, showing off more cleavage than I could remember her ever displaying, and her hardened nipples poking through her dress made it obvious she’d removed her bra.I stopped short, gawking at her.“I take it you approve, Steven.”“More than I ever imagined!” An uncontrollable grin broke out on my face as I handed her the popcorn and drinks and climbed in beside her.Heather sat the drink carrier and box of popcorn on the passenger floorboard and slid close to me again. Our eyes locked, and she put her hand on the back of my head and drew me to her mouth.My racing heart felt like it would jump out of my chest. Her mouth tasted so good—Heather-flavored with a hint of cherry. Then her tongue probed my mouth, seeking mine. They met, not gently but in a rush of passion, and when she started to suck on my tongue, I thought I would lose it.Our mouths wrestled as we sucked the air out of each other, paused for breath, and then continued to devour one another again. Her hand pressed firmly against my hardness again, and I shuddered. It was all I could do not to explode.I slid my hand inside her dress and cupped, squeezed, and pressed her breast against her chest. Then I pinched her nipple, making her moan loudly and beg me to squeeze harder. So I did, and she let out such a powerful and erotic moan that it nearly made me shoot my load then and there.The movie started, and Heather jumped and pulled away from me when the soundtrack blasted through the radio. She giggled at herself, but I only had eyes for her stiff nipples poking through the fabric of her bodice. She turned the volume down, then grabbed my head and pulled it to her breasts.I inhaled the scent of her floral perfume, licking my lips in anticipation as she lifted her nearest breast and pressed it to my willing mouth. I started with a soft suckle and progressed as we both got more excited.“Bite it a little,” she whispered.I took her nipple between my teeth and gently pulled it away from her, stretching it out until it slipped free. Her head dropped back, and as I dove back to fill my mouth again, I felt her hand searching in my lap until it found the head of my cock. Aaahh. My pants had a wet spot, and she found it with those fingers and moaned as she rubbed it. It felt so good! I fought the urge to cum as my penis pulsed and more liquid seeped out. Ooooh, it felt incredible.Heather pulled me off and shoved her other nipple into my mouth, begging me to bite it, too. I bit down harder on this one, and she arched against my mouth, moaning and wiggling.Eventually, Heather released me and lay back against the door with an expectant look. Her dress had ridden up, and as my eyes roamed her sexy form, I could she hadn’t worn panties. She also appeared to be smooth down there! For the first time, I saw her pussy void of hair.The sight pulled a hungry groan from my throat that made Heather giggle. She spread her legs wide, revealing a pussy shaved so smooth and inviting I couldn’t—would never want to—resist. Juices poured from it, and as I lightly pressed my finger to her clit, she moaned and bucked up against it. The finger slid into her glistening folds and opened her up like a beautiful butterfly, her hard clit begging to be sucked.I licked upward, tasting her sweet juices, then clamped my mouth around her clit. Heather shuddered and squirmed, moaning over and over to suck her harder. As I did, I also isolated her wet clit between my teeth, and the tip of my tongue found that tiny, most sensitive spot.Heather grabbed my head and thrust into me as her juices started to flow. I shoved two fingers into her pussy and fingered her hard and fast as I lightly pulled my teeth across her clit, then flicked it some more. She intoxicated me; I could not get enough. As I pumped my fingers in and out in concert with my clit-sucking and -licking,Heather let out a constant deep moan, punctuated with a whispered, “Yes, yes.” It seemed like the most amazing orgasm I’ve seen her experience. She shook, and her juices continued to flow as I released her clit and slowly pulled out my dripping fingers. When I rubbed them over her lips, she moaned at tasting herself like this. Heather slowly sucked my fingers into her mouth, swallowed her fluid, and smiled sweetly. Then she slumped back to catch her breath while I kept my hand over her pulsing pussy.The truck windows had steamed up, and the whole cab smelled of sex. Heather sat up quickly and kissed me, sucking my tongue as she swiftly and eagerly yanked my belt and pants open. I slid the seat back as far as I could and leaned against the door as she grabbed my hard-on and quickly rubbed it, spreading my slick precum all over it. Fantastic! With our lips still locked, she lifted my hips—okay, I helped a little—and yanked my pants and boxers down to gain full access to my penis.The precum allowed her firm grasp to glide smoothly from the base of my cock to its head, where she would squeeze. I felt I would cum any second as Heather sat back and pumped me harder, staring at the clear liquid that pulsed out all over her hand. Suddenly, though, her head dropped to my lap, and Heather took my cock into her mouth for the first time.“Oh, Heather,” I moaned as I felt the head slide to the back of her tongue, causing her to gag a little before she pulled off.She looked at me in amazement at what she’d done. Then she thrust her head back down and filled her mouth again. Quickly, she bobbed her head up and down the entire length of my cock. She moved fast for a while, then slowed to tender sucking and licking. Heather seemed enthralled, exploring me in a whole new way. She was in total control, and I loved every second of it.After a few more minutes of this tender process, Heather sat up and jumped onto my lap, facing me. She grabbed my hard penis and pressed it into her snug pussy, and the sensation of sliding into her defies description. Taking hold of Heather’s breasts, I pinched and rolled her nipples as she started sliding up and down my shaft. Unable to bounce as hard and fast as she wanted in the confines of the driver’s seat, she soon began to rock her hips back and forth.It was nearly too much for me. I slapped my hands onto Heather’s ass and squeezed.“Ohhh, Heather, what are you doing to me? I can’t hold back, baby.”“Cum with me,” Heather panted. “Fill me.” Her eyes seemed to pierce my soul and bind it to hers.Our lips mashed together, and as I moaned into her mouth, my hot cum blasted up into Heather’s pulsing pussy. Her body shook, and her juices mixed with mine. I don’t think I’d ever cum so much. Our mixture ran out of her onto my belly and down my balls to the truck seat.“That was amazing, baby,” I whispered into her ear as I held her close and tight.Heather sat up again, dipped her fingers into our cum, and sucked them clean. Then, smiling, she wet them again and offered them to me. With only slight hesitation, I tasted our sweet-salty mixture. It wasn’t too bad, and it gave her another small spasm to see me do it.We cracked the windows, and the steam cleared in time to catch the first movie’s finale. We drank our sodas, and I fed Heather bites of popcorn as she snuggled under my arm. But her hand stayed cupped around my still-exposed and cummy cock, which slowly began to stiffen.As the credits rolled, Heather kissed my neck and whispered, “Intermission…” Then she dropped her mouth down around my cock and just held it there, letting it swell to full hardness…