Lacy and I had gone through a rough time in our marriage. My company downsized, and I had to take on a larger workload. This required longer hours and more travel. It also meant traveling with a younger co-worker who intimidated Lacy because of her looks and outgoing personality. She was very much a people person.We had a big blow up and things got ugly, something I wasn’t proud of. But after a week of emotional distance, we started to talk and work things out. I got time off and surprised her by taking her to a cabin in the mountains of Tennessee. It was in the middle of nowhere and had a hot hub. We arrived, dumped our bags in the cabin, and decided to take a hike before the storm predicted for the afternoon hit.It was beautiful walking, talking, and laughing. We stopped at an overlook and had just started kissing when the weather took a sudden turn. A heavy winter mix of snow and freezing rain fell hard and fast. We were dressed in only hoodies and, laughing hysterically, we took off running the two miles back to the cabin.  We were soaked and shivering before we reached the cabin door.I went straight to starting the fire, then turned and saw Lacy soaked and shivering. She seemed nervous as I pulled her nearer to the fire, telling her we needed to get her out of those wet clothes. She looked at me all shy and innocent and nodded her head. I slowly undressed her down to bra and panties, which were soaked and sheer. Her hard nipples were poking through and the panties hugged her, revealing her pussy and slit. This clearly showed me she had changed her look and was shaved totally smooth. My cock started swelling.I removed my hoodie and shirt, and she smiled at my toned body. I was nervous about removing my pants. As I undid my jeans and pushed them down, I revealed my wet boxers pointing straight out. I tried to hide like a little kid.“It’s okay, baby,” Lacy said, as she took me in her arms and we kissed passionately. She pulled back and looked down as she pulled my boxers away and let them fall to the floor. Both her hands wrapped around my hard cock.“You’re soooo big and hard. I’ve missed you, baby.”Her hands felt amazing as she stroked my cock. I squeezed her tits, then removed her bra and pinched and rolled her nipples as she moaned and gasped. Lacy’s body shook, and she squeezed my cock harder, causing pre-cum to run out and wet her hand and my shaft.I bent down, pulled her tit and nipple into my mouth, and sucked hard. Lacy stroked my cock faster in both hands as I licked, bit, and sucked her big nipple.“Oh, Lacy, I’m gonna cum.”Lacy fell to her knees and continued pumping my cock hard and fast.“Cum on me. Cum all over me.”Her words shocked me, but it turned me on to hear this side of her.  She never enjoyed me cumming on her before. Pumping my cock, I groaned and exploded, shooting hot ropes of my cum all over her tits, face, and belly.Lacy smiled and giggled as my cum painted her sexy, beautiful body. My legs wobbled as I watched Lacy rub my cum all over her body.“That was a lot of cum baby. It’s so hot.” Lacy pushed her cum-covered fingers into her mouth, and I watched her suck them clean; her moans as she tasted the fruit of our passion kept my cock hard.Grabbing her and kissing her passionately, I laid Lacy on the floor in front of the fire. Kneeling between her legs, I peeled her wet panties off to see her beautiful pussy, now so smooth, and her wet, pink lips peeking out, opening like a flower. Her sweet nectar seeped out as I lowered my mouth and licked up through her lips. We both moaned as I tasted her sweetness. I licked again with more pressure to open her folds and feel her, taste her.“Yes, yes!” she cried out, arching her back.As my tongue opened her up, more of her nectar coated it. Lacy was running her fingers over my head and grinding slowly, softly against my mouth.  Licking up to her clit and flicking my tongue against it, I marveled as it swelled and poked out of hiding. I drew it into my mouth and sucked until Lacy tensed up. She shuddered as her pussy spasmed and her juices flowed out like a river, and I continued licking and drinking until she went limp.I climbed on top of her and pressed my lips covered in ambrosia against hers. We kissed passionately, Lacy tasting herself on my lips. She gasped, moaned, and kissed me deeper and harder. My cock rested on and rubbed her pussy as she wiggled against me.“I want you inside me. Take me, take me!”Slowly, I pushed into my wife. Her tight pussy stretching around my cock is something to be felt, not described. Lucy cried out as the head entered her. She was panting and moaning.“FUCK ME,” she cried out over and over.Our eyes locked, then our lips. I thrust down, pushing her breath from her as I drove hard and buried myself inside.  It was heaven to pull out and thrust into her completely each time.“Yes, yes, fuck me. Sooo good, baby. Yes.”Her pussy was so hot, wet, and tight as I continued pounding her, gradually going faster. Lacy cried out, her body shook, and her nails raked my back as her body released again. A flood of womanly nectar gushed out around my cock as I continued to pound her through her orgasm. Her body shook, and her head tossed back and forth.My body trembled in pleasure as my cum shot out, stream after stream flowing into her, then running and sloshing out as I continued fucking her. Finally, I collapsed on her as the final shot blasted into her welcoming pussy. Our lips met and we kissed.  Lacy pulled back and bit my lower lip before asking, “Can we do that again?” She squeezes her pussy around my softening cock over and over until she feels it hardening again.