This post contains an instance of strong language (L).We are long-time readers, first-time posters.  Hopefully, you will enjoy our inaugural story.  My wife and I have enjoyed MarriageHeat for the last five years or so.  We love MH for its collection of creative writing and marriage-centered (as God designed) erotica.  Personally, I love MH because the first time that I read my wife a story during a romantic night, it ended up with her rubbing her pussy until it became ever so wet!  So, yeah… ladies, take notice.  Wow.It was mid-spring in southern Utah.  We lived in an adjacent state and decided to take a trip to see what the countryside had to offer.  The trip was planned so we would alternate camping nights with hotel nights.  This was night one—a tent camp night.  Per usual, we didn’t leave as early as we planned.  Thus, we made it to our camping destination at about dark.  On top of that, it was VERY windy.  We were trying to pitch a tent in hurricane-like gusts and tempers were high.  There were threats of abandonment for the nearest hotel (which was 200 miles away), but God bless my wife for sticking it out.  Long story short, the tent was pitched, and bedding was in place.  Then, the wind stopped almost suddenly.I marveled at the sudden change in air movement.  Since I had not used up the last bit of my wife’s patience, I offered her a seat in the camp chair outside the tent and an adult beverage from the cooler.  It was gorgeous outside—calm, cool, and stars galore.  We talked about the marvel of God’s creation and the significance of this region for its evidence of the Great Flood.  She ended up on my lap as I held her close and enjoyed the company of my beautiful wife.  We had kissed longingly and romantically a few times during this time, then suddenly, my wife indicated it was time to go into the tent.She made her way to bed as I buttoned up the last few items at camp.  I then stepped inside the tent and zipped the flap behind me.  In the dim light of a crescent moon, I could see her sitting up waiting for me.  I crawled up to her and gave her a kiss on the lips as I lightly held her head in my hands.  My forearm brush her chest and I could tell she had no top on.  My hands found their way to her breasts and fondled eagerly as my kisses become more intent.  We laid down in unison as our tongues intertwined and my hand found its way south to discover my wife was only wearing a skimpy pair of panties.Even after more than a decade of marriage, the thought of my wife’s pussy makes my mouth water.  I enjoy it, I crave it, I dream about it (seriously)!  My mouth steadily moved down her neck, danced around her breasts, and made a trail past her belly button as my hands slid off those troublesome panties.  She did her sexy little wiggle maneuver to help me slide those rather damp panties down past her ankles to be flung somewhere in the darkness and found in the morning.She spread her legs wide.  I could tell her heartbeat and breathing had picked up.  I put my hands under her hips while squeezing that perfect ass and lifted her pelvis up as if to put it on an imaginary pedestal, on display for only the night air and me to enjoy.  My mouth moved closer, I blew softly on her alert pussy, and she squirmed.  I paused, then pressed my open mouth firmly on her pussy.  She moaned softly.  I backed off and then cupped her pussy again with my mouth.  She moaned louder.  I then set her hips back down and grabbed her legs and firmly held them against her chest.She was captured.  Her wet pussy was fully exposed as my hands held her there, hips rocked back slightly off the ground.  She knew it was coming but I made her guess.  My first strike ‘missed’ and landed harmlessly on her thigh.  The second attempt was low, and my tongue grazed the top rim of her sweet little ass, darn.  The third time was the charm, as my mouth landed right in the middle of her goodness.Her pussy wasn’t wet, it was soaked.  My tongue slid right into her warm slit and my mouth covered firmly.  I flicked my tongue up and down, quickly, softly, firmly, in a circle, back and forth.  She went wild.  She tried to buck against my grasp but I held her thighs tightly.  I then released my mouth and her thighs.  She flattened back out, with small tremors rocking her body as my mouth hovered over her.  I repositioned my body so I was kneeling next to her shoulders.  She started unbuttoning my pants and wildly grabbing for my cock, but I stayed on course.  My head bobbed down and eagerly kissed her pubic mound as my tongue searched for its next target.My wife’s legs were again spread as wide as could be in the desert air.  I ran my fingers up and down the inner parts of her thighs as my mouth found her erect clit.  She gasped when the first connection was made.  By this time she wrangled my engorged cock out of my pants but my discovery paused her oral intentions.  I sucked hard on her clit.  She squealed.  I moved my tongue all around the base of her clit and sucked and sucked and sucked.  Her hips were pulsing up against my face.  She finally managed to wrap her lips around the head of my throbbing cock and pulled my hips to her, bringing my shaft deeper into her mouth.  Oh my goodness, now I was distracted.  She hungrily sucked on my pulsing cock while her hand held my swollen balls.  We were in a sideways 69 position by now.  My left hand grabbed her ankle and stood her leg straight up, giving me unfettered access to the wonderful feast.  My right hand reached abound and started to gently swirl her sweet little ass while my mouth devoured every bit of that pussy.   I’m not sure how many minutes went by.She had my cock almost to the brink of eruption, I had to pull my hips back out of her reach otherwise this story would’ve ended here.  She knew what that meant so she laid back and brought her hand down and started rubbing the top part of her pussy.  My mouth was still at work and the tip of my finger just found its way into the tight confines of her ass.  She was now at full-scale moans, I was glad we were not camped near anyone.  I felt the wave of a micro-orgasm sweep over her body and my mouth moved to start kissing her hand as she rubbed.  Her voice was slightly shaky but commanding as she said, “Baby, I want you to fuck me, NOW!”To be continued…