Spicy Language or Some Musings on Sex SlangThis discussion post (obviously) hasstrong language (L)Over the past year or two the language my wife Melody & I use in our lovemaking sessions has become more erotic & more explicit… so I apologize if the sex-slang is offensive to you.  We don’t use sex slang words as swear words ever in our regular life.  And yet we don’t consider using sex slang “spicy” words as part of our sex sessions as dirty in that married lovemaking context.Lately my MH stories (most of which are true) use some of those spicy terms descriptively and some of those words are often in the dialogue, (because we DID say them).  We didn’t use as many of those sex-slang words back when we were first married.  But our marriage and sex life has evolved I guess.Over the years (especially recently for the spicy words) one or both of us have used the following slang and regular terms for body parts: pussy, cunt, dick, cock, rod, erection, love tunnel, clit, clitty, clitoris, tits, titty or titties, boobs, boobies, butt, vagina, penis, breasts, nipples, & nips.  Melody also calls my semen “my present” or “your little guys swimming up inside me.”  We both call it “cum.”  When we use flavored AloeCadabra lube I call our pussy-mixed cum our chocolate protein shake pussy… & strawberry cream pie… cream sickle cunt, etc. depending on the specific flavor.There are some archaic sex slang terms that I researched and once in a while I use those.  A few of them are: cream the kitty, plow your garden, & do you a kindness.  Maybe one day I’ll make an MH post with all of those archaic terms.In the last year or two, my wife has started to say “puuuuuusssy” in a long drawn out sexy way.  She still prefers to refer to my erection as “Fred.”  She came up with that name on our wedding night when she nervously first saw and touched “Fred.”  Melody likes to tell me to go inside her puuuusssy!  And she’ll say how good it feels to have Fred inside her puuuussssy!   This, of course, is a major turn-on for me!  When I’m fucking Melody, and she begs me to come in her puuusssy, I always have an orgasmic explosion… & I cream her kitty!In the past, I have not cared for the “F word” because my understanding is that F U C K stands for “For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge.”  Since our marriage sex is loving AND lawful I came up with the word “FLICK” which means “For Loving (or Lawful) Incredible Carnal Knowledge.”However recently I have began using “fuck” at times during sex.  For instance, I might say, “Melody, I love fucking your sweet pulsating pussy with my hard dick!”It feels like no other word quite describes our enthusiastic and very animated sexual intercourse like the F-word.  Eleutheros said something like this in her post “Holy Words”The F-word is only rarely used by Melody.  She’ll sometimes tell me she doesn’t like the word so I don’t use it then.  Other times I think it turns her on & helps her cum.  It’s important that I keep my wife’s feelings & mood in mind.We have some other spicy terms or phrases for the sex act like:   taking a roll in the hay, pretending we are married, pounding, & doing a sex massage.  Melody has always liked to demand during foreplay- when she’s ready “Go inside me!” or more recently she’ll ask me, “Don’t ya want to go inside my puuusssy?”  etc. etc.I also have started to use more extreme language in descriptive ways in my stories.  Such as writing, “I began fucking her already creamed cunt once again!”We now schedule a full lovemaking session every third day.  On the off days my wife “fixes my problem” or FMP.  She will orally and manually stimulate my nips as I masturbate to orgasm.  Sometimes she will be the one pumping my rod.  Sometimes the FMP turns into oral sex or/& a full lovemaking/sex session with sexual intercourse and usually us both having orgasms.  Of course “fixing my problem” or FMP or oral sex are still forms of lovemaking.Earlier this year, before her back surgery, my wife purchased a male vibrating stroker for me.  I wrote about that a couple of times.  Melody surprised me by naming it “Julia.”  So often we’ll use that in our FMP and also as part of our sex sessions – and Melody will talk for Julia as in, “That feels so good Tommy!  I love having you up in my puuusssy!”  &  “Cum in my puuusssy Tommy!”   Lately I have been talking to “Julia” by saying things like, “I love seeing your boobs bounce as you ride my cock!”I’ll say things to Melody like, “Time to fuck Julia!”  Or on days Melody & I don’t have sexual intercourse I often use Julia on my cock as my wife loves on my man-nips and fondles my balls. My wife will talk for Julia and say other things like, “Oh Tommy you’re so big!  I love riding you with Fred inside of me!”Including “Julia” has been rather fun this year.  Of course, we are a committed and happily monogamous Christian couple.  We don’t actually do threesomes.  I told Melody this morning (when we started our lovemaking session with Julia), that Julia is an extension of Melody. My wife agreed. The fun thing is that this morning the FMP turned into full lovemaking with me fucking Melody’s puuusssy!. (That’s a story for another time.)I should mention that we have named specific items in our collection of sex toys with names like “Flicka,” & “Fred Junior.”We don’t feel like using spicy language in our sex life is wrong.  Again, I apologize if this offends some of you – especially when I use that type of language in my writing. I know some but not all MH writers use spicy language.  Maybe I’ll one day decide to not use it but for now, spicy sex slang is part of our lovemaking and part of the stories I write – about our sexual encounters.I’m curious about what percent of you Marriage Heat readers use spicy sex language in your sexual intimacy with your spouse.  And what specific words or phrases do you use for body parts, specific sex acts, & semen… and what do you SAY to your spouse during your lovemaking/sex sessions?