After our first baby, my parents came for a visit.After lunch one day, Mom suggested that my wife and I take a break together. Mom had already talked to my wife about it earlier, so when I agreed, my wife jumped at the chance, almost running out the door. I followed, her eagerness having me wondering if she had something planned.She had been surprisingly flirty all morning. When no one was watching, she would do all kinds of things to tease me. She would press her body up against me, grab at my crotch, or bend over in front of me and purposely take a long time before standing back up. I returned the favor by palming her breast when possible. I figured we would be having a good night that night—if the baby would stay asleep, which was unlikely.It was going to be a nice day, so the wife suggested a beach day. Since it was a Monday, when we got to our spot at the beach, there were only two other couples in the vicinity.Sitting on a blanket, my wife started taking off her sun dress. Underneath it, she surprised me by wearing the very tiny bikini she’d gotten on our honeymoon in Cancun. She saw the gleam in my eyes looking at her body. Even though my wife had to deal with all that was required of a first-time mother, she’d taken the time to get her body back in shape, and I was the beneficiary of the gorgeous view that her hard work provided.She’d packed my swim suit for me, which turned out to be the Speedo she had me wear on our honeymoon. I went to the bathhouse to change into them, then returned to our spot.A few more people showed up as we lay on the beach, but even with others around, my wife was very touchy-feely and flirtacious. We walked to the water together, and just like earlier in the morning, she frequently pressed her body up against mine, sometimes rubbing my crotch. She bent over in front of me, taking a long time pretending to pick up seashells. Her bikini bottoms were so small that they’d settled between her cheeks.I wondered where this was leading, but I didn’t have to wait long to find out.We had barely gotten in the surf when she began rubbing my crotch, this time more insistently. I was hard almost instantly, and couldn’t keep from squirming.“What’s the matter?” she asked, shooting me a sexy smile.We couldn’t keep our hands off each other, and stood pressed together as we kissed. My wife continued running her palm up and down on my crotch.Walking out of the surf, I was still sporting an erection, which strained against my Speedo. A lot more people had showed up by this time, so my wife suggested we leave.As drove the car to exit the parking area, my wife reached over to cup the crotch of my pants again. I looked over at her and she purred in a sultry voice. “Better keep your eyes on the road mister.”She didn’t make it easy. She unzipped my fly and pulled my penis out of my pants. It was very difficult to focus on driving with her expert fingers stroking my erection and whispering sexy things in her sultry bedroom voice.Shockingly, she stopped and said, “Let’s get an ice cream cone!”As I was making the turn into the parking lot, she teased, “Oh no, you didn’t come. It looks like you will just have to wait.”With that, she gently tucked my rock-hard dick back into my pants. She giggled as I adjusted myself, zipped up, and waited for me to open the door for her. She stepped out of the truck, glanced down at the bulge in my pants, then brushed it with her hand as she stepped past me.“Having a little trouble there?” she asked with a sultry smile as I took her hand and led her into the shop.Sitting side by side, we chatted, flirted, and enjoyed our ice cream. She kept glancing at my crotch. I thought I had hidden the bulge pretty well, but it was still straining against my pants, and it was somewhat noticeable.After finishing the ice cream, I was more than ready to hop back into the truck with this vixen. Sure enough, we had barely pulled out of the parking lot when she pulled my dick out of my pants again.“Are we going to make it home?” she asked, her expert fingers working their magic on my dick.“If you want to,” I said, struggling to stay on the road. “Unless you know a place to pull off.”She thought about this, licked her fingers, then went back to stroking me with barely a “hmm.” I wasn’t sure what she was thinking, but I was up for just about anything at that point, whether it was going back home and risking interruption by the baby, or bending her over on the side of the road.“Pull off here,” she said before we passed her old Catholic church. I eagerly complied and, after circling the lot to make sure we were alone, I pulled off into a corner of the empty lot and shut down the engine.I had only just put it into park when she engulfed my dick with her mouth. The warmth and wetness of her mouth felt like heaven on my penis as she bobbed up and down. Her thumb and forefinger circled around the base of my dick, stroking up and down in time with her mouth. I moaned at the ecstasy of this moment and pulled the sundress off her shoulders, untying her bikini top to fondle her newly freed breasts.Picking her head up from my lap, she removed her bikini bottoms. I removed my pants, and soon we were both naked from the waist down. I slid my seat back as far as it would go and then leaned it back, and without hesitation she crawled over and mounted me. The feel of her wet pussy sliding down over my erection was glorious beyond description. As she ground her hips against me, I caressed and grabbed her breasts. They were still full of milk and hung tantalizingly just in front of my face, swaying with each of our movements. I cupped one in my hands and brought it to my face where I sucked on her erect nipple. She moaned and began bouncing up and down on my shaft.I switched to the other breast, playing my tongue across her hardened nipple. She moaned louder, pulling my face closer to her chest. I was lost in the moment, her pussy hungrily sliding up and down my penis, the sounds of her wanton moans and ragged breath filling my ears. One breast was pressed to my face, the other bouncing against my cheek. I suckled her nipple, tasting her warm milk on my tongue, and realizing I was nursing her breast.With her hand desperately grasping the back of my head, her pussy continued hungrily sliding up and down my penis. The sounds of her wanton moans and ragged breath filling my ears were sweet music to me.We began increasing our tempo until her first climax gripped her, as she bucked and tensed, her pussy grasping me tightly for a few intense seconds until her orgasm passed.Still breathing rapidly, knowing I hadn’t orgasmed yet, she slipped off of me and turned around. She grasped the door armrest, placed one foot on the floor and the other knee on the seat, and presented her rounded ass for me to admire.Looking over her shoulder she said, “Hey big boy, it’s time for your reward.” Kneeling behind her and grasping her hips, I slid my still-damp cock up and down the slickness still coating her pussy. As I eased just the tip in, she moaned with the insertion. With her still soaking wet from her earlier orgasm, I eagerly slid into her waiting pussy.She moaned “Oh, yes!” as I bottomed out in her pussy. She had never been this vocal!Still surprising me, she said loudly, “Your cock feels so good in my pussy!” That was the first time I’d ever heard her speak the word “pussy”!I glanced out the windows to make sure no one had pulled up while we were busy, then began to pound her pussy.I had unrestricted access to those lovely breasts hanging freely in front of her. She giggled with with mischievous joy and pleasure as my cock drove into her pussy. She was close to climaxing again, and all her inhibitions were gone. With every push in, she was pushing back just as hard, sending me deeper into the warmth of her body. Grabbing her hips to drive into her pussy hard, I had to be bumping against her cervix on every drive. She cried out louder as she pushed her ass back against me with each thrust.She felt my cock swelling in her pussy, and she knew it wouldn’t be long before I’d cum.“Yes!” she moaned. “Cum for me! Fill my pussy! Oh, oh! OHHH!” she screamed as I sent ropes of cum surging from the tip of my cock, filling her pussy. As my cock erupted in her pussy, it pushed her into another intense orgasm.After her orgasm, she dropped onto the seat. Because of the baby, it had been a while since we’d been able to have this type of passionate sex. For that reason, I stayed semi-erect, and as my erection swelled again, my wife felt it too.Reaching back with her left hand, she cupped and fondled my balls, and we thrust together till I released my second, smaller load of cum to mix with my first. I was now spent. I raised my head to make sure we were still alone, and then we lay there with my softened erection in her wetness.Finally, after a brief moment of catching our breath, we slipped apart. We sat close together, hugging and kissing. It was exhilarating to be naked in the daylight in the church parking lot. We finally dressed, kissed again, and then drove off.Back on the road, she said, “I wonder what my old priests and nuns would say if they knew we had sex in their parking lot!”This gave us a memory that will always remind us that spontaneous sex can be wonderful.