I have long advocated that you are now reading one of the hottest and surefire tickets to a hot sex session! Oh, yeah – you certainly are. I don’t intend for this little story to be a promotion ad for MH. It just happened to turn out that way, and for all of the right reasons …I was super horny last evening when Jim arrived back home after a 4-day business trip. And he wasn’t in the mood! I repeat, hewasn’tin the mood! So, what’s a very horny, large (swollen) breasted, and cream-soaked woman to do?Answer: Improvise and get creative.“So sorry, hot stuff,” Jim said. “This was the most boring business trip ever, and I couldn’t even nap on the plane,” he added. He plopped down on the living room sofa, with, “I’m beat.”I brought him a drink and sat beside him. The drink would probably finish him off for sure, but he really needed one.“Wanna tell me about it?” I said as I sprawled on the couch in front of him. I had my iPad in hand, ready to share some hot MH material with him in case I felt the possibility of a hard-on resurrection.“Nah, I’m talked out. Whatcha got there, hot stuff?”Here comes my green light, I thought.“Well, I was just looking through some pretty hot stuff in the MarriageHeat stories section, and it’s got me in a mood. Interested?”Jim took a big hit of his scotch and soda. “Sure, as long as I can get a show with the story,” he said with an evil grin.Bingo, I thought as I part my legs and open my light robe to expose my hot, heavy, and rapidly swelling breasts.I started reading a recent MH story and traced the outline of my silver-dollar-size areolas with my fingers while occasionally flicking the eraser hard nipples growing atop them. As I began the third paragraph, I glanced at him. His eyes were closed, and his right hand had claimed the unmistakable hard-on straining to be free from his pleated pants.So hot! I thought as I continued working my nips… pinching and rolling… mmmm.Some movement drew my attention as I finish the 6th paragraph and felt my creamy cunt oozing just a bit. It was Jim removing his pants and underwear.Ah, that’s more like it. I grinned like a schoolgirl.When he had his meat firmly in hand, he uttered, “I want to taste your incredible, creamy pussy, right now. Please take a seat.”  He slid down a little on the couch and opened his mouth and flicked his skilled tongue.I was SOOO delighted that the game has changed so quickly. Credit to MH letters.“You don’t need to ask me twice,” I said as I leaped up off the end of the couch, gave a quick, slurpy kiss to the large cock-head in his hand, and positioned my aching cunt directly over his mouth. He began to say something, but I muffled his words with the full force of my cowgirl bucking.“Ah, that’s right, you fucking stud, chow down on your favorite meal. Yes! Yes. Oh, fuck yes,” I screamed. I gave one last, firm twist to my nipples and squirted my juices into his hungry mouth. Knowing I was going to have an amazing, pent-up orgasm, I pulled up from his mouth a little, lowered my head and actually saw my squirt! It was sooo hot!After recovering from the tremors of my delicious orgasm, I moved right into my welcome home deep throat mode. I knew he was ready to cum big time. I was just waiting for my signal as I always do at this point.“Swallow every drop, slut!” I heard as he gripped the back of my head and emptied his load in four major spurts. The first shot went so deep I could swear it tickled my lungs! His cock swelled till it almost blocked my entire airway. His very loud growling sent a strong message of just how much he loves his favorite cocksucker.So, we collapsed and hugged each other for awhile. He then asked what hottie wrote the MH letter I read to him to start our passion fires burning.“I’ll put it to you this way, Jimmy: you just fucked an author. Look for ‘Just in the Nip of Time’ under the stories heading!”Thanks again, MH!