(A) – This story contains anal play.Sam’s and my marriage has been a long and at times a hard and trying work-in-progress for our 15 years.  I am very spoiled and selfish to a fault.  I grew up an only child in a wealthy family, and I got what I wanted when I wanted it.  Sam does very well for us, and I do not want for much.  Sex is the one and only thing I go without more than I like.  The older we get, the more sex I want.  The older we get, the more time Sam spends away on business.I’ve not been very nice to him at all since last Christmas.  I even moved into the in-law suite for the past few months.  But I’ve been studying the Bible a lot recently.  I’ve also been talking to the church pastor a couple of times a week.  I am working on my issues and taking the time to do the work in my marriage.It was Sam’s birthday.  He was in the shower as I dressed in a sheer black baby doll nighty.  My hair and make-up were done perfectly. I rubbed scented lotion all over my body, which tingled as my fingers ran over my Brazilian-waxed pussy.  I made my way to his bedroom and sat on his bed—well, actually our bed.  Sam walked out of the bathroom naked and froze, staring at me as I stood and walked towards him.  The way I looked was having the desired effect on him. His cock was hardening as I stepped up to him.I placed my hands on his bare chest and felt his heart pounding before I slid my hands down his toned belly.  Before they could grab his cock, he grabbed them and spun me around. I was trembling as he pulled the straps off my shoulders and tugged the nighty down. It caught on my big hard nipples. He slid his hands around and squeezed my big tits before pulling the nighty the rest of the way off and dropping it to the floor.Sam stepped closer, grabbed my ass, and pulled my cheeks apart. This caused a long, soft moan and gasp to come out of me as he pressed his big hard cock down through my crack.  My body was on fire, and my pussy was dripping and running down my legs.  I pressed back against him, and his big hard cock slid along my pussy. I jumped as I looked down and saw the head of his cock sticking out in front of means if it were my cock.  His big hands slid up to squeeze my tits and pinch and twist my nipples hard as he bit down into my shoulder blade.  My body shook, and my juices flowed as my pussy spasmed and ran all over his cock. As I shuddered, he slid his cock back and forth along my pussy lips and prolonged my pleasure.My knees wobbled.  He pulled his cock out from between my thighs and scooped me into his arms, kissing me deeper and harder than anything I can remember. As he laid me on our bed and stood at my feet, panting, I opened my legs for him.  He lay down between them, and I spread my pussy lips for him. They were pink, wet, and swollen, and my clit jutted out like a small cock.He slowly kissed and licked down the inside of my thighs, including the crease on both sides of my bald pussy.  He moaned, and I grabbed the bed sheets, arching my back as I groaned in pleasure.  Softly he blew on my pussy, sending shivers and tingles through my body as my clit throbbed.  He licked me and moaned as he tasted my sweet honey.  His tongue pleasured me up and down through my wet slit, flicking my clit.  My body responded, and I started to shake and pulse.As I cried out, he took my clit in his mouth and sucked and licked it so delightfully hard. My honey once again gushed from my pussy. He opened his mouth, closed it over my pussy, and slid his tongue into me, drinking in my juices.  As I was shaking, he slid his body up. His big beautiful cock went straight into my pussy with ease, filling me to my core. Our eyes locked. He pulled out most of the way and thrust back in with a commanding force I’d never experienced but longed for.Again and again, Sam thrust into me, taking me, having his way with me, showing me he was in control.  Soon my body was vibrating, and my pussy pulsed around his hard, thrusting cock. My release, when it came, was powerful: my juices gushed out around his cock as he continued to pound my pussy.  I begged him to stop as I didn’t think I could take anymore. My pussy tingled to the edge of pleasure and pain.  I screamed and cried out again as I experienced another intense release.  It felt as if time stopped, and I blacked out for a few seconds.When I came to, he was still driving into me, bouncing me off the mattress.  I couldn’t take it anymore, yet I didn’t want him to stop.  He moaned loudly and squeezed my tits hard, twisting my nipples as he buried his cock into me. Then he exploded, flooding my pussy. Then he pulled out, and some of his hot cum sprayed me, painting my quivering body and face.I smiled and moved to straddle his legs. Opening my mouth, I took his cum-covered cock into my mouth.  Slowly he pushed to the entrance of my throat. I gagged and gagged but still held his cock until I calmed down. Then he pushed slow and steady down into my throat.  My throat vibrated, and I moaned as my body shook.  He too moaned as his cock jumped and throbbed. I felt his hot cum sliding down my throat, as I tried to swallow hard and fast.His pulling out was the last thing I remember until I opened my eyes. I saw the sun rising as I moaned and wiggled, face down on the bed. My hands were stretched forward and tied to the bed posts. His hot, wet tongue was licking and pressing in and out of my virgin asshole.  I tried to speak but realized I had material, my panties, stuffed in my mouth and tied around my head with his tie.Mmmm, I getting what I asked for, right?