This post contains strong language (L).It was a little past eleven when I stepped out of the shower. I could hear the bedroom television as I dried myself. Ben had taken his shower earlier while I was preparing supper and was already in bed.Drying my hair with a towel, I walked nude into the bedroom. Ben was lying with his head propped up on two pillows and his hands under his head, the bed covers concealing his mid-section.“Anything good on?” I asked.“Just channel-surfing! I haven’t found anything very interesting.” Ben replied, then glanced over at me and grinned.Grabbing a brush from the top of my dresser, I ran it through my slightly damp hair as I glanced at the television screen. It’s not unusual for us to have the TV on when we go to bed. We often turn the volume way down and talk until we get sleepy—or something else.“Want something to drink, babe?” I asked.“I don’t believe so. Thank you, though!” Ben replied.I walked nude to the kitchen, poured myself a small glass of wine, and peeked outside the kitchen window. It would have been a perfect night for a late-night swim had it not been so cool. I clicked off the kitchen light and headed back to the bedroom.Crawling into bed, I sat cross-legged and finished my wine, occasionally glancing at the television. Then I slid under the covers and moved next to Ben. We kissed briefly and just cuddled together. I let my fingers play on his chest and abdomen. I then flicked my tongue over and around his nipple, and my hand drifted down his body and under the covers.“Baby, you better behave!” Ben said with a grin as he felt me grasp his limp, sleeping cock in my hand.“What? I’m not doing anything!” I replied, giving him a mischievous grin as I rubbed and pulled on his dick, feeling it slowly start to harden.We kissed passionately, our tongues entwining as we made out. I nibbled and sucked on his earlobe and neck, and his cock grew even harder in my hand as I stroked him.“You’re getting hard, baby! I wanna be your little slut tonight, baby. Would you like that, daddy?” I whispered into his ear.“You know I would, you naughty slut!” Ben replied as I slowly jacked him off.“Mmmmm, yes! I am your naughty slut, baby. What would you like me to do, daddy? Want me to suck your dick?” I whispered, feeling the heat rise in my own body. I was hungry for him and so ready for some hot lovin’.“I’d like that!” Ben replied, then kissed me again.I looked at him as I slowly kissed and licked my way down. Then, moving the covers away to expose his hard cock, I gently kissed the tip and stroked him. I then began to run my tongue along the slit and around the head of his cock.“That feels so good! Suck it, suck my cock!” Ben groaned.I began sucking him, alternating with strokes from my hand. It didn’t take long for his dick to become rock-hard. His groans of pleasure let me know he was enjoying my oral efforts.“Baby, damn! You keep this up, and your gonna make me cum!” he groaned.“Is that such a bad thing?” I replied with a laugh as I released his dick and straddled it. I didn’t let him penetrate me at first but just rubbed my clit as he watched.“Damn, I want you!” said Ben as he squeezed my thighs with his hands.“Want this pussy, daddy? Do you want to fuck me with your big cock, baby?” I replied with a flirtatious giggle as I continued to touch myself.“Damn! You’re so fucking hot!” Ben growled as he suddenly grabbed me and rolled us over so that he was on top of me. I gasped as he thrust his cock inside me.“Ohhhhh, baby! Ohhhhhhh!” I cried out as he began fucking me in hard deep strokes. His balls bounced off my ass as our bed creaked and groaned.My body burned with passion, and I could feel my orgasm building inside me as I worked my hips to match his thrusts. I so wanted and needed this as my breathing became shallow, and my sounds of pleasure began to intensify.“Ohhhhhhh, God! Yessss! I’m gon-gonna cu-cum! Fuuuuucccck!” I squealed as my orgasm overtook me. My body stiffened and shook, my legs straightened, and my toes curled.Ben continued to pound me with deep hard thrusts as he fucked me relentlessly. His grunts and groans mixed with my shrieks and moans. His cock felt so damn good as I locked my feet around his waist.We kissed passionately as my fingers dug into his back, causing him to grimace just a bit. Suddenly my body trembled with yet another orgasm.“Yesssss! Yessssss b-b-baaaabbby!” I cried out as my pleasure overloaded my brain and body.“You’re such a hot slut! I’m gonna cum! I’m gonna fill your hot cunt with my cum! Fuck, Gina, here it cums!” Ben groaned as his cock erupted and spewed his white-hot load deep inside me. His body trembled as the pleasure of his orgasm showed on his face.“Yes, cum, baby! I love you so much! Fill me with your warm cream!” I panted into his ear.After a couple of minutes, Ben pulled out and moved from on top of me. His dick was still semi-erect, wet with my juices, and leaking a bit of cum. I took him into my mouth and eagerly sucked him, tasting our mixed juices. His body jerked from the feeling of his cock’s sensitivity as I coaxed a little more cum from his nuts.To my delight, his dick remained semi-erect as I climbed on top of him and slipped it back into my now cum-filled, creamy pussy. I began riding him, grinding my clit against his groin. It wasn’t long before I came a third time. It was a small orgasm but still felt great. I rolled off him and lay panting beside him, our pubic hair matted with our juices.Ben lay beside me and smiled as I rose from the bed to clean myself and pee. When I returned to the bedroom, Ben had gotten out of bed and gone to the kitchen.“There you are!” I said when I saw him standing by the refrigerator opening a beer. His satisfied cock hung limp between his legs over his large ball sack.Walking over to him, I kissed him and gently pulled on his bottom lip with my teeth. Then I looked into his eyes and smiled as I took his warm, soft dick in my hand.“Why don’t we go back to bed, and you let me suck on this beautiful thing?” I whispered into his ear.“Damn! You’re cock hungry tonight, aren’t you?” Ben said with a grin, then took a swallow from his beer.“You know it! I’m always hungry for you, babe! Think you’ll be able to get it up again if I suck it?” I said with a giggle.“Kinda soon, don’t ya think, baby?” said Ben, then took another swallow from his beer. He gave me a quick kiss, and we headed back to bed.As he walked into the bathroom to pee, I grabbed the clit stimulator I kept in my nightstand and leaned up against the headboard, pleasuring my pussy.Ben emerged from the bathroom, and his eyes lit up when he saw me masturbating. He said nothing as he got into bed beside me and turned off the television with the remote. His interest was now very focused on watching me.To be continued…Stay horny, my friends!—GG