This post contains strong language (L).I’m lying on our bed naked since my husband texted me to say he would be home in a couple of minutes.  I hear him come in and close the door before calling for me.  When he steps inside the bedroom, he stops and says, “Well, well, what do we have here?”I picture his eyes examining my rising and falling breasts and hard nipples. He moans and I imagine his sexy smirk when he sees my totally smooth pussy, wet and glistening.  You see, I have to imagine these things; I’ve been blind since my early teens.“You are so beautiful,” my husband tells me. “What a wonderful surprise.”  I hear him undressing and try to picture it.  I’ve “seen” his body with my hands, so I’ve put together a mental image that I can call up when I want. But I’ve also learned to read the way he moves, the sounds he makes, and the smell of him that changes faintly when he’s aroused.My husband leans over me and kisses me, his big hard cock rubbing and leaking his precum over my thigh.  Then he kisses me harder and caresses my breasts, but I just lay still and moan.  He climbs on top of me, ready to fuck me, but tonight, I hope for more.Reaching my hand to the corner posts of the bed, I grab the two silk scarfs tied there and hold them.“What’s this?” he says, reaching to finger the soft cloth in my fist.In a soft trembling voice, I say, “They are to do with as you wish, my love.”My husband straddles my chest, his cock rubbing and bouncing against my face as he ties my hands to the bedposts.  Then he swings a leg over and stands. Before he repositions himself, I spread my legs open and point with my toes at two more scarves on the footboard. He quickly ties them, and I feel his eyes roving me as I lay tied spread-eagle on our bed.After a moment, my husband kneels between my legs and runs his hands softly up them, stopping once his thumbs are on each side of my hot, wet pussy.  I pant in anticipation, but his hands retreat, teasing me. Next, I feel his fingertips graze my lips before lazily wanding down over my neck, chest, breasts, and belly to pause again between my parted thighs. Now? No. Instead, he plants his hands on either side of my torso and achingly circles my nipple with the tip of his tongue. My back arches, begging for more contact or suction, but he pulls further away. He’s playing mind games with me, and I love it!When I feel his finger slowly enter me and begin to work in and out, I let out a cry of pleasure, my head tossing. Finally, his lips latch onto my breast and begin to suckle while his tongue flicks. The combined sensations tangle my nerve endings.He lets go of my breast to speak. “Do you like this, my love?”I nod yes, feeling my juices begin to flow. Then another finger slides into me, and I cry out again.“You’re so beautiful—hot and sexy.  I’m so fucking hard for you right now.”Hearing him say that excites me more. I moan and try to lift my hips up to meet his thrusting fingers. When he presses a third finger into me, I scream—not in pain, no. It’s pure adrenaline coursing through my veins. My pussy pulses and tingles, ready to explode, and he knows it, too.My husband stops, pulls his fingers from me. I feel his weight settle over me and smell my womanly sent as he brings my wetness to my lips. I open to taste, and as his fingers enter my mouth, so his cock slides easily into by pussy.  I groan as he fills me completely.“You complete me, my love,” he says, then takes his fingers from my mouth and kisses me.Please,” I beg against his lips, “please take me.”I feel his grin as he raises his hips and then pushes into me hard. He begins to pound, taking my breath away with each thrust, and I rise to meet him, urging him to give me more. So he pushes back onto his knees, gripping and lifting my hips to drive deeper into me with all his power. He knows just what I want: to melt under his onslaught, drip from his hands as if molten.But underneath, the tension rises. Slowly, my body begins to tighten as he fucks me wildly, pulling against its bonds until… until… I shatter!As I writhe, convulsing on his cock, my husband stops and just holds my groin tightly to his, as deep as he can go.  My clasping pussy squeezes around him, and I feel every inch of his shaft inside me and the pressure of its head against my cervix. Long, wracking tremors shake me until I’m panting, broken, lost.“Wow.”I manage a weak smile at his amazement. “Thank you,” I whisper.Oh, don’t thank me yet,” my husband growls. He lowers my hips to the bed and his lips find mine once more as he begins to thrust again. I strain to wrap my arms and legs around him. But of course, I can’t—and that excites me! He’s up on his elbows, his hips rocking into mine and sweat collects between us; I feel some drip onto my chest. He begins to incorporate a little sliding into his thrust, his body rubbing against my clitoris just enough to restart the buildup, the aching tension rising once more.“Do you like this, my love?”I nod, breathless.“Do you like this, my love? Tell me.”“Yes… Oh, yes!”My husband keeps his pace quick and steady, his breaths coming hot and heavy against my face. And then they are gone. His groan of completion echoes off the walls around us as his hot cum shoots out in long blasts into my pussy and overflows around his cock. Yet still, he thrusts, and the new slipperiness somehow sets off my orgasm. I shake under him, as he grunts with each push into my flooded pussy.I’m enraptured, my mind wheeling as I settle and still. My pussy tingles and I give one last shudder as he slows to a stop.“Now you can thank me,” my husband says, and I return the smile I hear in his voice.“Maybe you should be thanking me,” I say as he reaches to untie my hands, “for my unbelievable surprise!”He kisses me. “Thank you, my love. Don’t hesitate to surprise me anytime at all.”