We had been married 22 years, but hadn’t had PIV sex in almost 5.Stephanie has vaginismus and sex had always been a struggle. We were each other’s first. We had oral sex before we got married, but we felt some guilt about that. Stephanie was by no means a prude. And she was spared most of the ill effects of purity culture, becoming a Christian in college. Always the avid masturbator, she had a strong libido in her youth. She had been looking forward to her wedding night for years.But instead of a happy wedding night, she cried tears of discouragement. We didn’t know what was wrong, and were too scared to ask. She thought (in her words) that she was just being a wimp. In 2002, when we got married, there were less resources online to deal with this sort of thing. We were on our own. I tried stretching her with my fingers, and we found cigar cases that were kind of like dildos. We consummated our marriage after three months and fell into a routine of once-a-week maintenance sex. There were a few times we tried different positions. But PIV was often a drawn-out ordeal involving a lot of stretching exercises and stopping and starting.A couple years into our marriage, we came across the word “vaginismus” online. While the symptoms seemed familiar, we really didn’t know who to turn to for advice. At the time dilators were too expensive for us. A primary care doctor told Stephanie that she had an unbroken hymen and a simple procedure would cure her.In 2019, we finally saw a specialist who told us that her primary doctor was wrong. We were told she needed pelvic floor therapy. We decided to stop PIV sex altogether. During this time, we had many arguments about sex. Stephanie’s libido had tanked. I was frustrated. I wanted sex to be something that would bring us together. An adventure and escape that we could share like many of the couples on Marriage Heat.In 2022, we began to experience a turn around. First, Stephanie agreed to sex twice a week. Now it’s important that people know that sex is not just PIV. We were not having PIV together, but we were making love through foreplay, long kissing sessions, and mutual masturbation.The next turn around was some great advice we got online. A woman on a similar site told her story of bioidentical hormone replacement therapy. I was convinced the first thing Stephanie needed, before treating her vaginismus, was her libido back. BHRT sounded like science fiction. On another similar site, someone mentioned hog pheromones. It sounds weird, but there has been a lot of positive testimonials about this. People said spraying a little of this farm product on their neck, or their wife’s pillow, brought a complete turnaround. One guy said his wife turned from a prude into the kind of woman men would pay to be with.In October 2022, we decided to buy a set of dilators and start working through them. The first one was about as narrow as a pencil. One by one, she worked through them. Some of them were conquered in just a few weeks, others took months. By December 2023, she was on the eighth and last dilator with ease.On the last day of January 2023, Stephanie experienced a remarkable transformation. We don’t know if it was the hog spray or not. But all of a sudden, she got her libido back. She is somewhat sapiosexual and loves the stories in her head. She developed a crush on a celebrity of sorts. Imagining him with a lover got her hot and bothered every day.To one degree or another, she has been horny and wet every day since. This is in spite of her being 5 years post-menopausal (she is now 51 and I’m 46). Sex went up from two to at least three times a week. The sexual magnetism that had been lost for so many years was back. She was drawn to me again, like I was drawn to her. In March 2023, she started hormone therapy. We see a doctor we like to call “Doctor Horny.” We only sixty-nined once before, way back when we were dating. Bow it has become part of our regular routine.Today, instead of tears of sorrow, Stephanie cried tears of joy. I entered her with no discomfort at all for the first time in almost 5 years. I even increased my thrusting tempo, and she enjoyed every inch of it.“Oh yeah fuck me! Fuck your horny little slut!” she screamed.I was a little worried about my own performance. It had been 5 years, and I was concerned about my erectile function. But as I focused on what I was doing I felt less human and more animal.We couldn’t be stopped. It was all natural, organic, condom-free fucking.I came deep inside of her, and massive white creamy loads poured out of her juicy pussy.Afterwards, she cried a different kind of tears, she was so turned on. After I got out of bed to write this story, she masturbated and came again. Even though she used to be a one-and-done girl, she said it was her best second orgasm ever.Never give up. We believe the best is yet to cum.