Some of this post I put in a comment to lonelyfarmer’s “Male Masturbation Toys” post. But there is more to the story…As I’ve mentioned on MH previously, right before my wife had back surgery she got me a “Hello Cake Vibrating Stroker.” To me, the stroker was evidence of her love for me. And within a week of her surgery, as she began to recover, she would stimulate my man-nips as I used the stroker.Even now on days we don’t plan on having sexual intercourse, Melody licks, sucks, and finger stimulates my man-nips as I usethe stroker.It does not look like a realistic pussy, but the Hello Cake Male Stroker is amazing! It is shaped somewhat like a small, soft, 2-inch-deep horseshoe. With any size penis, you can squeeze it to fit your member securely. The vibrations come from a removable bullet vibe inside the bottom part of the sex toy. If you are on the larger size, you can use your thumb across the top opening or gap. It works so well that I threw out my other two non-vibrating male masturbation tube-shaped toys earlier this week.Now that my wife has made considerable progress in her recovery from her surgery, we are back to having full sex about every three days (sometimes more often, and sometimes less.) She almost always uses a vibe on her clit during foreplay AND during sexual intercourse. We use the cuissade sex position, where she lies on her back, I lie at a right angle to her, and my cock is lined up with her pussy. This position makes it easy for her to buzz her clitoris during sexual intercourse.I realized an amazing thing that I just discovered today after using the Hello Cake Male Stroker during foreplay. Usually, I don’t use the stroker (or as my wife calls it, “Julia”) during foreplay on our full lovemaking days.Today was supposed to be a full-sex day, but my wife was feeling sick from a cold. So I lubed Julia up with coconut oil and mango-flavored AloeCadabra lube (because I often taste my cum mixed with the lube after I’ve climaxed). I thought my wife was going to love on my man-nips as Julia & I “fucked.” But then Melody (my wife) walked back in from the bathroom totally nude and sexy looking! After kissing and some light petting that got progressively heavier, I realized Melody wanted sex.“But Julia will be jealous!” I protested. “She thought SHE was going to have all the fun after I lubed up her pussy. Julia wanted to ride me as I fucked her!”Melody laughed and suggested that I should use Julia first. So I turned on Julia and started stroking my rod as Melody began to talk for Julia.“Ooohhh that feels so good! I like you inside my pussy!”That was a surprise! It was the first time Melody talked for “Julia,” but it was and is a huge turn-on every time!After a while of doing Julia, I got into our go-to cuissade sex position, then slid my hard cock into my wife’s wet and waiting pussy. (Before fucking Julia, I lubed Melody’s pussy up with the same lube combo.)Anyway, Melody asked me to be gentle because her back was hurting some today. So my thrusts started slow, then built up to fast without banging my groin into her external pussy. But being blessed with a long dick, I can still go way up inside her as we are making love without pounding my pelvis into her. I’ll often alternate thrusting deeply and then shallowly.Melody was using herSensuelle+bullet vibe today while I fucked her… and it is quite powerful for such a small vibrator. When I went shallow, the sensations from the vibe passing through my wife’s Kegal-muscle-powered pussy were just as intense as anything I had ever experienced. In fact, my orgasm was the best—or at least one of the best—orgasms I’ve ever had! I filled my wife with man-love-cream in what felt like a catastrophic volcanic eruption complete with earthquakes!“Oh my goodness!” I gasped when my eruption finally ended. “That was AMAZING!”Unfortunately, Melody was feeling too sick to go for her orgasm, but when this happens she gets wired for the next time. Although often I can slide up to orally pounce on her titties and bring her HER personal earthquake, I knew she was pretty sick, so I didn’t push it. She assured me that she’d had fun anyway. I know I did!Normally we do a round two manually or with Julia or just back in Melody’s pussy… but I was still recovering from the cold I gave my wife, and my heart and my asthma were acting up after that rousing sex session. With those issues and Melody feeling poorly, we decided we were done. However, we also decided that next sex session, we’d have another go at me doing Julia—but not to orgasm—then for me to do Melody afterward! I knew today would leave my sexy wife primed for the next time we made love.I want to add that we honestly feel like God is still blessing us with new amazing and delightful pleasures in our long-term marital sex life in spite of all our medical issues. We don’t use Julia every sex encounter because variety is the spice of life. In fact, Melody has around ten different vibrators. She often goes through a progression of vibes during a lovemaking session.So, to recap and in conclusion: For a few months now, we’ve used the Hello Cake vibrating male stroker. But today was different because I was using the stroker before sexual intercourse and had a monster orgasm in my very sexy wife’s pussy!I am convinced that my use of the vibrating stroker has helped me be WAY more sensitive to her bullet vibe’s vibrations that pass through her vaginal wall to my erection. That leads to some of the most intense orgasms of my life!! It’s been an amazing fringe benefit of using the vibrating stroker—one I never saw “cumming!!!”Note, it is now a few days later and we just had sex.  I gotta tell you that the last sex session that I wrote about in this post really DID prime my wife for an epic orgasm today!  And I again used “Julia” before sexual intercourse with Melody and again it was an epic orgasm for me as well.  It was like the above story all over again.  But please remember, this is not just a story.  It is our sexy reality!