We finally got a night to ourselves.  With a great date and good food, we drank and laughed together like we were stress free for the first time in a long time. That night when we went to bed, I crawled up on top of you and began to kiss you. You always sleep in just your panties, but as I ran my hands across your ass, I noticed that you didn’t even have those on.  Ah!  The night was going to get even better!I gently ran my hands over your body before grabbing your arm. I pulled one of the soft vinyl handcuffs from where it was tucked behind the bed and tied your wrist down. I proceeded to do the same with your other arm, and both legs.  You lay there, willingly helpless and barely able to move as I kissed down your body.I left the room briefly and returned with a bowl and a candle, which I set on the bedside table. After lighting the candle, I gently wrapped my hands around your neck and whispered, “Tonight you’re gonna do whatever I want.” Rarely do I dominate you, but that night I wanted to pleasure you as I saw fit.While you lay there, wide-eyed and expectant, I picked up thelow-melt candle, which had already formed a puddle.  I gently began pouring the warm wax and oil over your naked chest and stomach. Then I set the candle down so I could use both hands to massage the mixture it into your body.  I was careful to stop and gently play with each nipple. They hardened in my hand when they felt my firm, slick touch.My cock was stiffening at the view I had of my beautiful wife and her body glistening in the candlelight. You said you wanted me inside of you, but I told you to be patient. “You will get whatever I want you to have tonight.” Then, I took an ice cube from the bowl and ran it around your nipples to make them harder before enveloping them in my mouth one at a time.Next, I stood beside your head and gently ran my cock over your mouth.  You took me deep in your throat, and I heard you gag a little bit. Every stroke felt like heaven.  But just as you were getting into your rhythm, I pulled out and climbed from the end of the bed to nestle between your spread thighs.  You were already warm and wet with juices, dripping into my mouth. It was all I could do to move my neck up and down.  I licked around your sweet hole, stopping to run my tongue through your pussy lips and over your clit.One hand played with your nipple while with the other, I grabbed your vibrator. I ran it up and down your pussy while I went down on you.  You told me you were so ready to have me inside you, but I said you had to cum for me first.  I ran my hand down your body before sliding my fingers inside of you to find your G-spot, gently rubbing back and forth across it. My other hand held the vibrator over your clit. After a while, you began to cum and squirt for me.As I tossed aside the toy, your body relaxed. I settled again and buried my face in your pussy, slipping my tongue inside your pussy to relish the taste of your pleasure.  Then used my tongue and lips to explore gently around your clit, enjoying the little gasps each flick caused.Getting ready for you, I took some of the massage oil from around your pussy and began to stroke my cock.  With your legs still locked spread-eagle, I crawled on top of you. Grabbing your hips, I thrust my hard, veiny cock inside of you.  Your warm juices coated my shaft and balls. My cock filled you up, and my thrusts came faster and faster.  I felt my orgasm building.Knowing that I was close, I stopped. I held my cock deep inside of you, reaching down between us to play with your clit.  I remained patient, despite the deep urge to release, and eventually, you rewarded me by tightening around my stiff cock and cumming again.Feeling you squirt and shake, my throbbing cock swelled and began to pulse inside of you as it filled your sweet hole.  Your juices burst onto my belly and joined my cum dripping from inside of you.I collapsed onto you and kissed your neck, whispering into your ear how much I love you.