My wife and I have had a time share for many years.  It is a large complex of various properties, most located around a major man-made lake about 3 hours from our home.  We areVERY happy time share owners.  It had been a great place to go for family vacations, and just for some private time away as a married couple.There are larger town homes that suit the family trips, all the way down to two bedroom cabins that are more secluded from the busier roads around the properties. I love the small cabins that are part of the original section of the property.  Most are two bedroom units with wood-burning fireplaces.  These cabins have been renovated many times over the years to keep everything up to date and in good repair.At the time of this story, the cabin we were using had received an update to the shower in the smaller bedroom suite of the unit.Janet and I had arrived to our resort a couple days ahead of our long time married friends, John and Jill.It was customary that when we vacationed together at the resort, our friends always came down a couple days later, probably to give us some of our own private time.They decided to do the same with this trip.Normally we always took the larger master suite and our friends would set up in the secondary bedroom suite.The bathroom in the massive main bedroom suite had a combo spa, tub and shower, with only the old-fashioned shower curtain to keep water in the tub when you showered.Now, Janet and I do enjoy showering together with all the opportunity it affords for watery foreplay!  We had used the large master suite many times, but it was a colder, less intimate experience that the smaller, enclosed shower in the secondary bedroom suite.The newly redone shower was what struck our eyes.  The shower room itself was smaller, more intimate, and therefore warmer—good qualities, whether you make love with your companion actually IN the shower, or race to the bed to consummate the sexual act after enjoying wet, slippery foreplay!Speaking from experience, it’s a bit trickier to ‘finish’ lovemaking in the shower, but the new remodel appeared to have more possibilities.  The shower stall was small, warm, and seemed roomy enough for adequate play.  It also had a new, built in seat made of the same smooth, rectangular tiles used on the walls.  The other item that caught my eye was the fancy three-headed shower unit that had been installed as part of the renovation.There was one large, circular ‘rainforest’ head on the ceiling, pointing straight down.  It would obviously give you a wide circular pattern (like rain coming down in a forest).  Then there were four smaller heads on the wall opposite the seat.  The top two were in a row, a little more than head high, so water could strike on a person’s chest, while the other pair of shower heads was about rib cage height.  The stream from that one could hit a person right at the bottom of the ribs (or lower).The only feature in the new shower I didn’t particularly care for was a vertical safety bar on the back wall.  It was placed within easy reach for a person who might need it to for support while standing, sitting, or getting up from the built-in shower seat.  At least it was small in diameter, with round, smooth curves at each end.It wasn’t too obtrusive, but I anticipated how it might lead to a bumped elbow for two people showering together, especially if the two people were being passionate.Little did I know what a nice accessory it would be for two people using the shower as their sensual playground.The first day we set our things up in the master bedroom with its large, open (but not very exciting) bathtub/shower combo.  Because we wanted to go out for breakfast, I used the older shower while Janet used the smaller one in the secondary suite.  I made sure to finish first so I could hurry in and catch a glimpse of her naked body in that newer shower.  What a treat for my eyes, watching as each sets of jets on the wall sprayed separately, one row spraying her large, curvaceous chest and the other hitting her belly.  My wife knows how much I enjoy watching her take a shower, and the only reason I didn’t join her was because we really didn’t have time to play before setting out for the day.  I was very disappointed in that regard, but sometimes, patience can be rewarded!The next morning, I decided to try the newer shower, and Janet took the older one.  Intrigued by the two wall shower heads, I fiddled with their positions and type of spray. The streams of water went from normal diameter to tinier streams that made more of a tingling sensation on my skin.  That felt good, and each head could be angled to hit just the ‘right places’.  My mind was reeling with the possibilities of how to use those jets to enhance our always-exciting time when we shower together!Janet came in as I finished up—probably to catch her own glimpse of her naked man!My experienced lover smiled and asked, “How do you like the new shower?”“Way better than the older master bath shower and tub combo,” I replied.“I can’t imagine why.” She smirked, her eyes traveling down below my waist.As I toweled off, my male organ bobbed upward, partially erect just from our conversation and me envisioning us wet and naked, together in the nicely revamped shower stall.“Yeah,” I continued.  “I think we should switch over to THIS bedroom—and then WE get to use this shower!  It has a lot more…possibilities!”Janet smiled. “So you want to have our friends take the master suite with the older tub and shower?”“Yes!” I stated.  “This new one is perfect for us.  Our friends are so plain and straitlaced, they probably NEVER take a shower together!  This renovated one would be totally wasted on them!”“You’resooobad.”  Janet smirked.  “They’re our friends, you know!”“Yes,”I said.  “And our friends will get the bigger suite, and think it’s a real treat!  And you KNOW I’m right about who will get the most benefit from this newer shower!”“Yes, you probably are.”  My wife grinned.  “I can’t imagine any other 65-year-old guy being as horny as you!”“I hope not!”  I smiled. “Let’s move our stuff over now, since they’ll be arriving tomorrow!  If we’re already set up in here, then there won’t be any argument about who gets which room!”“Good idea,” Janet admitted.  “That will prevent any discussion about why we wanted this smaller suite!”“Yep!”I grinned.  “I’ll tell them we just felt like being nice and giving them the bigger bathroom!They’ll enjoy it as a gift!”“You’re so devious!”  Janet smiled.“I am!” I added.  “And since they never arrive until noon, we’ll have plenty of time to check out the shower tomorrow morning—together!”My wife smiled. “Of course!”She knew exactly what I meant by “checking out the showertogether”!  We began transferring our belongings to the smaller, more romantic suite.  I ended by organizing my grooming items on my side of the vanity sink.Janet noticed the speed at which I was moving items around, and she joked about how fast I could move when I REALLY had a goal in mind.“You’re already so excited—you act like its our first time!” my lovely wife observed.“You know every time is just as exciting as the first!” I said.  “And this shower—it’s like a new toy to use for our…enjoyment!So, yes—I’m VERY excited!” I confessed.Sweet, innocent Janet was organizing her side of the vanity while contemplating my comments.  Being the experienced wife that she was, she continued, with a tone of recognition of my intentions.  “You probably already have all kinds of wet, kinky things planned for us in that shower—or should I say… forme?”“Mmmm,” I murmured, looking her up and down, with an unmistakable gleam of desire in my eyes. “Definitely… for you.” I finished.“Hmff,” my wife huffed in acknowledgement, smiling. “I thought so…”“You know me so well…” I said, my voice low with arousal.Janet’s agreeing to switch rooms, and all her comments letting me know she was just as excited as I was about using the nicer shower for ourselves—it all had me feeling the heat.  Then she REALLY turned up the heat while primping her hair in the mirror.“So, tomorrow we shower together…  There’s so much to think about…  What’s a poor, innocent girl to do?”  She acted like the innocent young virgin, despite the many times of being chased by her perpetually amorous, older lover.“I guess,” I murmured, “she should just do whatever the suite owner wants…”Then off we went for our day together, enjoying some shopping, lunch and the wonderful views of the area.  Of course, the thoughts and dreams of sexual escapades that we had discussed never left my mind, so at the end of day, I was the epitome of the ravenous man.  I didn’t try to convince my companion to make love at bedtime.  I could tell she was tired, and I certainly wasn’t going to do anything that might create tension and jeopardize tomorrow’s anticipated adventures.  As difficult as it was to get to sleep snuggled up with this beautiful woman, I was able to somehow manage the task.The next morning, I woke up and of course, my libido increased with the encroachment of sunlight into our cabin.  Janet was barely starting to stir when I spooned with her and wrapped my right arm around her torso and slid my hand up to the edge of her chest.  I kissed her lightly through her long, blonde hair.Sensing no resistance, I snaked my hand under her night shirt and between her massive melons.After resting my hand quietly for a bit, I let my fingers caress and enjoy the soft flesh of her cleavage, making sure to not make direct contact with either nipple.  I wanted to save it all for the shower, because I wanted to make some serious love in the dancing water streams!My wife sighed in an awakening murmur. “Did you even sleep at all last night?” she teased, trying to sound annoyed at my early morning enthusiasm, but I knew her true feelings were the same as mine.“Barely,” I whispered against her shoulder.  “You know how excited I get when I know there are good things to come…”  That comment was punctuated my my rigid cock resting against her butt.“Mmmm,” my companion murmured, opening her eyes a bit more. She said, “Well,  good things have to wait until we shower, and I need my hot tea… to wake up…”“No problem,” I said.  “I’ll work on that for you.”  So I made coffee for me, hot tea for her, and some buttered toast.We enjoyed some quiet time and glanced at the local news until our light breakfast was finished.  Then we moved back to the bedroom to gather our clothes to wear for the day.  I shaved, and we were brushing our teeth when our friends texted on their progress.The text said they might arrive a bit early—11 AM instead of noon.We looked at the clock—it was about 9:15!  “Well,” I said with a smile, “I guess we’d better take our shower!”“Will we have time?” she asked.  Janet did not want to be rushed during our playtime, but neither did she want to be interrupted ‘in the act’ by our friends.  For her, it would seem embarrassing to have to explain a long delay getting to the door when they arrived, and/or still be getting dressed, and have to explain what we were doing that we couldn’t get to the door in a timely fashion.“We’ll have plenty of time—as long as you let me have my way!”  I grinned, then offered an alternative.  “Seriously, if it’s too much of a rush, we can skip the shower fun this morning… and do something later tonight.”“Oh, no!” Janet said.  “We’ll do it NOW!  If we don’t, you’re already so horny, you won’t be able to keep your hands off me all day!”“Sure I would,” I stated, trying to sound convincing.Then my companion replied, “Also, if we wait until tonight, you’ll be after me like crazy, and we’ll have to be extra careful and quiet so John and Jill won’t hear us horsing around!”“Yeah,” I smirked, playfully grabbing and pinching her rear.  “Better to do it now, when you can make all the noise you want!”It’s true—my girl is sometimes quite loud.Janet acknowledged my comment with a little “Hmmff!”With a knowing smile, she escaped my clutches and slid into the stall.  “Then you’d better get in here, before it gets too late!”I quickly joined her in the shower.My lover had the faucet control turned so that the overhead ‘rainforest’ jet had most of the power.  Obviously, she wanted to wash our hair first, then go to our bodies.  So that’s what we did, enjoying the view of each other as we soaped our hair, scrubbed and rinsed the shampoo.  Seeing her hands raised above her head, her large breasts slick with soapy water—what a view!As I finished with my hair, Janet adjusted the controls so that the overhead one was turned off, and the water only came out the four jets on the wall.  My wife proceeded to use a washcloth to soap up my body everywhere below my neck.  Of course, there were no protests from me as she worked her magic hands and fingers all over, finding every square inch of my male flesh and cleansing me thoroughly.  Janet seemed particularly concerned with making sure my throbbing erection was stretched out and washed and rinsed to the max.Using the smooth, vertical safety bar for support, she easily knelt down.  Once positioned in front of me, my wife spent a generous amount of time, soap, and attention on my heavy, hanging scrotum, teasing and tickling every fold with her talented fingertips.  Her teasing was so intense, I found myself reflexively holding that safety bar as my body wanted to swoon from her expert playing.  She knew I was all clean by the helpless groans of delight she created with her sensual care.My head was spinning with excitement from her actions as I backed away from her and growled, “Stand up, please…”My wife obeyed my request, pulling up easily to a full upright posture.  I was beginning to appreciate the safety bar!  I took a washcloth and my hands and began performing the same thorough ritual washing of her beautiful female form.  No curves were left untouched as I explored every fold, every crease, every BIT of her standing before me.  I then paused, with her entire body below the neck thoroughly soaped up for my next delightful plan.Janet asked, “Aren’t you going to rinse me off?”“Yes,” I half whispered. “But I told you yesterday I have plans for your sexy body!”Some people may think that I was just being possessive to say things like this, but when we are making love, we both realize it is quite the privilege for each of us to have the other’s physical form as a personal playground!  But lovemaking is also a mental game, so when I confess or profess to have plans for my wife’s beautiful body, she knows it is with the greatest love and respect, and the desire to bring HER the utmost pleasure!Whether that pleasure is derived from possessing her body and mind, or allowing her full access to me, it serves as a trigger that we each have given up control to the other, and that signifies our own bodies (or minds) no longer belong to us, but to the OTHER person in our wonderful, loving relationship!I came up with my deliciously sensual ideas yesterday, while showeringalone in the stall.  I had already determined exactly how to set the power of the water for the best effect. Specifically, that effect was when the streams of water were at the proper force so the spray created a perfect, light tingling sensation on our skin.I reached over to the single knob and adjusted the force of the water erupting from the two shower heads.  The shower did not have a handheld sprayer, but once I made the adjustments to the force and angle of the heads, two stimulating sprays of water were hitting Janet’s ample chest, from her collarbones to below those torpedoes of milky white flesh.  The second spray hit her from just above her bellybutton to the first few inches of her thighs, and every bit of private female flesh in between.Although I could have used my hands to periodically adjust the force and direction of those streams, instead I only needed a hand on my girl’s hip to guide her to the perfect distance from the VERY stimulating streams of water hitting her body.  Janet realized quickly the inner workings of my sensual plan, and she simply stood before me, her arms down, allowing me to be in charge of her shower of delights.  I stood in front and just to her side, appreciating the view of her slick body as the liquid played over her curves.As the water bathed her chest, I slid one hand up to fondle each slippery globe.  I leaned in and added to the wetness by kissing each breast, my tongue deftly tasting and teasing, and my lips lightly sucking each tip.  Once I heard her sweet moans of surrender, I leaned my face away and enjoyed the sight of the results of my labor—her nipples were now very erect!With my left hand on her lower back and hip, I used my right in the crease of her under-boob to lift each breast in turn.  This raised each globe of flesh and fully exposed those pink tips to the ravishing streams of water.  More little sounds came from my innocent girl as I let the water work its magic, striking each very distended nipple.In a low, growly voice, I gurgled,“So now who’s the horny one?”Sometimes my teasing reference to her earlier comments about me being ravenous would have made her playfully resist and verbally return my little reminder—but not today!“I am…”My wet wife gurgled back.With an entire day of mental foreplay, and the relentless onslaught of stimulating water play this morning, Janet had no interest in anything but succumbing to my teasing ways!“Mmm hmm…”I murmured, punctuating my voice with a light squeeze on each of her lengthening wet nipples!The sudden gasp from my horny wife was all the inspiration I needed!My sweet lover was alternating standing with her eyes closed, and then glancing down to see me licking and lapping at each turgid nipple, on my knees like the pleasure servant that I was for the time being. Janet was mesmerized, just standing there, allowing me to lavish her with oral delights as the water ran from her breasts and nipples into myopen, craving mouth!I had to turn and let the water run out of my mouth to continue my breast and nipple play.Then I would continue and do it again!It was worth every second when my wife saw my actions and moaned at the sight of me doing my best to keep her satisfied while having to avoid ‘drowning’ from the water coming from her breasts!“I can’t get enough of you,”I murmured, continuing my oral ministrations on her chest.All Janet could do was moan some more, until I decided to change positions.I stood up and nudged her just a partial step toward the shower heads.  Slipping behind her, I pressed into her, my erection bumping against her rump and into the cleft of her buttocks.  Reading my mind, my compliant girl raised her arms away from her sides, pressing one hand to the shower wall while the other was against the shower door.  Janet was very willing to give me all the room desired for my next kinky, wet ploy.I reached around her torso and fondled and hefted each large breast, raising both at the same time like an offering to the wall of liquid.  Holding those wet globes up, I could steer them to the proper angle and direction for the spray to do its lascivious work!  The perfect streams of water met her perfect breasts, and more importantly, her perfect, very sensitized nipples! Those streams tantalized her swollen tips wonderfully.“Oh my,” Janet moaned.She knew there was nothing to do but stand and let me control her body under the stimulating water streams!“Like it?” I asked softly.I heard the poor thing whimper in pleasure from the continual onslaught of my delicious ideas.“Ooohh, guuh,” she answered.  “It tingles soo much!”But I wasn’t finished yet!  “Too much?” I asked.“Noo-ooo,” she gurgled.“Good,” I murmured,  “because I want to play with your nipples…”I punctuated that comment with some tender nuzzles on her sensual neck, which brought another whimper of delight from my beautiful lover!As Janet moaned in delight, I felt her trembling.  Sensing her ‘weakness’, I used my thumbs and fingertips to tease, tweak and tug on those erect, distended tips.  Adding the direct touch along with the already effective water jets was almost too much for the my sweet, innocent girl.  She LOVES my nipple play, and the combination of my fingers AND titillating water—I thought it might just do her in!  I felt her body slump a little bit more as she leaned back against me for support.  She held the support bar on the wall, and her other hand clutched the top of the glass shower enclosure!Remember, the lower shower jet was also striking my beautiful partner’s southern parts, and no telling what delicious sensations she was experiencing from down there!  Despite the trembles and noises of delight, my wife remained upright—extremely excited, but upright.  And I still had yet to play with that sexy body below her waist!I transitioned to the new territory by allowing her a brief respite as my hands left her chest.I leaned near her ear and whispered, “We may have to remodel our shower back home!”Along with the physical sensations she was enjoying, I am sure the mere suggestion of having this wonderfully arousing shower available every day added to my poor wife’s sensual overload.Janet was quiet—breathing heavily, but quiet.  I couldn’t let her off the hook with silence, so I added a question designed to make her talk.  I didn’t care about her words, I just enjoy hearing her voice quavering as she attempts to speak coherently with her mind and body in the flames of extreme desire!“What do you think?” I asked innocently, as if we were discussing paint colors for a wall.  And I began sliding my hands down her torso and belly, toward the obvious next destination on the trail of watery pleasure.“Oh…Uhhh. Yeah! Whatever…” My wife gurgled, her body and mind half molten.Her inability to form a complete sentence during my intentional, overwhelming ministrations is just the compliment I love to hear!  I massaged downward, exploring her belly, sides and hips before caressing the outer edges of her slippery vulva.  She groaned nicely, and I kept working on her with my fingers.  Now that I had her all teased up, I added more fuel to her fire!“I really like the lower ones…”  As I said that, I used my fingertips to gently press and stretch her outer labia apart, and indirectly open the folds of her private slit.  Now her tender, pink inner flesh was totally exposed to the relentless beating of the mini streams of water.  The idea of a jet of water meant just for her vulva added to my girl’s pleasurable mental havoc, as she simply groaned in response to my comment.With my hands wrapped around her and pressing back against her vulva, and my pelvis pushing against her rear, I could move her hips forward or back to give her the best sensations from the shower.  Each drop that came from the wall jets hit her sensitive private flesh with just the right speed and angle.  It had to be like a wet, watery vibrating sensation against her inner folds, and especially her exposed clit.  I found I could wave a couple fingers in front of the most sensitive ‘target area’ and keep the stimulation from becoming too much. My wife complied wonderfully, allowing me to hold her up against the water and tease her body with all my lusty male enthusiasm!“Thank you, baby,” I said in a sincerely appreciative voice, “For being all mine…”She was mine, I was hers, and our possession of each other was only getting started.To be continued and concluded in Part 2.