(L) – This story contains strong language.Here’s my birthday wish:I will make a reservation at that new restaurant in town—the one that’s getting all the buzz, but where we think we’re probably not young and cool enough to fit in.We’ll dress up. I’ll wear a suit (no tie); you’ll wear something that will turn heads. Maybe that short dress with the 1960’s pattern on it. Some pantyhose, too, and heels (or boots). A funky necklace. And of course something sexy underneath.(If you’ve got a different idea for an outfit, that’s fine. Just make sure it’s more “slutty/sexy” than “elegant evening.” I want people to see you and think, “I bet that woman really knows how to fuck.”)We’ll have a few drinks—not so many that you’ll be too tired later on—and will enjoy our meal and conversation, everything heightened by the fact that we both know where this evening is going to end up.Back at home, we’ll head immediately to the bedroom—no checking texts, no cleaning the kitchen, no seeing how the basketball game ended or if the cat has enough food—just straight upstairs.I’ll sit on the edge of the bed.You’ll stand in front of the full-length mirror on the side wall.You’ll start to strip, but not for me. No, tonight you’re putting on a show for yourself. I’m just a bystander—for now.You’ll lift the hem of your dress so it reveals the tops of your black pantyhose. Your hand will caress your bare tummy, then reach back to cup your ass.Subtly, almost unconsciously, your hips will start to sway as you catch your reflection in the mirror.You’ll run your hands up and down your legs, enjoying the electric charge of fingertips on fabric.Grabbing the dress by the hem with both hands, you’ll lift it up and over your head, tossing it in a loose pile by your feet. You’ll shake your hair out, smiling sexily at your reflection.Now you’ll start to pay closer attention to your tits, highlighted by a black lace demi-bra. You’ll caress the material, tracing your fingers against the edge of the fabric where it borders the skin, pushing each breast upwards and out. You’ll lean forward, admiring how your tits look from that angle, then you’ll turn to the side to check your profile—sticking your chest out further.A quick reach around your back and the bra will come partially unclasped, falling partway down your torso, but not all the way to the floor. This will strike me as exceedingly sexy.You’ll push your bare tits together, eyeing the hard pink nipples at the tip of each pale, soft, perky breast. You’ll cup each tit in your hand, rolling the nipple between thumb and forefinger. First one nipple, then the other, then both together, your two hands working them, pinching them, pulling them, until your breath starts to get heavy.“Pull down your pantyhose,” I’ll tell you, jolting you out of the moment. “But not all the way. Just down to your thighs.”You’ll look at me, a slight expression of surprise on your face—did you forget I was here?—and do as instructed. Pantyhose will get pushed thighward, leaving your ass clad in black silk panties. You’ll stand straight, hands by your sides, chest bare and body draped in various articles of underwear.You’ll have to admit to yourself, you are fucking sexy. And you’ll still have your necklace on—which feels kind of kinky to you.“Now turn away from the mirror. Face the far wall.”“Spread your legs. Farther. Good girl.”“Pull those panties down and bend all the way over. Grab your ankles.”With a determined grunt you’ll hook the elastic waistband with your thumbs and simultaneously pull them down while bending fully at the waist. You’ll grab the backs of your calves, face pointed toward the mirror, staring at your reflection between your spread legs, upside down.Your bare ass will be on full display. With your legs spread, your pussy will be prominent too, the pink lips clearly visible through your auburn bush.“Look at yourself,” I’ll tell you. “See how sexy you are.”Your pussy will be looking moist and your asshole will start to pucker slightly, nervously, under your gaze.This is what he sees. This is what he wants.Then I’ll stand and take off my suit jacket, hanging it neatly in the closet while you stay in your position, breathing heavily.I’ll return to my place at the edge of the bed.“Now come suck my cock.”You’ll shuffle toward me, your legs constrained a bit by the pantyhose that are still hugging your thighs.You’ll be all pale skin and black silk, pieces of fabric clinging to you in disarray.You’ll kneel in front of me, but I’ll shake my head.“Don’t kneel. Squat.”Rising up on your haunches, you’ll lean forward, caressing the stiff bulge of my suit trousers.You’ll reach for my belt buckle, steadying yourself, knees wide, hips flared, grasping the metal clasp and undoing it with a soft clink. If I look down I’ll see your creamy thighs and a shock of red pubic hair, with your glistening pussy at the center of everything.Your fingers will stroke the outline of my cock through the fabric as you trace it up toward my zipper. You’ll pause there, teasing me for a moment. Then you’ll unzip my pants.With my boxer briefs keeping my stiff cock contained, you’ll let out a little grunt of frustration—you want the reveal. You’ll reach into the opening to help free it and it’ll spring into your waiting hand, smooth and stiff, trembling with anticipation.You’ll lean forward, rocking slightly on your heels but keeping your balance, and lick the tip, using your tongue to spread my pre-cum around its smooth head while your fingers stroke the soft underside of my shaft.Your other hand will dig deeper into my boxers to fondle my balls. I’ll lift my hips so you can get better access.“Yeah, like that,” I’ll say.You’ll push your head forward to take more of me into your willing mouth. Your tongue will play across my shaft while your lips make a warm, soft embrace.As you take in more of me, your free hand will drop to your pussy and start rubbing your clit.“Mm hm, like that. Rub yourself while you’re sucking me off. You’re such a sexy fucking slut.”That’ll turn something on inside you and you’ll take my cock even deeper, squeezing my balls with one hand and fingering yourself passionately with the other.“Are you trying to take me all?”I’ll start to rise, slowly, guiding you with me, steadying you as you take your lips from my mouth for a moment to catch your breath. You’ll get on your knees for more stability.Then you’ll look up at me. “I want you to fuck my face.”I’ll wrap a fistful of your curly red hair in one hand as you open your mouth and prepare to take all of me. You’ll feel the head of my cock pressing against the back of your throat. You’ll relax to let it all in.With one hand in your hair and the other at the back of your head, I’ll start pumping more intensely—pushing my cock in and out, your wet mouth a smooth and horny receptacle.Both your hands will now be free to concentrate solely on your pussy. You’ll trill your little clit till your legs start to tremble. Your other hand will stretch your pussy lips wide as you shove two, three, then four fingers into your desperate cunt—trying to match your hand motions to the timing of my thrusts. Your slick juices will be trickling down your wrist and pooling in thick droplets onto your pantyhose and the crotch of the panties tangled around your ankles.The only sounds will be the juicy sloshing of your hand fucking your wet pussy, my increasingly intense grunts and the deep breaths you take through your nose as you suck my cock to the hilt.Your eyes will be watering as you see me looking down at you. You are so close. You just need the word to release.“You’re about to make me come,” I’ll tell you. “Come with me.” And with that, you’ll reach up to grab my ass, two firm fistfuls as you pull me further into you, pushing your mouth to the base of my cock and tightening your throat around me as I come into you.Your stomach muscles will tighten and quiver and both knees will buckle and I will have to hold you by your underarms to keep you upright.After a moment, you’ll release me from your mouth, lick the leftover cum off me, and collapse on the floor.And I’ll join you in a grateful embrace.