My wife Lily and I had been over at our best friend’s house, another young couple from church. Kate and Will had joined right when we had, and we had become good friends. We talked about almost everything, except our sex lives. That was only hinted at. But Lily told me she and Kate had on occasion shared tips that us husbands would enjoy.The night was drawing to a close, and we got ready to leave. Kate started laughing and motioned for Lily to come with her. They both retreated upstairs, returning a few minutes later. I wasn’t sure what was up. Lily’s blush and Kate’s wink made me suspect I would find out soon enough.The next day was Saturday, and we had planned for a lazy day in the house. Lily woke up before me, and I only started to get out of bed after hearing her moving around downstairs, starting the morning. I showered, and couldn’t help but think about her body. We hadn’t had a slow weekend in what felt like forever. I made my way to the kitchen, where a beautiful view awaited me. Lily was standing there, leaning against the island. She was hardly dressed, in a pair of tiny jean shorts and a loose top that barely covered her tight little breasts.I hadn’t expected it, and I felt myself getting hard immediately. They were so short most of her ass was out, and hardly any fabric between the legs. I could see what looked like lace showing at the edges, a light pink that contrasted well with her tan skin. She rarely wore lingerie at all, in fact it had been a year or more. Her shirt was thin and her nipples stood out against it. Her athletic body was purposefully positioned to give me a view, and her legs were tense and she arched her back ever so slightly. I could already picture her bent over, taking me deep inside with each thrust.“Good morning slowpoke, I almost had to take care of myself instead of waiting for you!” Lily was a sassy one, and I loved it. “I didn’t think you’d want to miss out, but I can’t stand here all morning!” She blew me a kiss, and slid a hand under her shirt. Cupping her right breast, I could see her pinch her nipple slightly. She was usually reserved about touching herself in front of me, but she knew it drove me wild.“If I had known, you never would’ve gotten out of bed without a taste of me!” I knew then that there was only one thing on our minds, and I could feel my cock pushing against my boxers. She could see it too, her gaze moving down my chest. The throbbing grew as I moved towards her, taking her in a tight embrace while turning her towards the island.“Well, now look who’s energized!” She barely finished the words as I cupped both breasts and pushed myself against her. A slight gasp and a hand reaching for my now solid cock told me she maybehadstarted things on her own…Still grinding into her barely covered ass, I moved on from her tits and pulled her top off. She was turning her head, kissing me between soft “oohs” as she felt my cock throb against her touch. I turned her to face me, her tongue working in my mouth, soft lips pressing against mine. She had always known how to kiss me well. Her hands were working up and down my cock, as I caressed her back and ran fingers through her hair.“Where do you want me first?” She knew she would be taking me in her mouth and her pussy, cum included. She hadn’t always been excited about my finishing between her lips, but I suspected Kate had convinced her to try. There was usually something new after those two had spent time together! Now she swallowed without hesitation, with me regularly returning the favor between her thighs.She didn’t say anything, but took my hand and moved me to the living room. Playfully pushing me down on the couch, she pulled my boxers down and knelt between my legs. Her lips were on my cock, one hand cupping my balls, the other tightly holding my hand. With my other, I gently took a hold of her hair, tied back in a messy bun. She moved up and down my shaft, working the tip with her tongue as my breathing quickened. She had used her hands well, and I could feel an orgasm approaching fast.“There’s going to be plenty for you!” I managed to gasp out, and she pulled off me to laugh.“Maybe we can share this time, see if you like a mouthful.” This was a new development, and it put me over the edge.Pulling her back on to my cock, I trembled as I shot my cum into her slightly open mouth. I moaned in pleasure as I watched her take me. She locked eyes, and I could tell she would be smiling if I hadn’t been filling her mouth. Before I could admire the semen dripping from her lower lip, she mounted me, kissing me deeply. Her tongue pressed between my lips, and we shared a full mouthful of my cum.Still hard, I reached between her legs, trying to work past her tight little shorts. She was nearly dripping, and I could feel her wetness on each leg. A finger slipped in, and she gasped as I moved it back and forth inside her. Pulling back, we had cum in both our mouths. I nearly came again as she wiped her lips clean, licked her finger and swallowed. Lily looked at me mirthfully, her mouth open to show she had nothing left. “Now you have to swallow, imagine what I take every time!” She was teasing me, but swallow I did. Another deep kiss, before pushing her back down on the couch.I needed a moment before I could perform again, and my generous wife couldn’t be left without her own orgasms.“Now let’s get you out of these shorts, and whatever’s under them!” Lily smirked, and undid the top button.“You do the rest, but keep the lace on.” This was interesting, but the thought of pushing it aside just to enter her was enticing.In the meantime, she had a clit to pleasure. Lying aside her, we kissed as I worked my hand inside her lacey thong. It wasn’t enough to completely hide her, but covered just enough to intrigue. I could tell she was ready for me, and no lube was needed today! My middle finger found her clit, rubbing first lightly in circles, slowly getting faster. Her chest rose and fell with heavy breathing. Occasionally I slipped in a few fingers, my thumb applying pressure on her throbbing and visible clit.Her breaths were turning to moans, and as I increased the intensity Lily would let out a few small screams. I loved how loud she could get. Loud enough that it did land us in a few awkward spots in the past!“Oh yes, don’t stop that don’t stop!” Lily managed to get some words in indicating how close she was.I didn’t change my pressure. I did have to wrap my leg around hers as she bucked under the throes of an orgasm. My hand felt her juices flow, and I felt myself ready to perform again. Rolling her onto her stomach, she looked back and grinned at me, face flushed red.There was only a thin layer of lace keeping my cock from her insides. She was on her knees, legs spread, asking “You like this?”She arched her back, pushing her ass towards me. The addition of the thong did add something. We were usually fully naked and this was new and somehow felt more risqué.“You ready to take me again?” I was throbbing, eagerly anticipating filling her with my cum for the second time.“Give it to me, give it to me hard this time.” She almost sounded desperate, and I didn’t need to be told twice.Pulling aside the lace, I didn’t hesitate. Thrusting in as deep as I could, she let out a cry and grabbed on to the couch. Pulling back, I hammered myself into her again, grabbing her hips to gain leverage.“How’s my cock, you still want me hard? I’m not done yet!”Lily moaned, and I could see her nodding yes. My next thrust pushed her forward, her face in the couch now. Her screams  of pleasure were muffled, but she pushed her tight ass back against me each time. Holding her hips, I continued in steady rhythm, sending my cock as deep into my wife as I could.  My eyes enjoyed her ass and tight legs, the thong now soaked with her juices, and soon enough my cum.“Take me Lily, take my cock.” I said, as I pushed in for the last time. My penis pushed out another load of cum into Lily’s tender pussy, and I moaned. There was plenty again, and as I pulled out, I pulled her back into me in an embrace. She was flushed red! Our heavy breathing was followed by my compliments on how she handled my cock. Lily smiled, reaching down to feel my cock slowly soften. I put a finger inside her, feeling my hot cum mix with her pussy’s wetness.After a long hug and catching our breath, we went to clean up and put on at least some clothes. Lily stripped her now soaked thong off, which prompted me to suggest she wear it more often.“Maybe so, but I have to return it to Kate. If you’re lucky, she’ll have another one for you to ruin.”Lily laughed. “Looks like I should do laundry before I return it, but maybe not…”Lily winked and headed back upstairs. “Thank her next time you see her, sleepyhead!”