It was time for our Christmas dinner at church, and although I wasn’t particularly excited about it, I pulled into the parking lot. At least it was Friday night. My wife was already there helping with the preparations. I was a little early, having driven straight from work, but it made no sense to go home first. With a deep sigh, I exited my car and made my way to the fellowship hall. Barely anyone was there except the other ladies setting things up.I made it up the steps and could see my wife through the glass door. She knelt on the floor, her dainty hands gathering paper plates fallen from someone’s grasp. She looked up as I stepped through the door and smiled. With a quick look around, and seeing the coast was clear, she rose from her knees to a squat, turned toward me, and opened her legs. My eyes were drawn up her creamy thighs, and for the briefest of moments, I was treated to the sight of her minty-green-covered pussy.She quickly and gracefully rose as though nothing happened, walked over to me, and after a churchly hug, winked and flitted away to complete her task. My cock approved of the display, so I pretended to be really interested in a stained glass window. But she wasn’t done. A couple of the other husbands had shown up by now, and I was lightly engaged in conversation with several. I felt an arm slip through mine. Turning, I looked down at my wife, who, with a mischievous grin, pulled my ear to her lips and said, “Open your hand.”I did and felt her place damp material into my palm. My cock knew instantly it was minty green panties. I quickly found the men’s room and locked the door. Her aroma was thick, and as I took a quick taste, my cock drooled with approval. I gathered myself, arranged things a little, and made my way to our table. She was already there. The perfect picture of a demure, sweet housewife chatting with her lady friend as though she weren’t sitting there with no panties and a wet pussy.I took my seat beside her, and she scooted her chair closer and placed her hand on my leg. She then crossed her legs in my direction, slipped off a shoe, and slid her toes up my pants to idly rub my calf. Vixen. As I sat, trying not to blow my load, the pastor began his devotion. The apostle Paul could have been preaching and I wouldn’t have perceived anything other than the residual scent of her pussy on my hand, her toes on my calf, and that dainty hand rubbing ever so close to my cock.Soon, it was time for the food, but before she could slip away to serve, I whispered my promise to claim that bare, wet pussy very soon.She said, “I’m counting on it,” blew me a kiss, and walked away.I’m claiming those lips, too,I thought.I knew I would have to be careful, but I slipped, unnoticed, into her Sunday school room. I texted her my location and locked the door when she came in. The kiss was hot, but I wanted more. I placed my hands on her shoulders and, with the slightest pressure, guided her to her knees. This was hot: my wife on her knees in her own Sunday school room with the noise of people not twenty feet away.My pants hit the floor, and her mouth slipped down my cock. One hand was on my thigh, and the other wrapped around my dick as she slowly bobbed her head. It felt exquisite, but we didn’t have much time. I guided her to her feet and placed her hands on her desk.She looked over her shoulder and said, “Baby,” watching as I lifted her skirt to uncover her naked ass. I spread her feet a little and gently pushed down on her back until her tits were on the desk. She was still trying to look back as I slid my cock into her very wet pussy.A moan slipped out and she covered her mouth with her hand. I placed both hands on her hips and started thrusting. She moved her free hand back to her ass, and I locked my fingers with hers as we fucked. This was one of the most erotic experiences we have ever shared.We were both really worked up, and I felt her orgasm building with mine. She gave in first and pushed her hips back hard into me. I let go, too, and fill her delicious pussy with bursts of cum. I wish I had taken a picture of it.Our breathing slowed, and we gathered our wits. I helped her up, and we kissed again, murmuring our love for each other. It had only been ten minutes or so, but we had to get back.She grinned sheepishly and said, “I need my panties back.”Handing her the still-damp material, I smiled back.“I love you,” she said as she slipped out of her room. After a few minutes, I slipped out in the other direction. My phone dinged, and a picture of her blowing me another kiss was on my screen.I’m not finished with those lips.