My husband, Michael, has spent all week long preparing to present his doctoral dissertation. It’s been over three days without spending time with him, and more specifically, without sex. The struggle was real; before this, we’d gone no more than a day without sex since we were married not many months ago. I felt a little bereft and thought some retail therapy was in order, so I spent the afternoon out shopping.As I got ready to leave the mall, I walked past a new French lingerie boutique. All their offerings were beautiful, but a satin, strapless bra with matching garter, panties, and stockings called to me. As I entered the changing room, Michael texted me, asking what I was doing. I grinned because he knew. His phone had to have been going off steadily, showing all the charges I’d made.I pulled down the front of my dress to bare my ample cleavage, made a pouty face, took a sexy selfie, and sent it to him.“I’m just buying a few things, sweetie,” I texted. Then I got an idea. I quickly undressed and put on the lingerie. It made me look and feel so sexy. With my phone balanced on the dressing room seat, I took a video while spinning and pouting, displaying all I could.“Do you like this, baby?” I typed and hit send.“WOW!” he replied.I hit record again and started gyrating around, pulling the bra cups away from my breasts to flash him my tits and hard nipples. I was getting so turned on as I sent that to him as well.“Show me more, you naughty girl!” he sent, egging me on.For the next clip, I turned around and bent over, tucking the French-cut panties up into my ass crack. Another seductive wiggle, and they slid between my pussy lips, pushing them to either side. I sent that.“Damn, baby, I want you now,” he responded.Hitting record again, I pulled the panties down and gasped. My wet pussy had drenched the panties, so I definitely would be buying them now. My fingers caressed up and down my slit, and then I slid one easily inside! I moaned and hit send again. Fingering myself faster now, I reached for my phone to hit record again, but I got a text from Michael.“Ahhh, baby, you need to check out and call me when you get to the car.”While I followed his instructions and headed to the parking garage, Michael sent me a photo of his hard cock in his hand, a string of precum stretched between its tip and a finger hovering above it. When I’d stashed my purchases in the trunk, I called him up and thanked him for the pic.Now what do we do, baby?” I asked him.“That’s a good question. First, how about WE finish what YOU started!”My phone lit up, and I saw he’d sent me a clip of him slowly jacking his beautiful cock. My heart pounded as I quickly laid the car seat back, scrunched my dress above my waist, and slid my hand into my panties to the moistness between my thighs. A finger slid between slick lips to begin its titillating work anew.“Oh, honey, that cock looks like it’s aching to be where my fingers are right now,” I moaned.“Well, since it can’t, I guess I’ll have to handle things on my end, just like you.” I could hear the wet sounds of his fist pumping his well-lubricated cock. “Tell me how it feels.”“Oh, it’s so slippery. You wouldn’t believe how wet it got me to send you those videos.” I couldn’t help how breathy my voice sounded as my fingertip circled my clit. “I bet they turned me on as much as they did you.”“I’m not sure that’s possible,” my husband said with a chuckle. “The thought of you doing those things to yourself in the dressing room… ughnnn. Made me crazy.”“I feel so empty without you here,” I told him. Then I slipped my foot out of its shoe and pulled it up to the edge of my seat. Now I could reach to my slit and slide two fingers inside. “Ah, much better,” I sighed.“Is there any way I can watch?”I could hear the urgency in his voice and suspected he’d been at this since the first picture. “You’re about to pop, aren’t you?” I asked in surprise, but I initiated a video call anyway. “Try to wait for me,” I said. Then I propped my phone against my purse, which I pushed against the passenger door. Michael was able to watch me from a side view. “Drop your screen a foot or so,” I said. “I wanna watch the eruption.”The angle of Michael’s camera changed, and now I could see how purple the head of his cock had become. “Baby, I want to watch you cum, but I’m so close, and it’s been so long…”“Oh, sweetie, it feels so good. Just doing it here… I might not need much longer.” I stopped talking for a moment to pant. “Just go slow for a few more minutes. Tell me something kinky.”“All I could think as you sent me those texts was, ‘What if someone knew what she was doing? What if her Insta was on live stream and she didn’t know?’ The thought of thousands of people seeing and sharing that… well, you’d probably have a thousand followers in minutes. It made me wild.”“With jealousy?” I asked, a thrill shooting through me at the thought. “Or something else?”“It was pretty innocent stuff until your fingers went in your snatch,” Michael said. So no, not jealousy. Pride, maybe?”I was glad to see his hand slowed down as he thought about it. Mine went a little faster, focusing on my clit but taking a dive now and again to stroke just inside my vagina. I was getting closer. “You’re proud of me?” I asked, trying to keep him talking.“Look at you! Of course I am. You are so hot! How many other wives would be jilling off in a public parking garage for their husband?” Then his voice dropped a quarter octave. “I want you to cum for me.”When he used that tone, it triggered a spasm in my pussy. I arched my back and tilted my head back, panting. “Say it again,” I begged.“Cum, baby,” he commanded darkly. “I want to see you cum.”“Ohhhhhh,” I crescendoed, then held my breath, frigging hard and fast, until finally, the pulsing pleasure washed through me. “Aaaahhhh! Aaahhhh! Uhhhhhnnnngggg!”“Yes! Uhh, uuhhh, uuhh…” I turned my head just in time to watch a fountain spurt from his cock and hit the screen. I’m sure it wasn’t the only one, but I couldn’t make out anything until moments later when he muttered a mild expletive and grabbed some tissue to rescue his phone. But there was a big, relieved grin on each of our faces when we could see each other again.“Whew, I think we both needed that,” I said, and he nodded knowingly.“As important as it is, this dissertation has gotten in the way of a lot of other vital things,” he admitted. “But I’ll present it tomorrow, and then we will celebrate together.”“I can hardly wait,” I told him. “And now you will at least be a little more relaxed while you practice your presentation. I hope you’ll come home early and get a good night’s rest.”“With you in my arms,” he promised, and we said our goodbyes.