I had my life pictured so differently.It was a motley gathering in the gym of an Alma Mater shared by us all. We were assembled together to celebrate the life of a local hero who had given his life saving another. He would be forever remembered, honored, and missed. I stood among people I had known most of my life. I smiled, nodded, and exchanged pleasantries with more than a few old friends.People naturally congregate into their own age groups at these things, but I’ve always respected the generations ahead of me. So I headed toward a group of my elders. I stumbled upon an older couple that had been a fixture in my life from a young age. As he talked, I reminisced over how he had tried to influence my life. I wished I had done a better job of listening. His wife was warm and kind, and they took turns talking. I noted the loving interaction between husband and wife. There was a touch here, a smile there, and a look that conveyed some secret only they shared. I was moved with both admiration and longing.We said our goodbyes, and as I moved past the younger couples, I was hit with a wave of melancholy. Their eyes held hopes, dreams, and a drive that looked toward a bright future. I thought of us at that age and remembered having those same hopes and dreams. Dropping my head, I prayed silently for theirs to come true.I had my life pictured so differently.Moving on, my eyes fell to a woman I had loosely known for more than 30 years. She had always been a bit of an enigma. Our families had been friends, but our personal paths had rarely crossed. Her brown eyes pierced mine with a look I couldn’t discern. It wouldn’t have been odd, except that in all our encounters, she always given me the exact same look. I never knew if it was anger or empathy, like or dislike. Then a new thought came to mind and made me shudder. What if she had always seen through me?Maybe it was empathy.I found my place as the service began. It was thoughtful, appropriate, and tearful at times as one after another shared some memory. I left, both glad to have known him, and sorry that he was gone. When I arrived home, she was waiting. There was another argument; so close, it could have been a carbon copy of the last one. I got into bed later than usual; physically and mentally exhausted, I prayed for sleep to come quickly.I arose groggy and tired. The coffee helped, but only slightly. I didn’t have much time when I stepped into the shower, but my cock looked up at me with need. I stroked him a couple of times and reveled in the sensations, but I couldn’t be late for work. He was still hard when I zipped my pants and walked out the door.The drive was dark, rainy, and didn’t help my mood at all. The radio offered worship music, but it didn’t soothe me. I was overwhelmed with an all too familiar sickness, and there was nothing I could do about it.Work was a bear. I walked into a pile, and it didn’t get any better. My boss gave me a sympathetic look towards the end of the day. I knew tomorrow wouldn’t be any different.The station sent more waves of praise on the drive home. The wipers noisily cleared away the relentless droplets. “God Only Knows” came through the speakers, and I cried.I had my life pictured so differently.I parked, and as always, I hesitated at the front door. With a deep sigh, I twisted the knob and was overwhelmed by the scent of frying meat. It was still too soon to tell. I cleared the obstacles to the kitchen and my ears were greeted with singing. Maybe. She smiled when she noticed me and rose to her toes to kiss me.“I missed you today.””I missed you, too.”Dinner was pleasant, and the conversation flowed with relative ease. I helped clear the table, then it was on to the living room. She likes this movie so much, and I honestly don’t know why. I don’t like it at all, but I can almost quote it. The evening rolled on, and it was time for showers. I went first. When I finished, I propped up the pillows, immersed myself in a novel, and totally lost track of the time.The door opened and when I looked up, my mouth fell open. A lot of lace and not a lot of lace greeted me at the same time. I was immediately hard. I made eye contact and noticed her makeup. Her mascara was dark and smoky, her cheeks all but glowed, and her lips were shiny red. Her eyes sparkled with mischief and her hips swayed to my side of the bed. Black stockings encased her creamy legs. Her toes sparkled through the sheer fabric, colored with the same red as her lips. My cock drooled.She lifted the covers and slid in next to me. No words were spoken as she simultaneously kissed me and slid one hand under my boxers. Her lips and tongue fought briefly for supremacy with mine, but when I rolled on top, she submitted. Overwhelmed by what lay under me, I kissed a slow path down her neck. The lace fell away when I reached her breasts, and for a while, I just licked and sucked. Her moans and my need drove me further down and her legs opened with needy anticipation.Her scent overwhelmed me and I opened the snaps to uncover her treasure. I ate her with the fervor of a man long denied. She thrashed from side to side; both begging me to stop, and begging me not to. When my tongue finally relented, her lips were swollen and red. Her clit stood throbbing from underneath its hood, and she was totally breathless. I placed my body on hers, kissed the streaks running down each cheek, then again claimed her mouth with mine.She wrapped her legs around me, trying desperately to pull my hips to hers. Then she reached between us and lined my cock up with her hole. I was sheathed in one movement and we moaned in sync. She raised both hands above her head, crossed her wrists, and said words that unraveled me. “Don’t be gentle with me baby.”Pure, unadulterated sex followed. All the hurt I had ever felt melted away as the union between our bodies healed and intertwined our souls. Both spent, we lay in a sweaty heap, smiling and stroking the other’s cheek. I had never felt more connected with her than I did in that moment.I awoke sometime later to find moonlight filtering into the room. She was laying beside me in her long nightshirt. The novel was still open on my lap, and soaked boxers clung to my skin.I had my life pictured so differently.