It was with flair and awe that I couldn’t think the next day, for the first time my semen was all but swallowed with great enthusiasm. The response by Ruby was one of utter joy, as a new technic in our sex had developed.All day long I just felt so kinky and Ruby sensed that and at almost every break of a few hours she sucked me off.“What do you feel about doing this?“ I enquired after the 4th or 5th suck off.“It’s magic, your cock teases my insides, and you have very sweet semen.” Sweet semen meant to her something of my insides that tickled her and at times she would actually just go wild. Then the scene was set for our evening encounter.“Tonight we going to fuck but coupled to that we going to do something new.” she whispered out to me.With that coming from my innocent wife, I was very curious. I am now at the command of a sex machine. I still had some unanswered questions, but thought I’ll leave it for later.We retired to bed, and this time we were were alone. So things didn’t have to be done with peeping Toms around. Ruby gently removed her skinny dress and to my surprise she was pantiless. She was exposing a vagina that showed sign of freshness and shining clean.“What happened to your undies?”The response was cool and calm “I hate wearing them, but at times am forced to, didn’t you ever notice.”That made me even more horny and no more did I need a blowjob to get a hardon. Ruby was naked now as I knew seldom did she cover her boobs. Was this what she was talking about? “no” it was about getting my shorts off and stripping me naked. Somehow she reminded me of a porn film I had seen, but didn’t give it much thought.In the most vulgar fashion she said “LETS FUCK!”Those words always turns me on, so as I steadied myself, she grabbed my stiffness and gave it a few warm, slutty blows with her saliva to lube it. I returned the favor by engulfing her pussy and tongued it until she was wet enough to be rammed. My slime had mixed with her juices as she laid backward, lifting her legs high and opening up. I came atop and inserted my cock inside, and with utmost urgency, we were riding the wave. I could hear the sound of fluid gurgling as I went into her, who at the same time was so strong that she hooked me around. A kind of fuck that’s totally different to what I was always gentle about. Then came the surprise.“We going to 69, so let’s swing around.”I didn’t quite understand that, but she she made me go into her mouth and telling me to mouth fuck her pussy. I got the message. She was passively at the bottom and I was the man on top. I positioned myself to lower my cock into her mouth. At the same time I made myself comfortable to get my mouth onto her vagina. That was the surprise.“Go all the way.” she murmured. “We need to cum together.”This was it as I started to fuck her mouth and at at the same time was totally engulfed in her pussy. This type of sex just blew my mind as we increased the momentum and when I felt her drooling down there, I knew she was cumming. I could feel her body wriggle and my cock was swelling.With one scream she shouted “NOW!”, and to have mutual ejaculations is almost like a fantasy.I held onto her cunt, feeling her cum, as I spewed my seed all into her gaping mouth. As I relaxed my mouth, she cleaned out the last bit of semen. We untangled, kissed passionately, tasting one another’s juices. Exhausted, I just sat there and thought that this, my wife, has got what it takes. I was a bit curious, but still wanted to know how she came about doing such things.I left the question for later.