This story contains strong language (L).Spa Day (Her Story)The wind was chilly on my face as I left for my day of pampering. I knew there was inclement weather coming, but that would not deter me from the fun that my boss planned for me. A relaxing pedicure and facial were in my future as a Christmas present from my kind employer, and I knew that some pampering was just what I needed.I melted as I got the pedicure and almost fell asleep. I always love the way my toes look and feel after that relaxation. It definitely makes me more confident and feel sexier.Looking at the clock afterward, I realized that I had some time to kill before my facial. A sexy fun shop was not too far away, a favorite of my husband and me, and I thought it may not hurt to go check it out. After all, I needed to pick up a new outfit for the upcoming boudoir photography session I was surprising my hubby with for Valentine’s Day.Inside the store, I thumbed through the sexy lacy numbers. A sheer bodysuit perhaps, or something with the crotch cut out so that he could enjoy working his tongue in and on me in the way he does so expertly. Maybe some decorative nip covers and a matching pair of cheeky panties. Should I get the two-piece with no fabric at all where my hard, pink nipples would be? Something with a garter attached? Finally, I settled on a sexy red number that had lace trim and a lacy crotch with sheer nipples, knowing it would photograph just right with some fire-engine-red lipstick. It would rev his engine to see those pictures and imagine my bright red lips enveloping his sexy member.While I was in the shop, I took a peek at all the fun toys they had. The last time we were there, he almost got me a large, realistic-looking dick to pleasure myself with. Even though I prefer his smooth, hard, ample cock, just the thought of him watching me enjoy such a realistic-looking toy made me wet right there in the store. Browsing through all the vibrators, clit stimulators, sleeves to fit snugly over his hard shaft, and other toys had me leaving with damp panties and a longing for my hot husband in addition to my purchases (the red bodysuit, a pair of men’s vibrating underwear, and some Screaming O clit cream.)Naturally, I called my hubby to tease him. I told him I stopped by the “toy store” to buy a little surprise for him. I let him know how hot and wet my pussy felt and how ready I was for him to ravage me, but he’d have to wait. My day of pampering wasn’t over. I needed to have my facial still.The facial was a fresh experience for me, and I didn’t know what to expect but was sure it would feel exquisite. First, the esthetician gave me a terry cloth towel robe top and had me undress. I was still aroused from my shopping experience, and the room had a slight chill, so there was no hiding how hard my longing nipples were. The relaxing, soft touch of my esthetician had me melting into the bed. Then, as she gently massaged my shoulders and neck, her fingertips reached down to my upper chest. Her touch felt so nice, and I was already so turned on that my breasts silently screamed to be caressed. It was all I could think about! I did my best to hide my arousal. Hopefully, she didn’t notice. It just gave me another sensual tidbit to share with my husband when I got home.I felt like a queen leaving the spa with my fresh pedicure and glowing face–fully relaxed but fully longing for my man’s firm hands to take hold of my breasts, his lips and tongue to graze all over me, and his enormous cock to fill my moist pussy.Spa Day (His Story)It was a chilly January morning. As a Christmas bonus, my wife’s boss gave her a special gift–an all-expenses paid spa day. After kissing goodbye, she left the house fairly early and in a cheery mood, while I stayed home with our four kids. I spent the first part of the day doing house chores so that the place looked nice when she returned home, then spent the rest of the day hanging out with the kids, playing video games and watching TV.About mid-day, I received a phone call from my wonderful wife. I asked about her special day, and she told me she thoroughly enjoyed her pedicure and loved the way her toenails looked. Then her tone changed subtly, her voice sexy and playful. She told me that had some time to kill so she stopped by our favorite adult “toy store.” She had my full attention. In fact, I discreetly got up and walked back to our bedroom to continue the conversation. I hung on her every word, as she described her trip to the store, and how hot and horny it made her. “So, now I’m very wet and aroused, and I’ve still got to get my facial,” she explained.“What did you end up buying?” I asked excitedly, like a child inquiring about their Christmas presents.“Well, I bought a sexy little outfit that I think you’ll love for my boudoir session this Sunday, and the rest is a surprise,” she teased. “You’ll just have to wait and see.”The rest of the afternoon seemed to drag on as I mentally paced back and forth, anxiously awaiting her return. What did she buy? Sensual massage oil? A new vibrator? Edible panties? Something to slide over my cock? Would it need batteries? My mind kept racing about all the possibilities while my dick stayed partially hard all afternoon.When my sexy spouse finally arrived home, I welcomed her at the door with a quick kiss and warm hug.While hugging, she whispered in my ear, “I’m so horny for you.”Even though her words stole my breath, I responded, “I can’t wait to see what you bought.”She smiled devilishly. “Not until the kids are in bed.” Then she absconded to the bedroom with an unmarked shopping bag.We still had a couple of hours left in the evening before we could reasonably expect any alone time. Those hours were a little torturous but filled with flirtatious smiles and touches.When we finally got the kids in bed, we rushed to the bedroom where she excitedly grabbed her shopping bag and held it teasingly in front of her. She reached into the bag and retrieved a pair of men’s vibrating underwear. They came with a remote control disguised as a watch. We couldn’t try them out immediately because they needed to be charged first, but she promised to put them to good use the next time we have a date night. The thought of her teasing my balls with a vibrator all throughout dinner somewhere drove me wild! She also told me that she considered buying a nice, new dildo for herself but opted to get something for me instead. So, I urged her to get it next time.Then she told me all about her day. After her trip to the “toy store,” she got a facial, which included a shoulder and neck massage that ended up being much more sensual than expected. While rubbing her neck and shoulders, the lady’s hands plunged down toward her chest.“I was already so turned on, I got really aroused,” she explained. “My brain was like ‘Just relax and enjoy your facial.’ But my body was begging, ‘Just reacha little furtherand grab my tits, for goodness’ sake!’ Is that okay? I mean, it’s not like I would everactuallylet some random woman grab my boobs.”I assured her it was not only totally normal to get turned on during a massage but that I got rock hard just hearing about it!“Good, because I need you to fuck my tits like crazy right now!” she demanded.“Yes ma’am,” I replied obediently.Our clothes came off in a flash and within a few moments, my gorgeous bride was on her back with her bare breasts fully exposed and beckoning my attention. I climbed onto the bed beside her and leaned in close. My right hand moved toward her left breast, cupping and caressing it gently, while I lowered my mouth toward her rosy right nipple. For a moment, I just blew softly against it and watched as her achingly sensitive nipple tightened in anticipation. Then I gently circled my tongue around her shy, soft areola, teasing her puckering nipple for a moment before closing my mouth over it. I sucked firmly, pulling her succulent nipple deep into my mouth, then released it slowly through my teeth, softly nibbling her flesh. My tongue quickly flicked back and forth against her fleshy nub while I mimicked the same motion with my finger on her other one.“Oh, fuck, yes,” she whimpered, as she slid her left hand toward her dripping wet pussy. “You can be rougher,” she moaned.“Yes, ma’am,” I said with a smile. I immediately got more aggressive with her breasts, firmly pinching and pulling at her delicate nipples and sucking harder than before.She groaned with pleasure as her fingers glided through her neatly kept pubic hair and quickly found her throbbing clit, already swollen and slippery. While I continued pleasuring her tits, she started flicking her clit ferociously. Her breath sharpened and her moans got louder as she continued fondling her warm, wet clitoris and labia. Finally, she shoved a finger deep into her wanting pussy.I could tell she was delightfully wet and vigorously fingering herself from the sloshing sounds she made. When her moaning intensified, I knew she was right on the verge of an explosive orgasm, so I pulled back to watch. My pre-cum dripped in a thin, glistening stream as my engorged penis pulsed. I locked eyes with her, my hands still roughly caressing her ample tits and twisting her nipples just the way she likes.“Cum for baby,” I whispered.“Yes,” she replied. “Oooh, yeeesss,” she squealed with delight. Her body convulsed and spasmed as she climaxed. As I knelt beside her, my dick hovered above her abdomen. Suddenly, she wrapped her free hand tightly around my cock, as if looking for something to hang onto as she went over the edge.I love watching her bring herself to orgasm. Just seeing the look on her face–aching desire transformed into sweet surrender–brings me so much pleasure.As her orgasmic fog cleared, she began stroking my long, hard dick. This wouldn’t take long. My balls were aching all afternoon, and after watching her pleasure herself with my help, I was already on the edge. I could feel my balls tighten and my abs twitch as she forcefully pumped my shaft. A shudder sent me nearly falling forward.“I want to cum all over you,” I begged.“Yes,” she replied, “I want to feel your hot cum on my stomach.”She continued pumping, and I felt every cell in my body shout for joy as the building tension finally released. Streams of milky white cum shot in rhythmic bursts all over her sleek feminine torso.“Oh, yes, baby,” she whispered as she continued to milk every drop of cum. Slowly, she released my dick from her vice-like grip.Collapsing beside her, I playfully smeared my cum all around her belly with my fingers before reaching for a towel or t-shirt. As she wiped her abdomen clean, I just gaze at her adoringly.“You’re so amazing. I’m lucky to be married to you,” I whisper to my beloved bride.She smiled coyly, “Yes. Yes, you are.”