(L) – This story contains strong language.One night recently I prayed for another intense lovemaking session with my wife where she goes off the charts and wants to be licked and thoroughly fucked.  The prayer was answered, and that encounter happened the very next day!But first, this post is about the dream I had during that night in between.  One of my medications has a weird side effect of giving me long and very detailed dreams.  Now, because this is a dream, don’t expect it to be particularly plausible.  In my opinion, the behavior of the characters in the dream is really inappropriate for an unmarried couple.  But even in my dream, there was no actual extramarital sex, so I’m hoping it’s in bounds for MH.I guess this is a fictional story made up by my subconscious mind.  For clarity, I added names.  I was “Ted” in the dream.  The young adult female was Lena.By the way, additional installments are cumming in this series and they are the erotic reality of what happened with my Melody ‘n I after I read her the dream.  So… now to my Sexy Dream!*         *          *          *I had an erotic dream that woke me up this morning.  There was a female co-ed character in my dream that looked a lot like a younger version of my wife, but with feathery, longish brown hair to her shoulders.  She had brown/hazel eyes.  She was fit and curvy, which is a great combination!The co-ed in my dream, Lena, was 20, and I was 23 or so.  I had dark brown hair and brown eyes.  We both were very fit.  I had been in a short, tumultuous marriage, and she had never been married, but had fallen off the straight and narrow for a short time, as had I.  But we both had come back to Jesus.  Praise God that we both believed in repentance via the atonement of Jesus Christ.  That IS what Christianity is all about: not being perfect, but repenting when we mess up and striving to do better.  I am not digressing; those thoughts really were in my dream.The college we were attending was a state school with liberal views, but we were still both surprised to be assigned to a co-ed dorm, and we were even more surprised that we had to share a room.  It was an older house that the college had purchased and turned into a dorm, due to a lack of student housing. We arrived at the house on the same day.  Lena arrived before me.  The other roommates in the house were all girls except for one other guy.Lena and I liked each other at once.  Again, we were both taken aback by the fact that we had been assigned the master bedroom, and the king-sized bed was the only one in the room.  We discussed how we were both bent on keeping God’s commandments, so we agreed to no sexual touching, especially in bed.  This would be a challenge because we both knew about sexual pleasure firsthand.As the semester went on, we became very good friends.  She told me how she never liked fancy weddings.  She said that she’d just prefer to someday get married with no drama because she wanted to be married to a kind husband & not put on a display for everyone.With a wink, she added, “But I DO want to put on areallysexy display for my husband!”At night, sometimes I would masturbate when I thought she was asleep.  But sometimes I became aware that soft moans and sighs were cumming from the other side of the bed.Finally, one night as we were talking in bed, we kissed.  This immediately led to us making out, but we kept our hands off erogenous zones. We made out several nights in a row, and I was getting severe blue balls, so when I thought she was asleep, I began masturbating.  However, I soon heard her deep sighs, and I knew she was having some sexy fun with her body too.Well, shewasawake and said, “I know what you’re doing, because I am doing the female equivalent.”We had never admitted to each other that we masturbated in bed.  But I knew we both had been aware of the fact.I told Lena about my blue balls.  She said she desperately needed a release, too.  So we agreed to fix our own problem together.  We would have no physical sexual contact, but we could get naked with the lights off, and we could touch ourselves while we listened to each other.  (In reality, I certainly do NOT recommend this behavior for an unmarried couple, but this is what happened in my dream.  I am not sharing the other details that followed.  But know that in the dream we did NOT ever touch each other sexually while unmarried.)By the way, from time to time, we HAD glimpsed each other nude or partially nude because we had to share a bedroom and bathroom.  But she’d never seen me hard, and I’d never really seen her erotically aroused. Our bedroom/dorm room was very dark, so we could not see much of each other.  But we certainly could HEAR each other.Our roommates had teased us that we’d be having sex before Halloween.  We didn’t want them to think they had been right.  And indeed, they weren’tquitecorrect.  We had enjoyed kissing and really enjoyed listening to each other’s erotic show, but we had done no sexual touching of each other.After we both had individually climaxed, Lena giggled and then said, “We need to fix this problem in the morning!”  Then she crawled over to my side of the bed and she kissed me.  As she stood by her side of the bed to put her pajamas back on, her sexy silhouette in the darkness about drove me mad!When she climbed back into bed to sleep, I knew to stay on my side of the bed, but it wasn’t easy.  I wanted to cuddle her and spoon her.  But I knew my hands couldn’t resist her.  And cuddling up next to her almost certainly would have led to us breaking our agreement to keep pure.  I put on my pajamas and went to sleep.In the morning, after breakfast, Lena took me by the hand.  “Let’s go fix this problem,” she said, and she led me out the door.I was intrigued, so I let her drag me along.  I think I would’ve followed her to the ends of the Earth.  I liked her intensely, and that had led to loving her just as intensely.After walking two blocks, Lena stopped in front of the nearby county courthouse.  She turned to me and said, “You are the kindest guy I’ve ever met.  And you tell me I’m beautiful, but if that’s so, you are just as handsome as I am beautiful.”  We looked deeply into each other’s eyes, and she said, “Let’s get married.  Right here, right now.”I had no hesitation.  “Of course,” I said at once.  Then I gathered her up into my arms and said,  “I am totally in like with you, and totally in LOVE with you!”We kissed and went into the courthouse.  A surprised judge married us in his office with two clerks as witnesses.  My beautiful Lena and I emerged from the building as a married couple.We went straight back to the house that was our dorm building.  Our roommates were all gone for class.  Lena and I went into our dorm room and stripped each other quickly.  Before I could touch her lovely body, she surprised me with a suggestion. “I want to take it slow.  Let’s do what we did last night, only with the lights on.”This sounded wonderful to me.  We each moved to lie down on our side of the bed and began touching ourselves.  Lena stroked her breasts and began pinching her nipples.  Then she started twisting them between her fingers.  Next, her right hand drifted down to her trimmed bush and beyond to the folds of her pussy.  She stroked herself, sliding two fingers through the entrance to her pussy up to her clit.  She then rubbed circles around her clitoris as she sighed deeply.  I took note of what she was doing so I could please her later.I was lying on my side and watching the now visual show.  I was pumping my expanding rod.  She added sound effects with her sighs and additional sounds of her fucking her pussy with her fingers.  Lena also kept glancing over at me as I pumped my rod and slid closer and closer.“No touching yet,” she said with a giggle.“Not touching, just admiring the beautiful and sexy wife I have!” I said.  Then I kneeled up beside her and faced her.  I was now jacking off my cock right next to her at about the center of her body, near her navel.“Ooooo!” she cried.  “I love watching you work your big cock!  I can hardly wait for you to fuck me with it and for me to fuck you with my wet pussy!”She had not yet moved to touch me.  But finally she was overcome with desire and she reached up to gently take hold of my erection.  She gently stroked me, but only briefly.“Ohhh! You are so BIG!” she said.  “That will feel really good inside of me… when the time is right.”Then she let go of me and returned her left hand to stroking and pinching her tits.I resumed stroking my shaft with my cock facing her belly button.  She was a sexy sight!  Her right hand moved faster and faster with her fingers stroking her pussy frantically.“I’m so close!” she cried out.  “Cum on my tummy!  I wanna see you cum with me!”Suddenly, she arched her back and let out a squeal of pleasure.  It was too much for me.  I came like a Mount Saint Helens eruption, and my white hot semen sprayed all over the olive skin of her tummy.  My semen stood out and glistened like cooling lava on a bed of sand.  It was a beautiful sight to see my bride with a contented and sexy smile.  Then she reached down and scooped up some of my cum off of her tummy, near her navel.  To my surprise, she stuck her cum-soaked finger into her mouth and licked my cum off of it.  What a sight!“Mmmmmm!’ she purred.  “I can’t wait to have more!”  Then she said, “Stand up by my side of the bed.  I wanna taste your dick!”So I moved to her side of the bed and she immediately dropped to her knees and began sensually licking my still hard cock.  Then she took me deep into her mouth.  I ran my fingers through her feathery hair as she pleased me orally in a beyond-belief experience.  (When I was young, I often kept my erection through 2-3 orgasms, so I guess my subconscious remembered that.  After all, our characters in this dream were young adults.)The exquisite feeling of everything we did together was new to us both.  Everything was just so new and full of love.  She would have gladly blown me until I filled her mouth with my man cream. But wanting to feel her pussy wrapped around my cock, I soon pulled her to her feet and lowered her to the bed.She opened her legs and used her hands to spread her pussy lips for my enjoyment.  Now it was MY turn to feast—on her beautiful pussy, including her clitoris.  It was her turn to run fingers through MY hair as I licked and tongue-fucked her sweet pussy.  With my tongue, I replicated what I had seen her fingers do.  Her second orgasm hit her hard and fiercely.  Then I slid on top of her and thrust my hard cock inside of her hungry pussy.  It felt so wonderful as I gazed into her eyes as my cock made her mine.She began to squeeze my cock with her pussy and to rock forward into each of my thrusts.“Oh, Ted, I never felt anything more wonderful than you inside me.  I love you so much!  And I love that your big cock belongs to ME and me alone!”I paused and kissed her for a loooong time and then said, “I feel the same way about you and your body… including your voluptuous tits and tight pussy!”Then we continued our lovemaking as I rode her to our mutual pleasure.  It was deep, passionate fucking, and yet it was also making love!  As her moans of pleasure and her Kegel grip on my cock increased, I knew she was getting there.  We had quickly developed a rhythm where my thrusts were intensified by her thrusting her pussy upward to receive my cock. My shaft was sliding in and out, and I felt her wonderful depths!  Making love to my best friend was a wonderful and truly new experience.We again hit orgasm together!  Well,almosttogether. Her pussy felt so incredibly tight as she rose to meet me and we would soon both hit our peak.As my cock erupted first, the pleasure was so great that I almost passed out.  As the first eruption of my cum filled her pussy, that triggered her mind numbing orgasm.“I l-love feeling your cum in my pussyyy!” she cried out.Then she rammed harder into me with her pussy causing me to sink my last spurts of cum even deeper into her wonderful caressing cunt!We rested with me still on top of and inside her.  We kissed.  We stared into each other’s eyes.  Then she noticed something.“You aren’t getting soft!” she exclaimed. “You’re still hard!  Let’s do it again, but from behind!”So we did, with her kneeling on the bed and me fucking her from behind as I stood by the bed.  My balls slapped her beautiful buns and she cried out, “Fuck me harder Ted!  I love how you fuck me with that big dick of yours!  And I love you sooo much!  Fuck me HARDER!”So I did.  It was so wonderful absolutely pounding her pulsating pussy!*         *          *          *Then, suddenly, I woke up.  (What terrible timing my subconscious has!)  I had not even had my third orgasm!Anyway, I know some of the behaviors in the dream were wildly inappropriate for an unmarried couple.  But I wanted to tell you at least part of the actual dream.  Telling you all of the details of the unmarried portion of the dream would be problematic for MH guidelines. But I have the full dream recorded in my journal.  Next time, I’ll tell you about the true sexy aftermath that happened in the real world.  It was beyond belief!  It started when I shared the entire dream with my sexy wife.  For now, know that my earlier prayer for a wonderful sex session was answered with a resounding “YES!” and then some… because we had two intense sex sessions nearly every day for the next five days!  Those stories are “cumming” next in this series. (Pun intended!)