It’s been a while but our sex life had really grown in stature. Having said that, I have another of those kinky stories to relate. Being on a holiday seems the most fascinating time for us. Needless to say, this one was just sex , sex, sex, most of the time. There wasn’t a door I didn’t open for Greg. Every time it was something different, and Greg explored everything I offered to him.One thing that seemed to stand out was my dressing much more tantalizingly! He encouraged me to frequently dress scantily on most occasions. This would often get eyes rolling. Greg loved to see me subtly display myself. He felt that it was part of our marriage bed heat which we explored with passion.We were driving along the seafront and I was doing something which could have landed us in trouble. I love to suck his cock while we drive. As it was a long drive, I stopped at intervals, letting him get his composure back. Then I would start again. That composure did not always last long. Time and again my mouth was filled with semen, and I would sit up and gulp it down.After we reached our destination at the Hotel, we rushed off for dinner. I still enjoyed the taste of his cum in my mouth and he kept fondling my womanhood under the table. While dining, I must have cum about five times. The oozing dropping onto my short dress as there was no protection of panties which would have soaked it up. I went to the ladies to use some tissues to dry off. Yes, several women noticed the stains. Several actually smiled, and some even complemented me to be so bold.We finally left the dining area. As we got to the bedroom, I grabbed Greg’s cock. He hurriedly turned around and placed us in a 69 position. We were now ready to mutually go at one other. He was on top, and he sank his cock into my mouth. His face was now burrowed on my vagina and this was just what I wanted so badly. We ate and sucked one another. Since Greg had several orgasms during the day, his cock stayed hard. This gave me the opportunity to be penetrated in my mouth for a long time.In the meanwhile I was cumming intensely. We went on for almost an hour, until I asked him to stop for a short break. I was on fire as we untangled and set up to take a breather. A while later a sudden urge developed in me for some unusual things. I wanted Greg to Fuck me between the cleft of my breasts and Greg obliged. Cupping my two stiff breast together, Greg came up gently and did what he was suppose to do. He was very gentle and slowly rode his cock between my cupped together breasts. His cock head even touched my neck. We were enjoying this tactic for a while and then stopped”I want to try something different. “ he said. I nodded as he let go and turned me on my tummy. I though well here goes my anus. But no, Greg placed my hands in such a position in order to press my butt cheeks together. He slipped his cock in fro the bottom up and “WOW” this was a new experience. He had his cock sliding an out and I Just felt a new type of sensation riddling through my body.A few minutes later Greg stopped and uttered “I think that is enough, now for lovemaking, it’s time we fuck.”He turned me around as I reclined by legs backwards, and then he entered me. He pushed my thighs backwards and with great force he rode me wildly. I was cumming again and again and finally he groaned, of which I was familiar with. His first spurt of load shot into my pussy. Then he came up shooting all along my tummy, breast, face, and finally emptied in my mouth. We both drifted into a sleep. Later, as I opened my eyes, his penis was still in my mouth. We both got up, untangled and just fell off to sleep. Sex can be extraordinary if you experiment with love making in crude ways and have fun with your married partner.