We were in an amorous mood that evening.Lights off, candles lit. Clothes discarded. No time constraints.I kissed my wife deeply as she settled into the pillows. I was to her right side, my hand sliding up and down her body, stopping to massage, rub, and stroke certain points. The passion of our kisses increased with each touch.As our bodies began to respond to the moment, my hand wandered to between my wife’s legs. I massaged her thigh and finally arrived at the sweet spot at the entrance of her sacred chamber.I touched it and began to rub it in a slow up-and-down motion. I had just started when my wife stopped kissing me and her hand stopped mine.She looked me and said, “Do you mind if I do that tonight?”This has happened before when my wife has taken matters into her own hands. Years ago when it first happened, I was surprised and a little hurt.Was I doing something wrong?I wondered.My wife, always considerate, had quickly assured me that was not the case. “I still like doing it myself,” she’d said with a knowing smile.So now when my wife makes such a request, I sit back and watch the show, grateful that she allows me, at times, to watch. I also get tips on how to better pleasure her myself.I kissed her again with great passion and sucked her nipple, rolling it around my tongue. My wife softly moaned. I then positioned myself so I could watch what would happen next.My wife spread her legs as wide as she could, her right hand reaching down to the sacred spot. She touched it and gasped.Her fingers played around the edges, softly touching the spot, and also probing the inside of her chamber.My wife closed her eyes and settled into a steady up-and-down motion. Her other hand massaged her breast. She let out a contented sigh as she began to experience the building pleasure.I sat back on my knees watching how she touched herself—how she varied the pace, sometimes switching to a more circular motion at times. She knew how to pleasure herself.As I watched, I absentmindedly began to stroke my own erection. My wife opened her eyes, saw what I was doing, and smiled. “Glad you found something to do.”Soon both of my wife’s hands were between her legs. The pace picked up as she began to furiously rub the spot. Her breathing quickened and she lifted up her head to watch her fingers disappear into herself.My wife’s moans grew louder and her rubbing quickened again.Finally, my wife reached the highest level of intimacy. Her moans were loud and long. Her body shook, and her fingers were coated with her love stream.My erection was forgotten. I reached over and held onto her hand, understanding that the physical reaction was intense. I hung on for several minutes while her breathing returned to normal. I took her fingers and sucked them, enjoying the taste.”Do you want to finish too?” she asked.I patted my semi-erect erection. “I am ok for now,” I said. “Nothing can compare to watching that.”My wife brushed the hair out of her eyes, smiled, and said, “I love when you do that to me, but it is good to know I haven’t lost my touch.”I kissed my beloved on the forehead and pulled her close. “Me too.”