Stefan looked down into those fiery eyes.  They were gorgeous green-blue gems edged in black lashes.  From the first moment Stefan had caught them with his own gaze, he was captivated.  Their possessor was just as beautiful, an Israeli woman with rich dark hair, almost black, but brown in the sunlight, and smooth sun-kissed skin.  Tonight the moon illuminated the sculpture of her cheekbones and forehead, making her even more lovely.“When do you leave, Stefan?” she asked softly.Just hearing his name on her lips undid him.  He knew it always would.  He swallowed the saliva that pooled his mouth when he was in her presence.“Three days,” he answered.  His voice sounded terse, but it was only because he feared his feelings would show through.“Three days.”  She said it so quietly as she turned away.  “It may as well be three seconds.”The words struck him.  Did she care so much that he had to go on this mission? He’d hardly dared hope that this incredible woman would fall for him.  He’d always thought himself quite average, though he was tall and muscular and dark-haired.“Jael, I will come back, with God’s help,” he declared.She looked back at him and her moonlit eyes thoroughly studied his face.  “Suppose you do not? Stefan, after all that has happened…the loss…the blood and death…I could not bear…” and she broke off, again turning to look out over the dark, wide country.“Bear what?” Stefan asked, approaching her tentatively.  Everything in him longed to grab her in his arms, to kiss her lips, to make her his own forever.  It was torture to keep at arm’s length.It was 1948.  For the last four months, Stefan, an American of German heritage, had come over to volunteer his aid to the Jewish people as they sought to reclaim their land.  He had served in WWII and distinguished himself through courage and selflessness, fully earning the reward of home and civilian life.  But he was an active man and felt there was still so much to do.  When the unrest in the Middle East caught his ears, he sensed that God wanted him to stand with His people.Naturally, many Jews distrusted him because of his German roots.  But one of the freedom fighters, a woman named Jael, bonded with him immediately.  Perhaps it was because she was disdained by her own people for, supposedly, selling her body to keep her mother and sisters from poverty.  She had refuted this accusation, but there was no evidence to back her up.  Stefan determined to prove his faith by Christian love, and she was attracted to that.  He on his part was won by her kindness and astonishing emotional strength, and also her glorious, alluring eyes.An hour ago, he’d been given an assignment by the commander of the guerilla group.  It was dangerous and would take him quite a distance.  This was the news he’d just relayed to Jael.When she still didn’t answer, he asked again, “Jael, what could you not bear?” He found himself close, almost touching her.Slowly she rotated to face him.  When her eyes met his, he was broken by the shining tears he saw.“I could not bear to lose you,” she burst out, though her voice was low.  “You have been good to me.  I did not think such a man existed.  Everyone considers me a whore and you would have had every right to trample over me.  But you do not.”“Jael, I know you are not a whore,” Stefan rejoined earnestly, his hands reaching for hers.  “And no one should be cruel to you even if you were.  God wants us to love and forgive each other, for the sake of His son Jesus.”Jael smiled a little weakly.  “You are so bold in your faith, though you know I am a Jew who does not think Jesus to be the Messiah.”“I want to show you that He alonecanbe the Messiah, because through Him I am the way I am,” Stefan explained.  “He loves you, Jael, even more than I do.”Her head jerked and her eyes went wide.  Stefan realized what he’d said and his face went hot, yet he held her gaze.“Did you say that…you love me?” she breathed.The door had opened.  He must walk through it.  “Yes,” was his simple answer.“But…we are so different,” she began protesting.  “Our cultures…our religion…you are worthy of a sweet American girl who will bless you with children and make your home beautiful.  I should only bring a blight to your name with my reputation –”“Jael, none of that matters to me,” he interrupted, stepping forward and pressing her hands to his chest.  “In time I hope to lead you to my Savior.  I sense that your heart is open to Him.  And I am assured of your purity.  I care nothing about what others say.  I love you.  Do you love me?” His eyes, a deep, tender brown, searched her face longingly.Tears dripped from her eyes, but now she smiled, a beautiful, glad smile.  “Yes! Oh yes, Stefan.  I love you!”Stefan wanted to cry and laugh and cheer, but he could only gasp a little and pull her into his arms.  She wrapped hers around his shoulders and wept against his neck.They stayed like that for sweet minutes that they wished could stretch into eternity.  Stefan couldn’t grasp how quickly things had changed, that he’d won this woman’s love.  And from the way she nestled into him, he knew she trusted and adored him.  It was the most wonderful thing he’d ever known.Once her weeping had calmed, Jael raised her wet eyes to his face.  “I want to be with you always,” she whispered.Stefan’s lower belly clenched.  The sweetness of the moment was quickly turning to passion, to desire.“Would you…consent to become my wife now? Tonight?” he abruptly asked.Startled, Jael searched his face.  “Do you mean it? You would not regret making this choice so quickly?”He shook his head deliberately.“Then…I will.”  Her tone was gentle, but swelling with fervency.Stefan withdrew from her arms and took her hand.  Together they walked towards the commander’s tent.Permission was given for them to marry, and someone found a rabbi.  With their compatriots as witnesses, Stefan and Jael became man and wife in a short ceremony.  It seemed to be generally understood that they wanted as much time together as possible.  So the commander generously distracted everyone with wine that had been stashed among the provisions, and Stefan slipped away with his bride.A small hut, used temporarily as an outpost for the guerillas, was made available for their wedding night.  It was to this hillside location that the new couple carried their few belongings.Stefan’s heart was beating hard and not just from the hike.  His whole body tingled at the knowledge that he was now a married man and soon to make love to his wife.  It was too amazing.  As he grasped Jael’s soft, strong hand, he felt heat travel from her fingers to his.  Each time her met her eyes, he saw the fire in them, and he couldn’t help but grow more frenzied in his hunger for her.“I wish it were a prettier place,” he admitted, once they had lit a fire and spread their blankets on the bare floor.Jael twined her arms around his torso and placed her cheek on his chest.  “The surroundings mean nothing to me.  Only being with you.”  She looked up at him.  “You have not yet kissed me, Stefan.”“Because I’m too overwhelmed with simply looking at you,” he rejoined hoarsely.She chuckled a little sadly.  “I am sorry you do not see a lovely bride in a white gown and holding flowers.  Instead I am wearing dust and men’s clothes.”“They cannot hide your beauty.  But we can do something about both,” he smiled a little mischievously.  He had spotted a large wooden tub in the corner.  “I’ll heat water, and then…we can bathe.”“Together?” Jael asked, blushing and smiling.“I would love it,” he confessed.Jael nodded.  Stefan left her embrace and began hauling in water, some of which he poured right into the tub, and the rest he hung over the flames.  Then he turned to her, his eyes fixed on her as he unbuttoned his shirt.She took the hint and undid her own, revealing a lithe body clad in a simple brassiere.  Her breasts were lovely, small, but firm and just round enough to create a shallow cleavage.  Stefan’s crotch was aching.  They both removed their boots and socks and stepped out of their khaki pants.  Jael admired the strong muscles of her husband’s chest and arms, while he devoured her long, curvaceous legs.Now in only her underwear, Jael paused.  She was a little awed by the sight of Stefan in only his shorts.  She felt shy.  He detected it and came up to her.“My lovely wife, there is no need for embarrassment,” he said kindly.“I know.  Help me with this?” and she turned to give him access to her bra fixture.Swallowing in some disbelief, Stefan fumbled with the clip, unable to process the fact that he was taking off a woman’s clothes.  He wanted to touch all of that soft, warm skin.  His fingers hooked into the waist of her panties and drew them down.  She kicked them away and faced him again.  Stefan felt his manhood tighten as he took in the whole frontal view.  She was so simplistically beautiful.But she was coming up close to him and rubbing her hands over his chest, down his belly, and down further still towards that sensitive, alert, throbbing member.  He felt dizzy and his legs quivered.“You are handsome, Stefan.  The handsomest man I’ve ever seen,” she stated in such an honest way that it hardly sounded seductive, yet it aroused his blood like nothing else.He let her pull his shorts off and nervously watched as she examined his penis.  He felt so strange and exposed, but also powerful.  Finally this part of him would be used for the purpose for which it was intended: claiming and marking his mate.  He’d waited a long time for this.Now that both were nude, Stefan led her to the tub.  He poured in all the hot water and made sure it was comfortable.  Then he stepped in, gave her a hand to follow him, and they sank down together.  It was a tight fit, but with her seated between his thighs, her back against his chest, it worked.First they washed each other, enjoying the sensation of refreshment and cleanness after the long weeks spent on foot in unwashed clothes.  Yet they couldn’t keep from touching each other intimately.  Once they were clean, Jael, her hair wet, laid back, pulled Stefan’s head down so his face was near hers, and kissed him hungrily.  He returned it with just as much eagerness, his hands cupping her breasts.  She could feel his hardness twitch against her backside and it excited her to know she would soon feel it in her.At last the water had cooled off and their blood had heated up, so they left the tub and dried each other’s bodies.  They didn’t do the job very thoroughly because they were kissing and groping too much.  They came to their makeshift bed, Jael on her back, Stefan lying over her.“You’re so beautiful, so sweet and warm and lovely,” he murmured, his lips trailing down her neck.“Oh, Stefan, I love being with you,” she whispered back.  She rubbed her foot along his calf.  “I can’t believe I’m your wife.”He responded honestly, “I want to please you, sweetheart. I want to be the best husband possible.”“You already are that,” she rejoined, her eyes moist.  “You have showed me such kindness from the first day we met.  I always feel safe with you.  I…I love you so much that I want to give you pleasure too.”Stefan couldn’t help smiling.  “Then we’re off to a good start.”  He lowered his head to touch her lips with his.  She responded with passion and their kisses were soon deep and wet and slow.They took their time, allowing their hands to run over each other’s skin, kissing wherever they pleased, and just basking in the warmth of their damp, fresh bodies pressed together.  Jael could have gone on like that for hours.  She tenderly stroked her husband’s arms and back, even daring to touch the firm muscles of his butt.  He was so strong and sinewy, the hair on his chest lightly tickling her belly, his big, sculpted hands gentle as he caressed her.  Stefan, too, was content, yet he ached to feel the secret regions of his bride, the recesses where he could at last envelope his manhood in sweet, hot, feminine wetness.He almost jumped when her hand crept down and she just grazed his cock with her fingertips.“I’m sorry,” she whispered, unsure if she had done something inappropriate.“Don’t be sorry.  I want you to touch me there,” he said reassuringly.  “I’m just…”“What?” She gazed into his eyes.He smiled a little shyly.  “Your lovely hands might make short work of me.”A blush darkened the color of her cheek, but she too smiled.  “I want to see you in a climax of pleasure,” she declared.The words flooded him with hot need.  Her hand again touched him, now rubbing along his length, experimentally feeling the smooth, veiny skin.  Stefan was holding himself up on his forearms, allowing her access.  Just her hand on him made him lightheaded.“Darling…”“Do you like it, Stefan?” she asked softly.“Yes!” He bit down hard on his back teeth.  It made the muscles in his jaw ripple.“It’s almost burning me, like hot steel,” she murmured, continuing her leisurely massage.  “It’s smooth too.  I never knew it was like that.”He settled himself beside her so he could better watch watched her hand, then went back to feasting his eyes on her face.  Her lashes were curtaining her eyes as she studiously jerked him off.“Is that…does it mean you…are already finished?” She pointed, and Stefan glanced down to see a drip of pre-ejaculate oozing from the tip of his shaft.“Not yet,” he smiled.  “You’re warming me up.  Keep going, please, baby.”She resumed, smearing that creamy drop around his corona.  Her palms were so warm and strong and deft and she never hesitated, new as she was to this.“Oh Stefan, this part of you feels so good,” she whispered.Stefan could only manage a grunt.  To his own mixed embarrassment and delight, he was nearing the brink already.  He subconsciously reached out to fondle her little breasts.  She sighed in enjoyment.“It is not painful, my love?” she asked.“No,” he bit out.“I feel you trembling.  And your breathing is fast.  You are close, darling.”  She sped up her movements.  “Do you like to have my hands on you?”“Yes…”“Finally a woman is touching a part of you that no one else ever will.  I am making your blood hot and your heart beat wildly.  My Stefan, I love to do this.  I want to make you shake and groan as you let your seed flow out.  Let it come, love.”  Her voice was low, huskily seductive.  He was drawing in and out of her hands as they lightly gripped his cock.  “Cover my hands and my body with your semen.  I am all yours, forever.  Do this to me every night, all night.  Let me see your sweet semen, and taste it.  I want to sleep while it is wet on my skin.”“Yes…oh yes…Jael…” Stefan gasped weakly.  He was basically humping her hands and dashing to the finish line.  Her last words sent an image of such raw sexuality to his brain that he had to release the pressure in his loins.  “Yes…yes…yes…ah…ah…nnnnnnyeeeeeeeees!” and his contracting balls sent a magnificent load of cum through his shaft and all over Jael’s hands.“Oh yes! Yes, Stefan! It is beautiful,” she exclaimed, somewhat in awe over this primal performance.  He continued to spurt and some of it landed on her belly and thigh.  She waited until he had gotten over the intensity of the moment, then raised her hands and licked her fingers one by one.  Stefan thought it the most glorious scene ever.  He pulled her close against him and kissed her mouth.“That is how I want to always be kissed,” she declared.  “With your hot semen on my lips.  Oh darling, it is so good.  I love it, and I want you to do it again, only inside of me.”“I will, my love, I swear I will.  First, though, it’s your turn to feel some pleasure,” and masterfully, he laid her flat on her back.“What will you do?” she asked curiously.“I may have to experiment,” he replied with an arch smile.  His fingertips trailed teasingly over her breast, down her belly, and rested in the thatch of hair at her crotch.  His touch was light as he played with the wiry locks, yet from the restless twitching of her hips and the soft sighs whispering from her mouth, it was easy to see she was sensitive there.  Then he combed his fingers further and felt warm, wet flesh.  For some reason, the knowledge that her fluids were flowing because of him made Stefan’s belly tighten.“Oh yes…” Jael gasped, opening her thighs to his hand.He drew the clear juices up from her fertile entrance and thoroughly saturated her entire mound.  Every stroke of her petals made her tremble, and she couldn’t help writhing a little when he found her clitoris.“So beautiful, so delicious,” Stefan murmured, intoxicated by the sliminess of his fingers and the smell of her arousal rising to his nostrils.Then, startling Jael to full delicious consciousness, he slid a finger inside her.“Oh Stefan!” she blurted, hands grasping the blankets.“You’re so hot,” he said in lustful wonder.  Gently, he caressed her sacred core, incredulous that he and he alone was permitted to enjoy this woman.  His lips sought hers again, and she eagerly opened to him.  A new, protective thrill warmed his body when she reached up and gripped his bicep, as if clinging to him for help.  That changed quickly into raw male need when her other hand closed around his reviving cock.For a few minutes, they prepared each other for actual penetration, all while glutting themselves on the intoxicating depths of each other’s mouth.  Stefan grunted as he felt himself fully hard again.  Jael whimpered, wriggling around the slow exploration of his finger.Finally she sucked in air and begged, her breath mixing with his, “Take me, my husband! I cannot bear this!”“Baby…I want you so much I’m going to lose my mind,” he rejoined a little roughly, adjusting his position so he lay over her.“So am I! I never knew…I didn’t imagine it was like this!” she panted, spreading her legs without hesitation and pulling him in.He concentrated, hoping he could hold himself in at least for a few minutes of oneness, and used his thickness to prod at her drooling entrance.  A sudden inhale on her part alerted him that she was very much aware of his body about to unite with hers.Meeting her eyes and holding them seductively, he pushed in.  Her gaze never wavered, though she let out a brief, strangled cry at this new invasion.  Her excited body allowed him to enter smoothly. Once he had encased himself to the hilt in her femininity, he placed both hands around her face.“I love you,” he said in a husky voice.Tears gathered in her eyes.  She covered his hands with hers.  “And I love you.”His first attempts to move within her were broken, unskilled, but very fulfilling.  Jael gasped as he slowly screwed into her depths.  Her hands unconsciously clenched his back, the nails almost cutting his skin.  She tried to rock with him, to more fully join her hips to his.“Stefan…oh Stefan…” was all she could utter.“Baby, you feel magnificent,” he muttered, his mouth against her neck.They forgot the world around them, the year, the conflict, everything except each other.  To be one flesh…it defied human description.  Stefan literally felt that he was making love to Jael’s soul.  And she, in eager, unrestrained feminine sensuality, accepted and returned that passion, seeking to join him bodily and spiritually.That quiet shack, which had hitherto only been used by fighters, housed very different occupants that night: lovers.  Married lovers.  A man and a woman who had found each other in the middle of a time of turmoil.  A Christian and a Jew, led by the same God, and on their way to complete unification in the same Savior.  As they writhed together in the primal glory of marital love, both Stefan and Jael knew they were tied together for eternity.The pleasure could only reach such a point of boiling until it exploded.  With disbelieving enchantment, Stefan gazed into Jael’s fiery eyes, and felt himself drowning deliciously.  Her breasts quivered with his every thrust and little mewling cries sang in her throat.  He grunted, the breath pulled out of him with the exertion of this strange, naked dance.  A rush of flame and blood built in his loins.“Jael…I’m close…oh God…I’m going to…” he bit out, grinding into her so deeply he was sure they were fused into one body.“Yes, Stefan! Fill me! Oh yes! Oh God…it’s so…good…” she rejoined, undulating her hips madly.  She, too, sensed a tsunami of grandeur dashing towards her.  When it hit, she screamed and shook uncontrollably.  That sent Stefan into his own orgasm.  A harsh roar burst from him as he convulsed, ropes of hot cream erupting from his tender meat and filling his bride.Both trembled as the delight ebbed out, leaving a warm softness.  The quivers eased and their bodies collapsed together in a tangle of sweating skin.  Stefan finally found the strength to lift himself off Jael, fearing he had crushed her.  But she assured him with a look that she was comfortable.  Feeling weak and sated, she settled into his arms.“My love, I feel your semen gushing out of me,” she whispered, the flush of lovemaking still rosy on her cheeks.Stefan’s cock twitched at the sensual statement.  “Good grief, Jael, you’re going to make me hard again too soon!”She smiled at him.  “How soon is ‘too soon’?” she asked coyly.  “Oh, Stefan, I love you.  I never want to be away from you.”“Please God, you won’t have to.  I’ll do my duty and come back to you.  In the meantime,” he added, stroking his fingertips along her arm, “will you let me ravish you as long as we’re together?”She answered by raising her head and deliberately and tenderly kissing his lips.  “Yes.  Always, my Stefan.”