This post contains strong language (L).I was standing in the kitchen, crying and very upset about our terrible fight last night.  I decided to make my husband’s favorite meal, sausage gravy and biscuits.  A deep breath told me when he entered the room; I smelled his scent.  I was afraid to say a word and my heart pounded.He pressed against my ass through my robe to reach for two coffee cups, and I gasped.  He groaned as he set the cups down and pressed against my ass harder.I shivered, feeling his cock begin to harden.  Moaning, I pressed back against him as he wrapped his arms around my waist and opened my robe. Between my legs, the heat and wetness built quickly.His lips kissed softly against my neck, then his warm breath grazed my ear as he whispered, “Sorry.” His big hand slid up and cupped my tits, squeezing them and pinching my long hard nipples until he pulled another moan from me.I was grinding hard against his cock as he slid his hands to my shoulders.  Pulling back a bit, he pushed my robe to the floor. When he pressed his body hard against mine again, I could feel his hot, stiff cock in the crack of my ass. Then his hand slid down to cup and squeeze my wet pussy as I rubbed against him. It made me grind harder.  My body vibrated as he pushed two fingers up into my pussy. He had me gasping and moaning as he worked his fat fingers in my tight little hole. My mind reeled as he nibbled and kissed my neck.Softly he whispered, “I love how hot and wet you are.”I was grinding on his fingers as he worked them hard and fast in my pussy.  My body shook wildly as my pussy pulsed, and my juices gushed from deep inside me. My knees buckled. As I collapsed onto the counter, he pulled his fingers out and slid them over my lips and into my panting mouth. I moaned as he pressed them into me and let me taste my juices. He used his other hand to guide his big cock to my pussy, and he thrust in, filling me deeply with one long stroke.“Yes, oh yes, fuck me!” I cried out as he squeezed my slim waist. He pulled his cock out slowly and shoved it back in, driving my hips into the counter.  I love it when he takes control of me that way.  As he takes all the pleasure he needs from me, he is also giving me more love and pleasure than I could imagine.I clamped my tight pussy down around his cock, and he moaned loudly, signaling he was close.  I looked back in panic!  Our fight was about me removing my IUD, and my husband was pounding me, about to flood my body with his seed.I went to put my hand against him to stop and pull out so I could grab his cock and finish him off.  He smiled, took my hand, and pulled it to his chest.  Then he leaned down, said “I love you,” and kissed me deeply. Just then, his cock erupted, shooting his hot cum deep into me. He held it in me, filling me completely and giving his seed a chance to find a home.I started to cry. We had fought last night because he wasn’t sure he wanted a baby.  I know he prayed for an answer last night, and I just received it loud and clear.