This story probably never actually happened, but it could have. We’re a very sexual couple and love to have fun sex. This story just evolved out of the two of us thinking of famous lines from old movies used as double entendres with sexual overtones. We hope you find it a fun read.It was rainy outside; it seemed like a good evening for a movie night. Typically, we’d watch in the living room with the bigger TV and good sound system, but tonight we both felt a little frisky, so we decided to move it to the bedroom. We had a smaller but adequate TV in there, and the bed was more comfortable than the couch. Like always, we had a hard time deciding what movie to watch. But since we knew we would be humping each other before it was half over, we chose an old B movie about college kids on the beach. She figured there would be some cute, shirtless guys, and I hoped to see a few bare breasts.It was the typical corny movie, and after we lay there a little while, me in my boxers and Joy in a pretty, sexy nightshirt, she placed her hand on my thigh and slowly moved it closer to my groin. My cock got harder by the moment. Finally, she pushed her hand up the leg of my boxers, grabbed my balls, and exclaimed, “Goodness gracious, great balls of fire.” (We both love one-liner cliches from old songs and movies.)I quickly responded with, “Say hello to my little friend.”Joy smiled, grabbed my cock, and gave it a loving squeeze. Her nightshirt wasn’t buttoned all the way up, making her breasts look sexy. I knew I was in for a fun time.I pushed her over onto her back and pulled up the tail of her nightshirt, exposing her beautiful, curly pubic hair. We’ve been married a long while and have had sex more times than I can remember, but seeing her pubic hair and pussy split was still a thrill for me. I used a couple of fingers to spread her open and just stared admiringly. Then, in my best Captain Quint voice, I said, “We’re going to need a bigger boat.”Joy giggled and pushed her hips upwards as if offering her pussy to me to take as I wished and said, “I’m going to make you an offer you can’t refuse.”So, I dragged my cock up her thigh, making sure she could feel it as it approached her pussy.As I pushed it slightly into her, she exclaimed, “It’s alive, it’s alive!”!“Release the Kraken!” I replied. Then I shoved it. She winced but smiled and said it felt so huge.“King Kong ain’t got shit on me,” was all I said.For the first few moments, I just lay there with my cock completely inside her pussy; I love to let it soak for a few minutes before getting down to serious business. “There’s no place like home,” I whispered. ButI was horny and ready for a quickie, so I soon began pumping her with rhythmic strokes.Joy pulled my face close to hers and whispered, “Go ahead, make my day.”I picked up the speed and screamed, “I feel the need for speed.” I began wildly banging her pussy. It only took a few minutes.I could tell she had already orgasmed a couple of times before I felt my cum making its way out. Knowing how much she enjoys seeing it shoot out the end of my cock and onto her tummy, I pulled out at the last second and yelled, “Thar she blows!” I shot a pretty good load with several spurts.Marveling at the sight of it, Joy exclaimed, “We’ve got a gusher.”Both done and happy, we returned to our movie. But Joy said we had been pretty loud; she hoped that none of the neighbors had heard us.“Frankly, my dear,” I told her, “I don’t give a damn.” Then, in my best German accent, I said, “I’ll be back,”