They had just had sex the night before, but both A and T were ready for round two. A had texted earlier in the day to see if T was still in the mood.“Sure!” she had answered.A was excited for the back-to-back sexy days. Then a little while later, T texted him again.“Let’s do this one kinky. Go ahead and put the ropes on the bed so I can be tied down for you. Get the vibrator charged, too, and have the attachment ready, but not on it. Let’s give it a try. Also, I want the blindfold.”“Great!” A replied. “It will all be ready!”Little did A know, but T planned to turn the tables on him. About an hour before she was to head home, she texted him again.“I want you to go and shower. Scrub well everywhere.”“OK!” came the enthusiastic reply.“You mean, ‘Yes, Mistress.’”A, realizing now what was happening, responded “Yes Mistress!”As T got to town, she texted again, “Strip naked, put on the handcuffs and blindfold, and lie in bed.”“Yes, Mistress!” A dutifully responded.When she got home, T found her husband just as instructed. She attached each wrist cuff to the headboard and tied each leg spread apart. A’s cock was already getting hard. For a finishing touch, she also put nipple clamps on him. Then she grabbed his ball sack and leaned next to his ear.“I’m going to go shower. Don’t go anywhere,” she told A. Then T slapped his inner thigh just below his tightening balls, just hard enough for it to sting before traipsing off to the bathroom.When she returned, T found that A’s cock had softened a little and lay limp against his leg.“What is this, I wanted this hard when I got back.”She removed the nipple clamps, untied him, and instructed him to kneel face down at the edge of the bed.“You get ten spankings for your cock not being hard. Count out loud.”T’s strokes grew harder and harder with each swat, leaving hand prints on his ass cheeks by the end. When she was finished, she grabbed the wand and sat at the head of the bed.“Come here. Look directly at my pussy. I want you to watch me as I get wet.”A stared as T ran the vibrator over her clit and pussy lips. He could see the moisture starting to build.“You may not move them, but I want your fingers inside of me now!”A quickly slid his fingers inside. Between them and the vibrator on her clit, her orgasm only took a minute to wash over her.“Lay on your back and spread your legs wide,” T next instructed her husband.She grabbedthe attachment for the wand*and popped it over the vibrator. She then applied lube over the part extending from the vibrator. Lying next to him, she dropped lube onto his cock before aiming the tip of the vibrator at his ass hole and slowly applying pressure. After a few moments, the extension easily slid deep into his ass.T turned the vibrator on low and also began slowly working his rock-hard erection. Her hand glided down his shaft and grabbed onto his balls with a tug. Pre-cum began to drip from his cock. Then she moved between A’s legs and tugged his cock toward her. Picking up the speed of her strokes, she also tightened her hand around his shaft. Rocking the handle of the vibrator back and forth, she caused the vibrations inside of his ass to skyrocket.“I want you to cum on my tits,” T demanded, “but only when I tell you to. You can not cum until I say so. Do you understand?”“Yes, Mistress!” A gasped out.But within a moment, he realized he wasn’t going to last long.“Can I cum, Mistress?”“Not yet.”A moment later, he had more urgency in his voice:“Please, Mistress, can I cum?!”“I think you can go longer,” T insisted.A’s hands grabbed the sheets, and his eyes shot open in desperation:“I can’t wait any longer! PLEASE, PLEASE, Mistress!!!”T acquiesced. “Cum for me.”She pulled his cock back toward her as streams of cum shot from his cock onto her chest.A’s eyes went wide as he took in the sight. After the cum stopped shooting from his cock, his wife continued to milk him. She ran her hand up and down his shaft and rocked the vibrator, coaxing every last drop from him.After a couple of minutes, T slowly removed the vibrator from A’s ass.“Was that good for you?” she asked with a gentle smile.“Baby, that—that was amazing!”* Affiliate Link.Full disclosure here.