(L) – This story contains strong language.Sexy Dream Cum True – Day 3We were headed home.  We had already had sex five times in three days, including again this morning before we checked out of our hotel.I had said to Melody when we woke up, “Do ya wanna give me that gorgeous body with those voluptuous tits and caressing cunt one more time before we head home?”“I don’t know,” she said as she palmed and rubbed her breasts through her thin pajama top.  “I’m really sore.”But the passion was still seething as she arched her back and began to REALLY massage her beautiful breasts.  She had headlights through her PJ top, but the top didn’t stay on long.Soon we were kissing and fondling each other.  We made love in our usual exuberant way, but she said her pussy was pretty sore from all the sex we’d been having.  After I came in her pussy she decided she was done for now.  But she thanked me and reassured me that she had had fun, even without cumming.  Nowadays she cums in about 98% of our sex sessions, so this was kinda rare, but I understood why.  We’d made love five times in two days!We packed up, had breakfast, and headed home.Melody drove first.  As she navigated through a canyon, I got to thinking about her flashing me as I drove.  I decided that turnabout was fair play.  I knew that having already been fucked this morning, but not having an orgasm, probably had left her wired.So, I pulled my cock out as Melody drove through the canyon.  Then I leaned my seat 1/2 way back and I started to jack off.  I was putting on the show this time!  Or so I thought.She soon pulled out one breast and immediately started to play with her right nipple.  “How about this view?” she said, then she invited me to join in after baring both boobies.So as I pumped my rod with my right hand, I played with her titty with my other hand.  Melody covered up if a car passed us, but I pretty much played there with her glancing over at my cock from time to time.The low winter sun shined through Melody’s driver-side window and lit up my cock.“Look how cool that looks in the sunlight!” I said.  Then I added perhaps a bit shyly, “Melody, I know maybe this is weird, but lately I’ve really appreciated having a big penis.  I know you’d love me whatever my size of cock, ‘n I’d love you whatever the size of your boobs… but it’s OK to enjoy what we have to share with each other!”“I couldn’t agree more,” she said as she rubbed her D-cup tits. Just like me, her special bits were also beautifully lit up because she had them fully out in the sun as she drove.“Are you wanting this big cock to fuck your pussy again?” I asked.“YES!” came her sultry reply. “I want Tommy’s big cock in my pussy!”  And she rubbed her tits more vigorously!This kind of play and talk went on for an hour.  Sometimes we’d stop the play and put our parts away, only to return to our play a few minutes later.We finally exited the canyon and stopped for gas.  I was going to be driving through the city next.  Before long she again pulled both boobs out, but covered them up loosely with her soft winter coat.  We were now on a freeway with lots of traffic.She leaned back as I fondled her tits under her coat while I was driving.  I kept my hand under the coat and on her tits, stroking her nipples and palming each entire large breast.  But I kept my eyes on the road.In the next canyon she pulled out both of her full luscious boobs again and we did more of the of same.When we got home and into our bedroom, she stripped and invited me to get naked as well.  “Hurry up Tommy!” (Our time was limited because I again had to take grandkids to p.m. gymnastics in an hour.)As I stripped, my overtly sexy bride stood nearby and slid a lump of coconut oil deep up into her pussy.  That was fun to watch.Then, remembering the doggy style sex in my dream, she took me by the hand and led me to the bed.  She kneeled on the edge of the bed, inviting me to fuck her.  She has beautiful buns and her pussy lips were swollen and ready.  I took a moment to admire the sight.“C’mon!” she demanded as she looked sexily back at me and said with a smile, “I want you to fuck my pussy!”So of course I did.  But she was REALLY going to be fucking me back as well!This scene in this true story is what inspired the illustration.  No, my wife isn’t 19 or in her twenties, but during lovemaking sessions, she LOOKS that way to ME!Ramming into her from behind was incredibly erotic!  It felt very familiar because we used to have sex in this position frequently.  She rocked back onto me over and over again as I thrust deep into her love tunnel.  We had a wonderful rhythm going.  Some of the time I’d pause and hold still and she rocked back as she fucked me.  When she did this I felt so loved and so wanted.This modified doggy position facilitated smelling her pheromones, and I think I fucked her even harder because of that!“Do you like feeling my balls slap against your buns while I’m fucking you?” I asked my sexy Melody.“Y-yes, I like it very much!” she said. “Fuck me harder!”Of course I complied, but fortunately I didn’t cum in her in this position, or she might’ve insisted we were done.  After a long, very pleasant time, I pulled out and handed her a vibe.“I don’t need to do this,” she said.  “I’m not going to have another orgasm.”But I knew better this time.  She’d been teasing me and herself by stroking her boobies so much today.  Plus I’d played with her titties a lot in the car too, so I suspected that a Melody orgasm was imminent.  Besides, she’d been thoroughly fucked both this morning and just now.  Being fucked primes her. There was no way she wasn’t close to cumming!  It turned out that I was right.I had her lay on her back and suggested she buzz her clitoris, while I stood by the bed and rubbed my tip on her near nipple. As she started buzzing her clit with her vibrator, I asked, “Does this feel good?” referring to my glans rubbing her nippleClearly it did, but she said, “Yes, but it’s kinda sore.”Of course it was!  The “girls,” AKA her breasts and nipples, had experienced extensive oral and manual stimulation today, yesterday, and the day before—in our own bed, in the car, and in bed at two different hotels!So I leaned over and licked off my precum from her tit, then I laid down next to her and began to gently lick and suck her left tit.  It took all of ten seconds for her personal earthquake to hit.  Melody’s beautiful body tensed up and shook.  Her back arched as if to force her nipple further into my mouth.Rhetorically I asked, with my voice muffled by my lips still on her boob, “Are you cumming?”“Y-yes!” she just managed to gasp out in a sexy and husky whisper.As she began to cum down, I positioned myself on my side with my hard and ready missile targeting her pussy.  I slid easily in and immediately went to pounding her pussy with all I had left.  This was a challenge, but an appreciated challenge!  (We usually have sex in the morning because of my bad heart.)  Even so, my Melody had ME wired off the charts, so when my orgasm finally hit me, it was wave after wave of ecstasy.  As always, it felt so good to fill her pussy with my man-cream again.As we cuddled afterwards, I told Melody that she looked like a sexy, nude 19-year old bride.Knowingly she quipped, “Seen many nude 19-year-olds, have you?”Wryly, I answered, “My first wife was 19.  But making love to and with someone who truly loves me back makes all the difference!”  (Meaning making love WITH my Melody.)  Then I scooped up some of our cum from Melody’s leaking pussy and rubbed it on her nipples, then I gently licked it off.I then said, “You know, I’ve drawn a lot of nude women, and your breasts are second to none!”Melody laughed softly and cuddled closer.We were scientists before retirement, so I’ll say that if we were to graph them, then my orgasms this whole trip have been like S-shaped sine waves!  Only the shape would be like a sine wave that was set high on the Y axis.  So my orgasms were different from sharp peaks of pleasure, but just as intense!  And different is good!Melody had a bunch of excellent orgasms too!  We did not have multiple Os in every session, although that often happens with us in a good sex session.  Maybe those single-orgasm sessions are why we were able to fuck and make love twice a day for three days in a row.Each lovemaking session led to us each having one orgasm each, except for this morning where Melody did not cum, but again, she said she’d had fun.  But we had fucked to my orgasm.  And sharing a fuck makes her primed for a climax.  But not this morning—she was saving it up for later.  And as you have read, more had been to cum on the drive home and when we got home!So, this three day trip had started with me having my erotic dream, then telling my Melody about it.  Now for three days, we’ve had two-a-day sex sessions—mornings and then evenings or afternoons!  Pretty good for a long-term married couple with multiple health issues on a mini-vacation.  We felt like newlyweds!This goes to show that a good marriage can also be a feast of erotic love.  And all those shared erotic experiences create an even tighter bond where the couple truly is one flesh in body and soul!  More than once in our play sessions, both in the car and in the hotels’ bed or in our own bed, I reminded Melody that I loved her kind heart and intelligence first, so I’m allowed to love all parts of her gorgeous, voluptuous body!  Then I had enumerated her body’s characteristics: her smooth porcelain skin, her enchanting brown/hazel eyes, her beautiful boobs with their unique oval areolas, her beautiful flower-like clitoris, her lovely (and tasty) labia, and her pulsating pussy!And I can tell you that I love my wife more than ever.  I again told her that being married to her was winning the lottery of life!  But the lottery is about chance, and what weactuallyare is not lucky, but greatly blessed, and we are so grateful to God.  In fact, our sex-charged reality was far better than the erotic dream that triggered three days of passion!Finally, I gotta say that writing about our sexcapades is great because I get to relive them in my mind as I write.  I read them to my wife and she can relive the experience in her mind too.  Keeping a sex journal was recommended by a therapist years ago.  It was a good suggestion.  I can go back in time and read about the amazing, erotic experiences that my Melody and I have shared, and I feel such gratitude to her and to the Lord for placing us together!Posting our stories on Marriage Heat has hopefully been inspiring to others.  We want others to know that even with advancing age and health challenges, sex and lovemaking can be even more fulfilling as time goes on in a happy, committed, monogamous marriage.