This post contains strong language (L) and briefly mentions anal play (A).My hot Jamaica vacation story continues following an intense sex session. My wife Patty had learned that a work friend of mine and his wife had spotted her poolside at our convention hotel and shared their appreciation for her body, unaware they were talking to her husband!Confused? Seepart one.” So, what’s your plan for tomorrow, my creamy little slut,” I asked Patty as she returned to bed after a well-needed shower. Only ten minutes before, she’d wiped loads of my cum all over her face and melons, and I helped with anything she missed. The residue turned white and flaky, necessitating a good scrub.“I think we should invite Kyle and Tara for a drink late tomorrow in the adult jacuzzi. From what you told me, they might enjoy a little display between husband and wife. I made it clear that we don’t spouse swap or anything like that, but maybe we’ll inspire some hot action between them later.”The arrangements were made at lunch, and that evening, we went down to a light outdoor buffet for dinner. The cool breezes washed every pore on our bodies as we relaxed and enjoyed each other. Patty had on a pair of very short pink shorts and a small halter top that tried but failed to contain her breasts. They nearly fell out every time she reached for something on our table. She commanded attention, and I couldn’t help but notice that she moved things back and forth just for display.“I don’t see Kyle and Tara anywhere,” Patty said. “Maybe they’re in their room, “taming the beast” in anticipation of our get-together.” Her sultry smile said that she liked thinking about that. “I hope they’re still horny when we show them how hot we are together.”It was still an hour before we were supposed to meet the other couple, so we went back to our room. Patty had me eat her to max creaminess and asked me to work her nipples harder than ever—”till they are able to poke your eyes out,” she said with a naughty laugh.So, I did as I was told, and she got my cock hard as a rock by executing one of her famous blowjobs. She stopped short of my cumming but promised she would make it up to me. “Now put on that tiny Speedo suit I got you. I want everyone to see your unbelievable package on the way. And when we get to the tub, Tara will see how lucky I am to be married to a stud like you.”Patty wore the same tiny bikini that only covered her areoles and clearly showed her that her pubic area was waxed. To say she looked hot is a terrible understatement. As we approached the tub, I stole a glance at her from behind. Her suit bottom was completely hidden between her ass cheeks!Tara and Kyle were waiting for us. Their eyes, behind their champagne glasses, were fixed on us as they soaked in the bubbles.“Hi, guys,” Patty greeted them.I took a step down to enter the tub, and as I did, my still-stiff cock shifted slightly and formed a mini-tent under my Speedo.“Honey, you’re hanging out again,” Patty said as she dropped her towel.“No, he’sfinethe way he is,” Tara said with a smile, and Patty chuckled while I readjusted under the water.When Patty settled into the tub, her top drifted with the force of the water jets, and both tits were totally exposed for a few seconds as she made a half-hearted effort to cover herself. I thought Kyle’s eyes would pop out of their sockets.After soaking and chatting for a while, Patty leaned forward with her eyes closed. “Ah, this warm water is so intense. Honey, rub my back, please?”As I stood, my suit clung to my meat and outlined its shape, so I moved fast to get behind her.As I was massaging her back, Kyle said, “That looks to be a high-maintenance body.”“No doubt,” Tara chimed in. “I’m guessing she gets all the attention she needs, and that’s a very good thing!”Patty looked up at me and said, “Now my chest, please.”My hands left her back and cupped both of her beautiful breasts. “Hope you two aren’t offended by this,” I said as I began tweaking her nipples.“Are you kidding?” Tara said, “Kyle is about to massage me, too. Right, honey?”Needing no further prompting, Kyle pushed Tara’s bikini top up and released two very nice tits into his palms.“Nice rack!” Patty declared. “Now get aggressive, please, Jimmy—you know what I like.” That was my cue to twist her nipples very hard, causing a little pain and stretching her areoles to the max. “Ohhh,” she cried, “that feels so fucking good!”“I am going to blow a gasket,” Kyle said. “Honey, please do what you told me you wished you could. Do it right now!”We never could have predicted what happened next: Kyle stood and Tara removed his suit to free a decent-size cock. I guess it felt pretty safe to do so because the water came to just below his hips and Tara’s head blocked the line of sight from the entry gate. Without even a glance around, Tara began sucking her husband, her face just above the surface. Kyle took her arm and pulled her toward him in time with his thrusts.“Oh, my, here I cum,” he declared. “Be sure to swallow it all; thisisa public tub!”With a small cough, Tara freed his spent cock and handed him his shorts. “Very nice, big boy,” she said.Patty’s next words were a surprise to everyone, including me. “Sorry, but we better get going. Jimmy and I have an early day tomorrow,” she declared.Kyle and Tara were startled. “You sure?” Tara said, “We were going to have you stop by our suite for a nightcap; you really have to go?”Patty answered as she pulled her top back into place. “You said it yourself, sweetie. This body requires a lot of attention, and now is the time.” When we were both out of the tub, she surreptitiously slipped a finger inside her covered pussy to scoop out some fresh cream and brought it to my lips.Here’s a little taste of what’s to cum, my love,” she said as Tara and Kyle watched. Then turning to them, she said, “Maybe we’ll see you two in the morning?”A few minutes later in our room, Patty and I began a marathon fuck session. She whispered while I was lapping up her sweet cream and fingering her asshole, “I think I may have been shown up! My goal was to lay it on thick so they could get super horny and fuck like rabbits while fantasizing about what we are doing now!”“Oh, I think you accomplished your mission,” I said, and returned tomymission: multiple orgasms for her!