What a day it had been! It was just one of those days that nothing goes right. Tom had texted me to see if I wanted to go out to dinner that evening. I told him about what was going on at work, and I wasn’t even sure when I would get home. My suggestion was that we should just eat in, as I was sure I would be too tired to go out when I got home.Well, unbeknownst to me, he actually did have some plans which totally surprised me because he almost never plans ahead. It had been a couple weeks since we had a chance to be intimate. Which wasn’t anything really unusual. As I was usually the one to start things but there had been so much going on we had just been too tired.But what was so great about this is, this time … HE WANTED ME!!!So, I had just walked in the house from a long day at work. Tom came to greet me at the door and before I could put my purse and phone down, he pushed me up against the wall and kissed me hard, with some aggression (HOT!) He paused for a moment to look at me as I was still in the state of shock as he had never done this before. He kissed me again and started taking my blouse off revealing my new, dark red bra. I started to protest, but he just ignored me as he continued to kiss me and run his finger up and down my cleavage, sending chills up my spine.His kisses then moved down to my neck and along my collarbone. Mmmmm. He turned me around to face the wall and grabbed my breasts as he pressed himself up against me. I could feel his hot breath on my neck. He unhooked my bra and pushed it off and started squeezing my breasts and pinching my nipples. My knees were weak. I reached behind and grabbed his dick. He moaned, then turned me back around and continued squeezing my breasts. Then he leaned down and started licking and sucking on my nipples. Mmmm. Mmmmm. Mmm!We continued to kiss as we stumbled down the hallway to our bedroom. There, he pushed me on the bed and slowly pulled off my skirt and panties, lightly caressing the inside of my thighs.  He then kissed his way back up my legs. Kissing, licking, and caressing my thighs until he reached (GASP!) MMMMMMmmmmm.  My back arched as he went to work with his tongue on my pussy. I thought I was going to loose my mind as his tongue circled my clit over and over. OH YES! YES! YES! BABY! AHHHHH!!!! He wouldn’t let up and  I came. SO. HARD. I barely had time to catch my breath and he undid his pants and pounded my pussy with his dick to two more orgasms!He leaned forward and kissed me, and I kissed him back and smiled. I helped him take his shirt off so we were skin to skin. We switched places so he was lying on the bed.  I climbed on top of him and gave him a big sloppy wet, long kiss. My juices taste so good on him. Then I worked my way down kissing and licking and making sure I rubbed my breasts over his dick before I devoured it.He squirmed a little, as I lightly licked the top of his cock head and then down his shaft. I put my lips all the way around his head and slowly pulled up and let it  “pop” out of my mouth. Then I did it again going down further and back up, “pop”. He was really enjoying himself! I went up and down quickly several times and stopped. And suddenly down I went again, this time all the way down, and I moved my tongue around (he really liked that!) and came back up slowly, “pop”. I decided to stop and good that I did because he was getting close to blowing his load! Not sure I had ever edged him before. After he relaxed for a few minutes, and was no longer in danger of cuming, I got on top of him, cowgirl style.I climbed on top, and moved a certain way, and in he went. OHHHHH, that felt so good! I positioned myself just right, and started grinding my hips, so I was in full control! Then he moved his hips up, and OH, how that changed things! It helped his dick rub the right spot, leading me to soak his balls and our bed, and sent me into a crazy ecstasy! I almost lost all control, and could not get enough!!!After several more soaking orgasms, I was spent. I don’t know how he held on after I had edged him for so long, but he did. We went a little longer so he could finish, and then I just collapsed on him. Completely satisfied. Wanted. Fully Loved. I said a quiet thank you to God for this man I call my husband, and fell asleep.We never did have dinner.