This post contains strong language (L).Oh, the nerve of that man! I still can’t believe what he whispered in my ear as we were leaving the executive marketing meeting last evening.“I’ll be stopping by your office late tomorrow. Lose your panties.”Can you fucking believe it?!Who in the hell does he think he is, addressing me that way? I don’t even fucking know him! Okay, well I may have made eye contact with him for a few seconds, but we never addressed each other whatsoever. God knows a quick look at his tall frame and his mid-region is no big damn deal, right?And I wasn’t exactly trolling for cock at the meeting, you know; I was working hard!  I get that my dress may have been a little revealing, but having big tits doesn’t translate to an open invitation to screw me. Hell, I’m a married woman, and Jim has everything I need for a satisfying fuck—which I admit, I could really use right now…It was a good thing Jim was in the mood to screw me that evening because I jumped his bones as soon as he walked in the door. By the time he reached the living room, I had all eight inches of his thick cock stuffed down my throat. All I needed then was a good hard fuck to get that asshole from my meeting out of my mind, and I sure did get it. I can still feel his balls slapping rhythmically against my ass, along with his hard spanking that brought me to an incredible double orgasm, something I rarely achieve anymore.Hmmmm, I wonder if… nah, no way that could have caused it.—Okay, so at 5:30, I was in my office a little later than usual. But it sure as hell wasn’t what you’re thinking; the asshole wasn’t keeping me there. No way! Just a couple more things to do and I’d be outta there!Alright, so maybe I was curious about what the hell he wanted, so I gave him ten more minutes to show up just so I could tear the asshole a new one.Then a knock…”I knew you couldn’t resist—and I’m betting you granted the request I whispered in your ear.”“You’re dreaming, you pompous ass. Who in the hell do you think you are?” I shouted, shaking with anger.“I’ll tell you who I think I am: I’m the guy whose cock you dreamed about sucking after your head hit the pillow last night. And if you followed my whispered request, I may just make your dream come true.””You must be fucking nuts. Get the hell out of my office and never come back,” I demanded as I moved back towards my chair.“Tell you what,” he said as he stood across my desk, staring down at me. “I’m just going to check out one thing before I leave.” With that, he reached over my desk, pulled open the top drawer, and grabbed something I had placed there an hour or so earlier—My panties! (I’m so fucking busted!)“Mmmm, very nice… and they smell very nice too,” he said as he made his way around my desk and stood right in front of me, staring down at my chest. (Okay, well, I may have left a couple of buttons undone.) “Shall we stop the game now? You can just admit you would love to suck my cock, and I’ll allow you to,” he said with an evil smile.Admittedly, I guess I was a little turned on by this mysterious guy, and Ididdream a little last night. And, okay, my pussy was wet when I woke this morning—and yeah, I slipped my panties off and laid them in my top desk drawer because they were getting damper as the end of the day drew closer…“Did you lock your office door?” he asked.”Uh, I always keep it locked,” I replied.”Yeah, right,” he said. “Now that’s bullshit. You locked it because you really hoped my whisper would lead to some serious fucking, now didn’t you?“Wow, you really need to get over yourself. You couldn’t be more wrong,” I said as he slowly opened his belt, unfastened and dropped his pants, and laid them on top of my desk.(Holy shit, now what…)He then stood me up from my chair so we stared eye to eye. Placing his hands on my shoulders, he pushed me down to my knees.“I now give you permission to do what you’ve been fantasizing about, Patty. Go ahead, go for it.”As this cocky bastard was talking, I was staring inches away from a considerable bulge in his bikini underwear, still on my knees. (I was just relaxing there, you know.)“Well, fuck it then; never mind,” he declared while reaching for his pants.Decision time…In a matter of seconds, I yanked down his briefs and had his big, thick, and beautifully long cock in my mouth, devouring every inch like a cock-starved slut. As I cupped his balls and throated him, he let out a moan of satisfaction.“I just knew you were a super cocksucker the first time I saw you in the meeting. You kept crossing and recrossing your legs and licking your lips while letting your tits breathe by shifting your blouse. Time now for a closer look at that world-class rack of yours.”With that, he reached down and pulled out my blouse enough that he could grab my breasts and pinch my nipples with his large, firm hands.“What a set of tits you have,” he moaned almost breathlessly. “Soon, I’ll let you decide if you want my big, warm load down your throat or all over those prize tits.”I was so fucking turned on I really didn’t care where he shot his load. Back when he began grabbing my swollen tits, I had reached down under my skirt and wiped a puddle of my cream in my palm while working my sopping wet cunt into a frenzy with all my fingers. It was smoking hot, almost as hot as this unbelievable cock I was devouring.”Okay, baby, it’s time,” he declared. “Where do you want my load?”My turn…“I’ll tell you where I want that load,” I said as I freed his stiff shaft from my mouth and rose to bend over my desk, hiking my skirt up to my waist. “It’s my turn now, you cocky prick. Show me if you really know how to use that mighty tool of yours! Give it to me, I need all of it! Fuck my wet pussy hard and deep. Plow me like you did in my dream last night! That’s right, I did dream about you plowing me and about feasting on what I knew would be a delicious cock!”My words came to a screeching halt as he thrust his cock right through me from behind, and I felt him fill every crevice of my cunt. I immediately launched into a shocking orgasm, and I just knew there would be more.”Fffffuuuuucccckkkk,” he screamed as he slapped me hard on the ass and followed with a very firm twist and pull on my nipples, which brought me to one of the most powerful orgasms of my entire life. I could actually feel his ropes of cum splash inside me until his moaning finally stopped and I began to level out from my level of intensity.Then, as he lay atop me, still hovering over my desk at a 90-degree angle, my husband Jim whispers in my ear, “Thanks for the best fantasy fuck ever!”