On a few occasions, my wife has gone braless out in public.  She is most likely to go braless when we are going out to a nice restaurant.  Interestingly, she is then more likely to go without panties also. There have also been times that she has essentially gone braless by wearing a bra with nipple cutouts or wearing a shelf bra; either way, her luscious full nipples were poking into her top.  My wife’s breasts are large and all-natural; she wears a 34G bra and looks full-breasted whether she is wearing a bra or not.  I think they look fabulous whenever she is topless or just wears a thin cami top, but especially so when she is braless under a top or a dress out in public. I always tell her how beautiful and sexy she looks.For our most recent trip to Vegas, I challenged my wife to go braless the entire time, and she agreed to do it. For the plane ride, she chose her expensive sexiest black bra which separates her breasts quite nicely, and then just wore a black sheer print top over it.  She also wore this on the plane return flight and all the time in the airport—sexiness without being too naughty.My wife packed a very thin, light-colored print dress with spaghetti straps which normally requires a strapless bra under it.  On our first night there, she surprised me by wearing the dress without a bra and with only thong panties underneath. Oh, how sexy she looked when we went out for dinner on the strip to a very fine restaurant. After a few glasses of wine at dinner, we were ready for a night out in Vegas. I wanted her to walk the strip in this dress as she was absolutely sexy gorgeous.But I knew the heels she was wearing would not be comfortable for her walking so much, so we decided to go back to our hotel room and change into something more casual and then walk to a bar. I convinced her to change to a black cotton crop top that only had string ties across the back. If you looked carefully from the front you might notice that her nipples were poking into fabric.She then surprised me (again) when she removed the thong and reached for a pearl G-string.  I watched with extreme excitement as she opened her legs to pull up the G-string and then nestled the strand of faux pearls in between her parted labia; her completely shaven vagina was now gloriously decorated.  Next, she pulled on some tight-fitting jeans, and I knew those jeans on top of her pearl-laden labia were going to lead to lots of stimulation just from walking or trying to sit.Oh, how sexy my wife looked to me, especially knowing what was and wasn’t there underneath her jeans and top. She thought she looked sexy too and texted a few pictures of herself to one of her girlfriends to whom she also revealed that she was going braless during our trip. (This post is about her being braless on this Vegas trip, but I have to add that when we got back to our hotel later that evening from the bar, we made love—the wonderous wild steamy hot kind—three times during the night!)Before our trip to Vegas, I purchased two sexy tops for my wife which were backless and tight-fitting.  Backless meant no bra, and tight meant a little support and nipples poking into the material. I selected print tops so that her nipples and large areolas would be obvious in public only to me.  You could not tell that she was not wearing a bra from the front because of how her breasts filled these tops—unless you saw them jiggle some when she walked or looked very closely for her nipples poking.  I also bought her a necklace that had a long strand in the back with some beads to make her bare back appear even more sexy.The second night, we went to a concert, and my wife wore one of these backless tops.  Oh, how sexy she looked, and in the right lighting you could see that the top was a little sheer! On our last night, she wore the other backless top to dinner. I cannot believe how sexy she looked again.After dinner that last night, we went back to the room before a late-night show, and my wife changed into an incredibly sexy top we bought at a store on the strip.  It was a loose-fitting thin black satin short top with spaghetti straps and the words Vegas in sparkles across the front. The back was sheer, so it was very obvious that she was not wearing a bra. She looked so sexy in that top with no bra and a pair of skin-tight leather pants—this time with no panties.I can’t wait for our next trip to Vegas to see how much more she can surprise me with sexy dressing.  I am so fortunate that my lovely wife is experimenting more with going braless in public, especially here in our own city.  And this is even more exciting as we are entering the cooler months.  I love my wife, and I believe she is both beautiful and sexy.What about you, MHers? Do you have any experience with the secret sexiness of being “naked under your clothes?” Does the idea of going braless/commando turn you on? Would being away from home in a more relaxed environment make you more likely to experiment with more risqué outfits for the stimulation of your spouse’s libido? We look forward to your comments.