This post contains strong language (L).I am so blessed to be married to such a wonderful, kind-hearted, and spiritual man as my husband, Ben. He is the best man, husband, lover, and father to our children that I could have ever hoped for. Ben is always there to support me in anything I may do and comfort me when I am not feeling well or upset. He is a Godsend to me, and I couldn’t be more thankful.We have had many ups and downs in our marriage, just like any married couple. There was a time when we even considered divorce. But our love for one another was strong, and we weathered the storm with the good Lord’s help.Other than our love for the Lord, each other, and our children, the one thing that has remained consistent in our marriage is our sex life. We still desire each other immensely and fit together perfectly. We continually look for ways to please each other in and out of bed. Satisfying each other’s sexual needs has always been a major priority in our marriage.Ben and I are both nudists, as many of you may know by now, and we love it. No, we haven’t visited any nudist resorts or beaches as of yet; we only practice our nudism in the privacy of our own little love nest.We are lucky in that both of us have high sex drives, which is unusual in most marriages, I believe. We both love sex, whether it be PIV, oral, anal, or masturbation ( alone or together).One Saturday afternoon, Ben and I came home from shopping and running a few errands. After putting most of the stuff away, Ben walked over,  put his arms around me, and kissed me. The first kiss was quick and sweet; the second was longer and much more passionate.“What do you say we go to bed?”  Ben asked, then kissed me again as his hand squeezed my ass.“Sounds good to me! Why don’t you lock the front door while I go pee!” I replied, then gave him another brief kiss.It had been a few days since the last time we had sex, and I was more than willing to share in some afternoon delight. So, after finishing my business in the bathroom, I removed my clothes and walked nude into our bedroom.Ben was standing beside the bed in only his socks and half-open shirt. His cock was partially erect when I walked over and finished unbuttoning his shirt. Then I kissed him deeply, and our tounges met as I grasped his cock and felt it harden.“Mmmm, baby, I love you so much! I so need you!” I said as I kissed him and began to kiss my way down his body, enjoying every square inch of him.“I love you too, my beautiful and hot wife!” Ben replied as he removed his shirt and tossed it aside.Gazing lovingly at his erection, I took it in hand and slowly stroked it, feeling its firmness. Then I gave him a smile and gently kissed his dickhead before taking him into my mouth.Ben groaned slightly, watching with his hands on his hips as I proceeded to suck his dick. I so love sucking his dick—feeling his hard cock in my hand and mouth.“Baby, why don’t you get on the bed?” Ben said as he nudged my head away from his cock.I rose to my feet and kissed his lips, our tounges meeting for a quick moment, then lay across the bed and opened my legs. My hand drifted between them, and I began to rub my clit. My cunt was wet with anticipation as I looked upon my husband, his cock rock hard.Ben pulled me to the edge of the bed and began to run his cockhead along the moistened lips of my cunt. A smile crossed his lips as he watched me rub my clit.“You look so hot, baby! So damn beautiful!” He said as he continued to tease me with his cock.“I love you! I love you so much! ” I replied, my voice mixed with my now heavy breathing as I continued to jill off.I gasped as I felt him slip the head of his dick inside me for only a second before he pulled it back out. Rubbing my clit faster, I soon felt my orgasm start to build.“You’re such a tease! I love it!” I panted, then my body clenched in orgasm. “I’m cumming! Baby, I’m cumming!” I cried as my body convulsed and my juices expelled from my cunt.Ben dropped to his knees and began to lap up my juices. His mouth and tongue devoured every square inch of my pulsating pussy. I moaned and panted in pleasure as my mind and body gave in to the orgasmic waves that washed over me.He continued eating my pussy, running his tongue in and around its lips. He flicked his tongue over my clit, then sucked on it, bringing me to yet another orgasm. I swear, it felt like one long continuous orgasmic wave ravaged my body. I was delirious with pleasure.Ben then rose and slowly entered me, his dick stretching and filling me so delightfully. I groaned and began to work my hips.“No, don’t move, baby! Just lie still,” Ben said, then began to slowly thrust in and pull almost all the way out, then go back in deep. With every downstroke, he worked his hips in a screw-like motion, then slowly pulled back again.” Oh, God! Baby, yes! I love that! Give it to me! Soooo good!” I panted as my hands gripped the sheet. I couldn’t help but rotate my hips to meet his.Pulling my legs up and placing my feet on his shoulders, he began to thrust, slow and deep. His balls slapped against my ass as he fucked me. I came again.“Yes, baby! Yes! Fuck me! Give it to me! Fuck me!” I panted and squealed.“You want it, baby?” Ben said, pulling back, then pushing in so deep it caused me to cry out.“Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Fuck me, you bastard!” I squealed as another orgasmic wave came over me.Ben began to thrust faster, pounding me deep as almost animalistic grunts and groans escaped him.“Your pussy feels so good! So hot and wet!” Ben growled as he fucked me.“You make it that way, baby! You bring out the woman in me! Oh, God! Baby, I love you so fucking much!” I  moaned as I reached between my legs and began to rub my clit as he fucked me.“Turn over!” Ben bellowed, pulling his cock from my pussy. He assisted me as I turned over on my hands and knees. “Put your feet on the floor!” he said, then smacked my ass.I squealed, then did as he said, propping my elbows on the bed and slightly spreading my legs.“Damn, you have such a beautiful ass!” Ben said, then gave my ass a stinging yet sensuous smack on both ass cheeks.“Fuck! Baby!” I cried out as I felt him push into me and begin to fuck me. His thumb tickled my asshole.“You like that, my little slut? Like getting fucked, don’t you. Such a hot fuck you are!” Ben groaned.“Yesssss! Fuck me! I love how you fuck me with your big cock! Fuck me, Fuck meeeee!” I squealed as I came again, my legs quivering“I’m gonna cum! Gonna fill your hot cunt with my cum! Shit!” Ben groaned.“Do it! Fill me with your cum! Cum inside me, baby; do it!” I replied breathlessly.“Fuck!” I heard Ben exclaim as his dick pulsed and released his nut juice deep inside me.With his cock still inside me and semi-erect, he slowly continued to fuck me until I came once more. He then pulled out, and we both lay on the bed, satisfied and a bit exhausted. To say I was a little cum drunk would be an understatement.I snuggled up close to him and lay my head on his chest; I could hear his heart beating. I felt so safe and content—not to mention so very in love.The man in him definitely does bring out the woman in me and always will. ❤️