This post is a combination of a discussion question and a sexy story!To introduce the topic, here’s the question: What is the most recent new sexual activity you’ve tried?Here’s what I remember of our most recent new experience.The most recent “first” I can recall would be my wife masturbating. She had not—at least to my knowledge and experience—brought herself to an orgasm before. She had relied on me to apply lube to her “love tunnel” in the past, and had become accustomed to me massaging her clit until she had a few orgasms.We learned by her getting off before I enter her that several things happen. Her private parts become swollen from excitement during foreplay. As they become swollen, they also become more sensitive. Though they are engorged, it also seems her love tunnel relaxes a bit, so when I enter her for PIV activity, there is less friction on my member. Because of that, I can last longer while thrusting before ejaculating.I asked her, once we began our warm up ritual of kissing and fondling her breasts, to apply lube to herself.With a little encouragement from me, she started doing this. I told her to be sure to get some lube inside her.I noticed her reactions and coached her to continue touching herself in the way that made her feel good. I explained that there was no way I could touch her exactly how firmly or softly it felt best to her, or in exactly the place it felt best to her to be touched. There was also the question of how fast or slow I should move my fingers as her excitement built. I told her that she was the best one to determine the best speed. I also told her I was extremely turned on by watching her reaction to her activity.I let her know that I wanted to see her come—hard—and instructed her to keep rubbing her clit as she came. I believe she had one of the strongest orgasms she’d had in some time. As she continued to ride her orgasm from one to the next, she expelled some fluid. It was very hot to watch, and we had some very pleasurable PIV activity afterwards.Now, after experiencing this, she has no hesitation applying lube to herself and having a few quick orgasms in the process.I may have posted about this in an earlier post, so as an update, I can say she has continued to follow the practice of applying lube to herself, and enjoying a few “warm-up” orgasms before I get in on the action, to both of our enjoyment.This new activity has definitely benefitted our sex life! To turn the question back to you: What is the most recent new sexual activity you’ve tried, and what were the results?