As I carry my new bride over the threshold, her body and lips tremble against mine.“I’m scared,” Tammi whispers as I set her on her feet.“So am I.” I kiss her soft, full lips, then down her cheek to her neck.Tammi moans. Her hand goes to the back o my head and holds me tight to her neck, the most delicate and sensitive part of her body. As I continue nibbling and kissing, her legs wobble, and she goes heavy in my arms. Her breathing quickens.I stop and pull back. Our eyes lock, hers full of love and apprehension.“Turn around,” I tell her.She pulls her long hair off her back as I kiss her nape and shoulders. My hands leave her waist and start unfastening the numerous buttons of her mermaid wedding dress till I can touch her smooth back. I trace her spine with my fingertips until it disappears into the white gossamer folds at her hips. Then, I turn her around, and when our eyes meet, she crosses her arms across her chest and pushes the straps down, displaying her beautiful breasts to me for the first time. Naked, they seem larger than they ever had under her clothes.Tenderly, I reach out to caress her face. She, in turn, kisses my palm while maintaining her gaze. Neither of us has ever had sex, only experiencing brief self-pleasure and never with porn. But our actions, though tentative and uninformed, are directed by our heavenly Father and instinct.I let my hand trail down, and the other joins it to cup her breasts. Tammi moans and falls into my hands. We have left our parents; it is God’s will for us to unite and become one flesh. And once He has joined us, we are determined that no one will break us apart.Tammi’s hands cover mine as they squeeze her breasts, and I quote the words I’ve memorized for this moment from Song of Songs, Chapter 7:“How beautiful you are and how pleasing, my love, with your delights!Your stature is like that of the palm, and your breasts like clusters of fruit.I said, ‘I will climb the palm tree; I will take hold of its fruit.’May your breasts be like clusters of grapes on the vine, the fragrance of your breath like apples,and your mouth like the best wine.”Tonight we will submit to one another out of reverence for Christ.Tammi steps back from me and wiggles as she pushes her dress down over the swell of her pear-shaped hips and butt. She is a pure vision of beauty. I remove my jacket, and Tammi comes close again to unbutton my shirt, pushes it off my body, and runs her hands lightly over my toned chest and abs. Then she grabs my belt and looks up as she unfastens it and my pants; they fall to the floor. My penis already tents my boxers straight out against her belly.Looking down, Tammi gasps, and when she looks back up, the apprehension fills her face again. I push my boxers off, then take her hand and curl her fingers around my penis. We both moan. Tammi looks down to see how my member fills her palm, and I move her hand back and forth on my shaft. Then I let go and let her experience the power she has over me on her own. But this first touch of her hand is almost too much, so I soon grab her hand to avoid cumming all over her.“Did I do something wrong?”“No, no. It’s just… if you keep doing that so good, I’m going to cum all over you,” I explain.“But I want you to take all your pleasure in me! Nothing will bring me greater pleasure than to feel and know your pleasure.”Tami lies down on the bed and spreads her legs, and her smooth, puffy pussy glistens as with dew. Her inner lips open like a beautiful flower. She holds her arms out, welcoming me into her, and wraps them around me when I join her.“Take me, make me your woman, your wife.” Tammi’s words tickle my ear As I slowly push into her pussy. It isn’t easy. She moans as I stretch her pussy; she is so tight that I wonder if I’ll fit at all. When I reach her barrier, she screams and pulls my head down to her neck. I know I’ll hurt her; I hate that I’ll hurt her, but nothing can prevent it.“Take me.” Tammi kisses me hard as I thrust down into her sex, opening her. Her scream echoes in the room as I lie down on top of her, my penis entirely inside. Her legs and arms squeeze around me, pressing me even harder into her, and she shakes.This new tightness around me is more than my inexperience can bear. I groan, my penis jumps, and cum shoots out in long, hard streams deep into her sex. We both cry, and I feel her body quivering under mine.When I roll off her, she lays her head on my chest, and I stroke her arm and side until she drops off to sleep. I lay there a while longer, thanking the Lord for the blessing of my wife and sex with her and looking forward to waking up to her naked beside me.