A game (or perhaps dare) idea for a wife who wants to bless her husband by treating him to finding her naked when he arrives home—though the game could probably be adapted by a husband wanting to greet his wife naked.How to playYou will need 1 six-sided die.Roll a die for each ‘roll’, then do the associated task.  Generally, rolling a ‘1’ allows you to ‘skip’ that section, and the tasks become more intense as the number increases.  If you roll a 6, roll again.  If you roll another 6, do the ‘D6’ (double-6) option.  Otherwise, do the ‘6’ option.You can always skip a section if it doesn’t appeal to you or your husband.Pre-roll: Make the game more intense?1-4: No5: If you roll a ‘1’, do the ‘2’ task instead6: Add 1 to all your rollsD6: Add 2 to all your rollsIf you’re adding 1 or 2 to your rolls and roll a 6, count that as a double 6Roll 1: Trim/shave your pubic hair1: No2: Light trim or tidy up, removing about a quarter3: Significant trim or tidy up, removing about a half4: Trim or shave most of your pubic hair, leaving no more than a quarter5-6: Remove all of your pubic hairD6: Ask him to shave you, or alternatively have a waxRoll 2: Spread your legs when he arrives?1: No2:  Spread your legs a little (perhaps several inches apart at the knees) to give him a hint of what’s between them3: Spread your legs a lot (perhaps 1-2 feet apart at the knees) to give him a good view of what’s between them4: Spread your legs as far apart as you comfortably can to give him an explicit view of what’s between5-6: Spread your legs as far apart as you comfortably can and additionally spread your labia so he can see absolutely everythingD6: As 6, and invite him in to take a close lookRoll 3: Start/let him find you masturbating?1: No2-4: Yes5-6: Yes, using a toyD6: Yes, and orgasm in front of himRoll 4: Ask him to spank you?1: No2-3: A few gentle spanks4-5: 5-10 spanks just hard enough to sting a little6: 10-20 spanks just hard enough to leave your bottom a little pinkD6: 20 spanks with an implement, hard enough to leave your bottom obviously pink, but without being so hard to bruise, be unpleasant or otherwise unsexy.Roll 5: Put some food on your body1: No2: A small quantity of one food/condiment (e.g. a couple of squirts of squirty cream)3-4: A moderate quantity of at least two foods/condiments (e.g. several squirts of squirty cream and some runny sauce)5-6: A large quantity of at least three foods/condiments (e.g. some dessert, cream, sauce…)D6: Prepare a selection of foods/condiments and ask your husband to put them on your bodyRoll 6:Ask him forsex?You can propose (or let him propose) another intimate activity if you (he) prefer(s)1: No2-3: Yes, position/activity of your choice4-6: Yes, position/activity of his choiceD6: Yes, position/activity of his choice.  Additionally, give him a coupon that he can redeem for having sex at some point in the futureRoll 7: Stay naked afterwards?1: No2: At least 1 hour3: At least 2 hours4: Rest of the morning/afternoon/evening (about 4 hours)5: At least until the following morning (i.e. sleep naked)6: At least 24 hoursD6: At least 24 hours.  Additionally, give him a coupon that he can redeem for you giving him a stripteaseHave fun, and let us know what you roll and how you get on!