A Cold Day Indeed Means a Wee Peen in NeedHere follows another favorite memory snippet from an early decade of our marriage. This one recounts a home-based experience. Plausible details are added to flesh out the narrative while remaining true to my actual memory of the experience. The core of the story is factual. Themes: Spontaneity, HumorOnce, on a very cold day in winter, I came inside from sledding all afternoon. We lived in snow country, and I’d been chaperoning a nearby church youth outing. Did I mention that it was cold? Single digit cold. And that’s not counting the breeze. Oh Lord, it was BITTER.I wore long underwear and lots of other layers, but such cold is persistent and nosy. It snoops around for weak spots, attacks them, and sucks the heat out of your body little by little. I came inside from hours of cold, desperate to ditch clothing and thaw out under a good hot shower.I found my sweetheart in our bedroom sorting laundry. The kids were downstairs playing. Even so, I closed the door behind me to undress, and started peeling off my layers of clothing. As I peeled, I tossed garments onto their proper pile on the floor as she pointed them out.“Wow! My skin feels fiery, but I feel numb at the same time!” I exclaimed.“Uh-huh,” she smiled. “I remember feeling that way one time when I was really cold.”Already naked on top, I slid my long underwear and briefs to my ankles in one motion. Lifting my left foot from the collapsed leg holes, I kicked the garments into the air. My other foot caught and then distributed them in their proper piles. Only socks to go before I could scoot down the hall to the bathroom and that wonderful hot shower!Before I moved, I looked down—it was only a glance.“What the…?!!”I had to laugh at the strange sight of my manliest part, that is, what I could SEE of him. My poor little peen – and I do mean LITTLE – decided a change of address was in order. If I was going to abuse him with such freezing temps as I’d forced him to endure, he’d move. He’d fled his usual quarters in the basement of my underwear for a nice warm retreat deep inside my body. Somewhere up around my stomach, I think. He would have remained outside with his two pals in their swing sack. But they too had hightailed it for warmer parts. Their once supple dangling nest now resembled nothing so much as the half shell of a large walnut. Firm, tight, and furrowed.My shivering penis was a gray gumdrop stuck to my pubic bone, above the fleshy walnut shell bump clinging grudgingly to my groin. OK, maybe a half inch of the gumdrop’s pedestal was still outside my body, but only because it hadn’t persuaded its little gray friend on the tip to come all the way in where it was warm.Truly, I hadn’t seen myself that small since puberty moved into the neighborhood and upsized everything many years before.Neither, apparently, had my suddenly grinning wife.A mischievous smile lighting her face, my inquisitive love bunny stepped around the clothes to inspect the surprising sight closely.“Wow, you really ARE little, aren’t you?” she chortled. She bent low and nudged a knuckle under Mr. Gumdrop to lift him for inspection. “I’ve never seen you THAT small.”“I told you,” I whined. “I think I almost froze him off!”“He just needs warmed up!” she declared. And with that she swiftly bent down, palmed my cold bottom cheek with a hand and glommed her mouth so firmly over my withdrawn organ that I could feel her lips pressing tightly against my pubic bone. At the corner of her one eye that I could see while staring down at her, a devilish crinkle creased her skin.Let me be candid. Rarely, if ever, had that much of my member found itself hidden inside her mouth. Namely, every last centimeter of it that was available to be hoovered in. Deepthroating was never much of an aspiration for either of us. She already put me in orbit sucking, thrusting, and tonguing that part of me that fit comfortably in her mouth. I never expected more.Neither have I been as fully engulfed SINCE then, and I’LL TELL YOU WHY. If I DARE THINK about her sucking me erect from softness, I’m half hard before her lips get near me. (Mmm, SUCH a juicy fantasy!) OK, maybe once or twice since that day, I’ve been warm-mouthed from total slumber to straight up tall. But the thought of it normally short-circuits the possibility of it!Now where was I? Oh yes, I remember. She had bent over, turned her head sideways, and without warning, sucked Little Wee Me into her mouth. I know the thicket of my hair tickled her nose as she administered her thawing in the most personal way.I stood there astonished. And delighted! Then I just surrendered to the moment. Initially delicate stirrings, then intensely primal sensations banished all other thoughts from my mind. She batted and pushed my chilled member around and around her hot mouth with an aggressive, skillful tongue.“OH!!! Oooh!! Ahhh!!! SHOOT!! – that feels really GO-O-O-O-D, my Love!”“Come on out here!” she seemed to be saying to Wee Me. “I need you back to normal size!”Of course, my little gray peen could not resist such a tsunami of stimulation. The cure for cold-shrinkage that M’lady Mischief laid on me was exceptionally effective, I can report. Before long, the great contraction reversed itself and soon progressed to the great expansion. Wonder-Lips coaxed that little organ right out of my body. And she didn’t stop coaxing until it regained its normal size, and THEN some, if you can imagine that.Well ALRIGHTY then!I wish I could say there was a happy ending to my love bunny’s penis-thawing ministrations right then and there, but that would come later. The kids were moving around in the house, we could have been interrupted, and I still needed to get a shower in before supper. So off I went, in true wonder at having married such an unselfconsciously sexy, spontaneously playful woman as she was, and having enjoyed such an erotic rush as her ambush antic had just given me.To MH Readers:That scene comprises one of the most unusual localized sexual sensations I’ve ever felt. To have every last bit of my soft, chilled, retracted penis sucked tightly inside her mouth and kneaded to life by her supple tongue while I stood naked, save socks alone, was so startlingly erotic that I still relive it today. M’Love’s abrupt move down on me, amplified by her playful demeanor, is forever archived on the top shelf of my sensual memories library.I can tell you that decades later this wonderful woman still surprises me with her uninhibited sensuality when aroused. As befits our age, it takes us longer to get rolling down Libido Lane. (Me less so, but nothing new there.) Hormones are diminished. Pain and stiffness interfere. Joints jab at us with sudden pains or hamper us with creeping aches. Comfortable positions are hard to find, and then, maintain.Frankly, we rely on creativity, because at our age, the spirit is willing, but the flesh is, well, WEAK. That gives that line a new twist – HAHA!. I think our motto for sexual loving today would be, “Do what you can, with what you’ve got!”These days, of necessity, we employ toys, those magic pills for ED, lots of lube, and an early-to-bed commitment. We survey our schedules, because we are both quite busy. And we plan the best day for our sexual pleasures to unfold. This necessarily means more intentionality and less spontaneity. Sometimes we just self-stim (lying in opposite directions for the best views—LORD have mercy!). We take that to groaning, or yelling, orgasms for each other’s viewing and listening pleasure.It’s a blessing to have delicious memories of prior experiences to help keep the fires burning. Although reviewing past sensual episodes arouses ME more than it does my relationship-oriented woman. Her arousal ramps up from real-time presence, free flowing communication, emotional closeness, affectionate touch, and gentleness.Still, recounting episodes I’ve written can sometimes help when the mood strikes but the kindling is damp. Check out our Vacation Innovation, Balcony Bliss, and The Long Boring Highway submissions. Our 50th anniversary is a receding dot in the rearview mirror these days. But I am GLAD that we’re STILL SEXY together. Our bodies respond when we honor them as they are. AND—breaking news!—our sensual warmups, stimulation patterns, and eventual orgasms ARE! ALL! STILL! AWESOME!So, to younger MH couples and singles-in-anticipation, I say, make as many good memories as you can while you’re young(er). You never know when they’ll come in handy.And put on that extra pair of long johns when you need them. Let’s be safe out there.– EDL