Josie caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror.  She loved her sexy body.  Her breasts were large and firm.  Her nipples long, very long, and hard. She had a smooth, toned belly and tight sexy ass that her new husband loved to look at.  Tonight was their wedding night, and she was deciding whether to wear the night gown or nothing at all.  She wanted to make an impression on him that he would never forget.  She decided to be naked.Josie stepped out of the bathroom and leaned her nude body against the door frame. She saw her husband yank his hand from under the sheets.  The covers were tenting; obviously, he had been stroking his cock.  Josie walked to the bed as her husband stared.  Peeling back the covers, she slipped into bed and snuggled into him, her pillowy breasts pressing into his arm. She pulled her leg over his thigh and pushed her smooth, hot, wet pussy against his leg.  He trembled as their lips pressed together in a tender kiss that built into a deep passionate one.She pulled his mouth to her neck. He took in a deep breath before his teeth bit down not-so-gently into her neck and shoulder. This caused her to whimper.  The feeling was new to both of them, and Josie loved the pain and pleasure it brought her.  She rubbed his bare, toned chest then slid her hand down his belly, gasping when she felt his big hard cock for the first time.  Squeezing it, she moaned.  All the times she masturbated, dreaming of his cock and wondering what it would be like… it was nothing like having the real thing in her hand for the first time.Slowly, she stroked up and down the entire length of his cock. He pressed his hand against her tits and gently squeezed them.  Josie wiggled and moaned as her pussy got hotter and wetter and her body tingled.  Their eyes met, and then their lips.  They kissed like the first-time lovers they were as he pinched her nipples hard and her body vibrated.“Yes, oh yes.  Now suck my tits.  Suck my nipples, baby.” She pulled his face down as she stroked his cock.His cock felt amazing in her hand. She moaned more when she felt a warm, slippery fluid coat her hand and his cock. Now her hand slid and glided over his cock with ease.  She ground her pussy against his thigh, and their breathing quickened.  Josie gasped as he ripped the covers off his cock just as he exploded. He shot long ropes of cum all the way up to her face and his chest.  Josie cried out as her body jumped and pulsed. Her nectar gushed out of her pussy all over his thigh. Their lips found each other again, and they kissed deeply as she held firm to his still-hard cock. Josie rolled on her back and pulled her husband down onto her. Spreading her legs wide, she tugged his cock toward her pussy.He pushed forward and into her opening, and they both cried out as he stretched her wide. He paused when he felt his cock pressing against her virgin barrier.  Their eyes locked as he reached down and hooked his arms behind her knees. He pulled her legs back as he thrust hard down into her pussy, making her a woman with one powerful thrust that stretched her open and filled her. Josie cried out in pain and pleasure.  Her body tensed, and she pulled at the bedsheets.  The moment they both dreamt about for so long was now coming true.“Fuck me, Fuck me,” Josie begged, and he pulled out slowly and thrust down into her again. Soon she was lifting her hips to meet each powerful thrust.  Their moans and breathing quickened, and her pussy vibrated and pulsed around his cock. Her juices gushed and squirted out around his pistoning cock.  Her husband buried his cock deep into her pulsing pussy. Soon he erupted again, shooting his cum deep inside her. It mixed with her nectar, then leaked out.  Both of them were panting and gasping for air.He rolled off her, and their cum gushed out of her like a waterfall.  Josie scooped as much as she could in her hand and held it over her. She watched it drip off her fingers onto her face and into her mouth.  She moaned when she tasted their cum. Quickly she shoved her fingers into her mouth and savored the flavor, which she found amazing.