This story took place a couple of summers ago as the world was starting to return to normal. My wife and I booked a trip to a small all-inclusive resort in Mexico to celebrate our anniversary. The resort was just opening back up, so it was only about half full, which meant we received outstanding customer service and personal attention. This quickly became apparent when they showed us to our accommodations and we had been upgraded to a beachfront casita!The room was amazing: king bed with one wall of glass doors opening onto our patio and the beach, our own private cabana bed on the beach, and an incredible bathroom with a glassed in double-shower that opened up onto a private courtyard. But the best was yet to come…“I have one more thing to show you,” the bellman said as he reached for a door that he hadn’t yet opened. The bright sunlight shone in, immediately followed by the sound of the ocean waves, as he led us up a staircase and onto our private rooftop. The beach view was even better from the roof, and there was a small infinity pool, lounge chairs, and a daybed. I caught my wife’s eye, and I knew we were both thinking the same thing:we were going to have a lot of fun up here!We unpacked and cleaned up, then relaxed for a while on the patio and had a glass of wine in the late afternoon sun. Afterward, we went for a lovely al fresco dinner near the main pool overlooking the ocean. The food and drinks were delicious, and the entertainment was top-notch, but all I could think about was getting back to that rooftop.Back in the casita, we started getting ready for bed. When my wife finally stripped down to put on her sexy new PJs, I grabbed her hand before she could pick them up and said, “Follow me.” I led her to that door, outside, and up the staircase. She is much more reserved and cautious than I am, so I was not surprised when she tried to stop halfway up the steps.“What are you doing?!?” she asked.“Don’t worry. Just come up and see.”She reluctantly came with me up the rest of the stairs but stooped down as if she was about to walk stark naked out onto a beach full of people. But there I stood, fully nude and right out in the middle of the rooftop, assuring her that everything was okay.“Look, there’s hardly anyone here at the resort, and nobody’s in the casitas next to us. There’s nobody on the beach, either. We have this place completely to ourselves!”She wasn’t too sure, but relented and came and joined me next to the infinity pool. After looking in every direction to make sure we couldn’t be seen, she finally relaxed and took it all in. The half moon shined brightly and the warm sea breeze felt so amazing on our naked bodies.I had grabbed a couple of Mexican beers on my way outside, so I said, “Here, have one of these and just sit back and relax.”We lay down in the lounge chairs and looked out over the ocean and up at the stars. We just connected for a while, grateful for the opportunity we had to enjoy the beautiful resort over the next few days.I finished my beer and got up, my cock semi-erect from the feeling of being naked outside in the ocean breeze and from the anticipation that had been building up the entire day. I went over to her lounge chair and straddled her, leaning down to plant a sloppy, wet kiss on her lips. We made out like newlyweds for several minutes, with me going from her mouth to her neck to her ears and back, licking and nibbling along the way. She reached down and grabbed my now-hard penis, stroking it softly and cupping my balls as I stood over her.“I want you,” was all she said, and she started to get up as if to lead me back inside and to the bed.“Where are you going?” I asked, and before she could answer, I pinned her back down on the lounge chair and grabbed her legs, spreading them open so that I could get between them. I pulled her knees up under my armpits and positioned my dick at her pussy.She seemed like she wanted to protest, but I could tell by the look in her eyes that she was just as horny as I was, so I rubbed the tip of my penis along her wet lips for a few seconds and then thrust slowly inside her. Her wet pussy felt so good, I just held still for a few moments as she squeezed me with her vaginal muscles.My mouth found hers, and we started kissing passionately again. I began slowly thrusting, savoring the combined feeling of making love to my wife and the sensation of being outside in the warm sea breeze. We had been teasing and flirting ever since we got on the plane that morning, so it didn’t take long before I felt my orgasm approaching. We were both panting and moaning, her hips rocking to meet my every thrust and her pussy juices coating my balls and running down onto the lounge chair.“Deeper, harder!” she exclaimed, looking up at me with those wanton eyes that I love, so I obliged and started thrusting with all my might. Our bodies were really slapping together now, all caution thrown to the wind (not that there was anyone nearby to hear. )We fucked hard and fast for a couple of minutes until I could no longer hold back. Sensing the change, my wife encouraged me. “Cum inside me now!”At that moment I exploded, filling her pussy with several deep thrusts. Panting and spent, we kissed softly while we waited for our heartbeats and breathing to return to normal.“I think I like this rooftop,” she said, and we both grinned and got up to go to bed.We awakened the next morning to a bright, sunny day. After breakfast outside at the beachside restaurant, we headed for the spa, where we enjoyed the baths and sauna for a while. Then we went to the couples massage that we had booked. Our masseuses showed us to the cabana and then gave us a few minutes to strip down and get on the massage tables.Undressing with my wife and glimpsing her naked body had me wanting her again. After all these years, I still love the sight of her full breasts with their large, pink nipples; her curvy hips; oh-so-squeezable ass; and the small landing strip of dark hair that barely covers her pussy. I gave her a quick kiss and got onto my massage table and covered up, not wanting to get too excited just yet!There’s something about a couples massage that just hits differently. The massage was amazing and very welcome after the travel, and I was now quite relaxed and loose. But the entire time, I couldn’t stop thinking about my naked wife just a few feet away. It adds an erotic element to the massage that I really enjoy. Hearing her soft moans as the masseuse kneaded her shoulders, back, legs, etc. had me imagining that I was the one touching and squeezing and caressing her beautiful body. So when we were finished, I was both very relaxed and calm but simultaneously quite horny—an interesting combination!We walked hand-in-hand back to the beachside restaurant for lunch and some margaritas. We both knew where the afternoon was headed but enjoyed the anticipation and just took our time, flirting and kissing like newlyweds.After the meal, we went back to our casita and put on our swimsuits, then walked out to the cabana bed on the beach in front of our unit. A waiter soon came by, and we ordered another tropical drink, then just sat back and enjoyed the sunshine and warm ocean breeze, kissing playfully every few minutes.“Here, I brought something for you,” I said, holding out my closed hand.She gave me a quizzical look, then reached out and took the offered item: a new remote-controlled bullet vibrator.“Ooh, what’s this?” she asked with a grin.I replied by pressing the button on the remote, and the vibe sprang to life, startling her. I cycled through the different settings, and I could tell she was getting excited.“I can’t wait to use this tonight,” she said, but I had other ideas.“Well, we can use it tonight, for sure—but why wait? Let’s try it out now!”“What?!? I can’t do that here in public.”“What public?” I asked, pointing around. “There’s no one within 100 yards of us, and I know you’re as horny as I am. No one can see what we’re doing, and nobody cares anyway.” I kissed her lightly and playfully, teasing her with my tongue. I then guided her hand that held the vibrator down between her legs and pressed it onto her mound. She mildly protested, but I knew the idea of making herself cum right there on the beach had intrigued her, and once the vibrations hit her pussy, all resistance was gone.“Keep a watch out,” she said, so I looked around and made sure nobody was near.“The coast is clear,” I replied, and then just leaned back and watched her pleasure herself.  She closed her eyes and sank into the moment, savoring the sensation of the vibe as she slowly moved it around, hitting her clit and then pressing it into her swimsuit all around her pussy. It didn’t take long for her body to respond. Her hips started writhing, her breath quickened, and I could tell she was fighting quite hard to control herself and keep her moans quiet.I loved the show—it’s my favorite!—and my dick also responded and was now quite hard. It was all I could do to not stroke myself, but I maintained control and continued watching, knowing that she was getting closer and closer to her climax. After just a couple of minutes, I saw the telltale sign of her back arching. She held her breath, her body tensing, and I knew she was about to cum.Just then, I glanced up and noticed one of the resort’s security guards walking by. Thankfully, he was behind us and 50 feet away, so I don’t think he knew what was going on. (?) Regardless, it was too late; I heard my wife groan quietly, and her body convulsed over and over again as the waves of her orgasm hit her. She was panting now, and I just smiled and watched as her body began to relax in the afterglow, then I leaned in and gave her a sloppy wet kiss.“Not bad, huh?” I asked, and all she could manage was a nod.I gave her a couple of minutes to compose herself, then kissed her again and said, “I need you.” We got up and walked back up to our casita (hiding my hard-on with a towel). Once we got inside, I pulled her to me in a passionate kiss. Our mouths were hungry, and our hands were roaming all over each other’s bodies, squeezing and pulling and groping.I pulled the straps of her swimsuit off her shoulders and tugged it down to the floor. At the same time, she untied mine and pulled it down, springing my hard cock free. We stepped out of our suits, and I grabbed her hand and led her back up to the rooftop. It was one thing to go up there naked in the nighttime, but it was broad daylight now, and there were some people out on the beach. But we still had complete privacy, so up we went.We ran to the daybed and jumped on, lay down next to each other, and resumed kissing and groping. My hands found her full breasts and squeezed them, pinching her nipples. Then I bent my head down and took one into my mouth, sucking and nibbling until it was very hard.Her hand was squeezing my ass and pulling me into her body so that she could feel my hard dick up against her stomach. But then she reached down and started stroking it. I wanted to fuck her right then, but I also had a fantasy that I wanted to live out.I got up on my knees and grabbed her ankles and threw her onto her back. I knew she was expecting me to get between her open legs and enter her, but instead, I bent my head down and took her other breast into my mouth, hungrily sucking and kissing and licking it until that nipple was as hard as the other. Then I started licking my way down her belly, around her belly button, and down to her pussy.Her scent was quite strong, and she was still very wet from her beachside orgasm. I ran my tongue from her opening to her clit in one long stroke, tasting her delicious juices. I ravaged her, darting my tongue inside her, licking my way around her lips, and flicking her clit as fast as I could. This time she didn’t have to control herself, so she moaned and panted and writhed as I devoured her sweet pussy.Normally, I like to take my time and savor every second when I eat her out. But this time, I went at it with abandon and focused my tongue on her clit, my one goal to make her cum on my face as quickly as possible because I couldn’t wait much longer to be inside her. It only took a couple of minutes before she arched her back, held her breath, and squeezed my face between her legs as she gave out a loud groan and came. Her body shook with each wave, and I continued licking her clit until the spasms stopped.She caught her breath and then looked down at me with a wanton look, and I heard those words that I think every guy loves to hear: “Fuck me now!” She doesn’t normally use the F-word in our lovemaking, so I knew she really needed me, and I needed her just as badly.I got up above her, pointed my rock-hard penis at her soaking pussy, and thrust inside. This was no time for slow build-up, so I just started pounding as hard and fast as I could. The sun beat down on us as our bodies slapped together, completely lost in the passion and lust of the moment.“Harder! Faster!” she urged, and I gave it all I had, my grunts and groans matching hers. I had been horny pretty much since breakfast, so it didn’t take long until I exploded, filling her with my cream and thrusting until I had nothing left.I collapsed beside her, and we just lay there, completely naked in the Mexican sun, panting and gasping and sweating.We eventually settled down and almost fell asleep—luckily, we didn’t because that would have been a bad way to get sunburned! Instead, we got into the infinity pool and cooled off for a bit, enjoying the afterglow.“I’d say we’re 2-for-2 up here, wouldn’t you?” I asked.“Oh yeah, 2 home runs for sure!”We did have a few more passionate moments on the rooftop during our stay. When I told my wife I was writing this story, I asked what her favorite memory was. While the two episodes above were certainly the hottest, she said her favorite was the night of our anniversary. After we had an amazing dinner at one of the resort’s finer restaurants, we made our way back to the casita, got undressed, and took a couple of glasses of wine up to the rooftop. It was a cloudless night; the stars were breathtaking, and the cool sea breeze tickled our skin as we toasted and thanked God for all the wonderful years of our marriage. We made love slowly and sweetly, enjoying the sensation of being naked outside, and after we finished, we lay back on the daybed and looked up at the stars and talked and kissed for an hour or so. It was very sweet, very erotic, and a perfect end to our trip.