In short order, our empty house and freedom of intimacy was halted by kids home from college and E’s mother and sister visiting from out of state.  With entertaining and a few overnight visits with other family members, a week had passed in a flash since our last lovemaking session.  This long of a wait had happened less than a handful of times over 26 years.On day eight, I woke up about 15 minutes after E and heard her in the shower. As I started to get up out of bed to brush my teeth, the shower turned off.  I made my way into the bathroom, and there she was, her perfect breasts holding the towel wrapped around the fit, sexy body I so craved.Entering, I asked “Do you have to go to work early this morning?”E quietly said “Yes.”  I could feel the disappointment in my heart and in my tingling cock.After a few seconds standing over the sink, I suddenly felt her chest up against my back with the thin layer of towel separating us. Her arms reached around my chest, and her kisses caressed the back of my shoulders and neck.I took it in for a few seconds and then turned to face her.  Our lips connected, and our hands began to softly explore one another, mine wandering over and under her towel, and hers caressing the bulge within my cotton shorts.Despite more than twenty-five years of marriage, the absence of sexual touch for a week made it feel like the first time.  We held the kiss and embraced as I reached under the towel for the clean-shaven slit between her legs.E gasped and dropped her head back for a second.  She grabbed my hand, opened the door, and we headed back to the bedroom. I wanted to be inside of her so badly.E sat at the edge of the bed and let the towel drop, with me several steps behind her. She reached to the nightstand drawer, grabbed a bottle, and started to lubricate herself.  Without a word, she lay back with her knees up and legs spread.  What a glorious view!!!I followed her lead, took the bottle, and allowed her to watch as I lubed my hard and wanting cock while giving it a few warm up strokes.As I climbed up on the bed between her legs, she subtly wrapped them around me to pull me in.  I positioned my oh-so-stiff member in front of her place of love and proceed to enter her.  The head of my manhood was incredibly swollen as it slid in, perfectly filling up the outer circumference of her entry.E grabbed my hips to halt my entrance at that exact spot.  She held me at that depth as I slowly rotated my hips, swirling my cock around just inside the entrance of her love canal.This continued for a while. I could sense E savoring this long overdue moment, and I just obliged while she lay back in complete enjoyment.Unexpectedly due to her relaxed state, I started to feel contractions around the head of my cock.  She closed her eyes, smiled, and for about 30 seconds, I held still as E absorbed the orgasm she longed for.  Then her eyes opened, and her legs pulled me forward as if giving permission to go deeper.I allowed myself to slowly slide deeper, to about 2/3 depth.  Slow, sensual lovemaking ensued as I moved back and forth between 50-75% penetration.  As my motion continued, I felt her inner wells getting wetter and wetter with each slow thrust.E raised and spread her knees further. The sides of her legs and feet pressing against my ass served as a cue for full penetration.  I got to full depth; we were completely one.E took a deep gasp and then held me there, again just wanting to sustain the feeling of me deep inside of her. So I stayed at full depth, but rose up to a kneeling position so I could see her at full view as I penetrated her.  My hands explored her shapely breasts, and I played with her nipples as we savored our complete union.Long minutes later, I slid back slowly, retreating from her body before soon re-entering. She pulled me in with ease. I retreated and returned again many times over in rhythmic fashion.Eventually, my pace began to increase. She was so wet, and we fucked with such ease as my manhood opened her up further.The slapping sounds of our bodies started modestly, but my urge was builing, as was hers. She lifted her pelvis to create an even better angle to receive me. Our bodies now met at a rapid pace. The slaps got louder and louder, and E exclaimed with each one, “Yes. Yes. Please. Take me! Yes!!”My week long buildup could wait no more as we exploded in unison with one more last thrust.  I felt my seed release inside of her, and almost immediately, I felt her pussy contracting around me again. She pulled me in deep, and we collapsed as I held that position for a few more minutes.We share some deep kisses, chest to chest, as my member started to soften within her.  Eventually, I withdraw as we lay next to one another in state of bliss—the moment we both  desperately needed after alongweek!FINALLY!!!