Day 3: This morning we went to the hot springs and had a nice time together.  I love seeing my Melodie in a swimsuit; her big beautiful breasts can never quite be fully contained in a swimsuit.  (I don’t think I am the only one who noticed that.) Afterward, we went back to the B&B inn and relaxed, including watching the first Lord Of The Rings movie.  We also took a long nap.Then, after the nap, we took more photos on our private photos app.  We both put on just our Elven cloaks and Elf ears, but we included swords and shields as well.That evening, we were preparing to get in the jetted tub in our Elven Forest room when Melodie started flashing pussy and then boobs.  I had been sitting on the floor after removing LOTR from the DVD player, and she suggested photos from that angle. They were amazing!  She reached down to spread her labia to show me her love tunnel entrance.  We were still wearing our Elven cloaks, so her beautiful, voluptuous nude body was framed by soft shiny velvet.After taking some great photos at that “from below” angle,  I kneeled up to love on her pussy with my tongue—then rose higher  to love on her nips. We moved to the bed and enjoyed the X position with her legs over mine.Then Melodie kneeled at the edge of the bed as I stood behind her for doggy style, and she did most of the work pounding backward on my love tool. It was amazing.Another brief round of “X” back in the bed followed, but she wanted me to cum on her boobs. So I did tip on sexy nips until I came all over her boobs. She rubbed it all in. (I had added piña colada-flavored lube to her boobs and pussy at some point.) Next, I licked and sucked on her tasty cum-and-piña-colada-coated left nipple as she buzzed her pussy with a vibrator, and she came only one or two minutes later.“I’m coming again!” she gasped out as she shook so hard the bed felt like a small earthquake was happening!It was an amazing experience – but we were not done for the day.Melodie suggested we don our Elven costumes for more photos and play.  After the sexy photo session, she sat on the far edge of the empty tub and invited me to stand inside it.  I did so and filmed my sexy Elven wife deep-throating my big hard erection. With her small mouth, it still amazes me that she can do this.We decided to move to the bed where we once again flicked each other into another orgasm!  Then we joined each other in the large jetted tub where we teased each other sexually just a bit more.But we STILL were not done for the day!That night in bed, I thought about the evening’s sexy activities and felt myself getting hard.  Melodie was already asleep, but I gently woke her.  I asked her to rub my nip while I pumped myself to an orgasm so I could fall asleep.  But as she fingered MY nips, I asked—as I worked a breast out of her apricot-colored PJ top—if I could also play with her breasts.  It was fun cupping her boob and stimming her nipple, but soon I wanted more.  I asked if I could suck her tit, and she rolled over to face me and offered her breast to my ravenous mouth.  Then I started pumping my rod in earnest.I was close, so in order to not spray the B&B bed with my cum, I lay on my back. Melodie moved over to lick my nipple as I pumped myself to another great orgasm, spraying semen all over my torso and some on one side of her face.Melodie wanted more! She held me to her breast as I sucked, nibbled, and flicked her titties.  Soon, she lifted her PJ top up to give me access to both of her sexy, hard nipples.Then I reached down, slid my hand under her pretty, flowery PJ bottoms, and began stroking from pussy opening to clit. As I kept my mouth on her nipple, I rubbed her jewel until she asked me to put my finger inside her.  By the way, even though she had been in the jetted tub and shower after the sex earlier in the evening when I came on her boobs, her nips still tasted like a piña colada!I began to pump my finger into her pussy, giving special attention to rubbing her G-spot… but I also leaned over to lick her pussy from opening to clit. She kept saying, “Thank you, thank you!” asI made love to her with my finger.After a while, we paused to slide her bottoms lower. I clicked on the light, and she was a terribly sexy sight with her apricot-colored top pulled up and flowery bottoms pulled down. I had a great view of her beautiful breasts and her very soft bush.She had cupped the side or underside of each boob previously, but now she cupped both.“You really do have perfect breasts, my dear,” I said. “They are full and round and topped with tasty raspberries—piña colada-flavored raspberries.”I asked if I should grab a vibe, and she said yes. I actually got two out and inserted the G-spot vibrator into her VERY wet pussy while taking a few more swipes at the edge of her pussy and clit with my tongue.  She used the bullet vibe on her clitoris, and I went back to working over her nipples.Sadly, she started getting leg cramps, so she said, “Maybe we should stop and finish in the morning.”I admitted, “I am rather ambivalent about that.  I’d love to get you to the peak, but the idea of making love again in the morning is very enticing!”So after a couple more minutes of trying, she had me remove the G-spot vibe and also handed me the bullet vibe to clean off.  I did so and placed both vibes on the nightstand for more sexy fun in the morning.“Thank you for trying,” Melodie said, and she gave me another deep kiss.When Melodie got up to clean up (I had applied coconut oil and piña colada lube to her pussy), she noticed that we had left the window open to let in some cool air.  We doubt anyone saw us, but it felt naughty to have that window wide open.Day 4:I awoke and attacked wife’s breasts immediately.Melodie really WANTED to be attacked—in a loving sexual way, of course.  Remember, she had been close to coming the night before.She pulled her PJ top up and the bottoms down, and I was soon sucking her nipples and stroking her pussy and clit. But she started thrusting her pelvis forward, so I slid my middle finger deep into her already very wet pussy.  As on the night before, I paid special attention to her G-spot.After a bit, I added coconut oil andAloe Cadabra Tahitian Vanilla lubeto her nips, then her pussy.Finally, I slid down and loved on her pussy with long, slow tongue strokes. I also thrust my tongue deep inside, and she said she liked that. But soon, she was moving her pelvis in such a way that my tongue could once again hold still as my extended tongue passed through labia to clitoris, over and over, for a looooong time.Next, we moved into X position, and I rammed it in suddenly so Melodie emoted a pleased gasp.“Mmmmm, that felt good!” she purred.I kept up the pumping, hard and fast.  “So that’s how it’s gonna be,” she said, and I could feel her Kegels hug my rock-hard cock. She also began pumping her pelvis up to match my forward thrusts. I had an enormous orgasm and filled her pussy with my seed.“Mmmm, I like having my present!” she said.  (Ever since she gave me her virginity on our honeymoon, she has thought of my sperm as her special present.  But that’s another story!)I lay there in stunned pleasure until I could think coherently again. Then I slid out and scooped some of our vanilla protein shake out to apply to Melodie’s nips. My hungry mouth returned to loving on her nips as she buzzed her pussy with the bullet vibe until she gasped out, “I’m coming!”She thrashed around on the bed as her orgasm passed through her like a magical pleasure spell!Afterward, we cuddled and basked in our mutual love and pleasure.  But we finally got up to clean off and get dressed; we didn’t want to miss the hostess’ delicious breakfast.We spent much of the day shopping and eating at a couple of nice restaurants andmade love again that night, slow and sweet. Then we put on our PJs for a long really restful deep sleep.