My wife and I decided to prepare our Christmas card photo a little earlier this year to ease the stress and pressures of a busy holiday season. We had our usual plan; a friend who lives across the street was coming over to take a photo of the four of us— Beth, our children, and me—for the cards we’d send.While we took the photo in mid-November, our mantle was temporarily decorated for Christmas, and we were dressed for the season. The girls were in matching print dresses, Beth wore a solid deep green dress, and I wore slacks and a sports coat with a complementary and tasteful Christmas tie. About 15 minutes before our friend was due, Beth put on the movie Elf as a treat to occupy the kids.Then she whispered for me to join her upstairs.Beth sat on the edge of the bed, unclasped my belt buckle, and pulled down my pants and boxers to my ankles. Then she pulled up her dress and spread her legs for me. She was wearing a festive pair of panties of a lighter green with candy canes, one we both have identified as our favorite.“I want your cum.”Seeing tufts of her pubic hair peeking out from the sides of her panties started to get me excited, and Beth began touching my cock. I didn’t know yet what she had in mind, but I loved how she watched my cock. Every time she acts naughty, I think she’s too beautiful for what she’s up to. This is, I believe, the first intimate and enduring thought I ever had about her.She dipped her head to put her wet mouth on me, cognizant of our limited time together. When I was fully hard, she rose again.“I want your cum in my panties. Make yourself cum in them.”This was new! Beth was now half standing, half sitting on the bed’s edge. She opened her panties with both hands, pulling the front toward me. Looking down, I saw the light green fabric forming a cup, her thick brunette pubic hair all matted down. Only a hint of her pink slit was visible through her hair from this vantage point.But I could smell her pussy. She’d had her panties on all day, perhaps anticipating what she’d be up to, and the rich sexual smell of her pussy was wonderful. I started pumping my cock. This would be only the second time I would make myself cum with her watching me, but my embarrassment was overcome by lust and the excitement of novelty.We both watched as my orgasm came upon me. Soon, cum spurted from my cock. It landed in her panties, most of it pooling in the middle, all over the light green fabric with tiny candy canes. A last lone string stretched out toward my cock. She looked at her cum filled panties, smiling.I have to say it did look festive.I quickly cleaned up and dressed, putting a tissue in my boxers to catch any later leaks. But in lieu of cleaning up, my wife mashed her panties slowly against her pussy. I watched, mesmerized, as she ran a finger down along her slit, pushing the panties and my cum into her vagina. When she pulled her panties out toward me again, we both saw strings of my semen stretching from her panties to her hairy pink slit. More of my cum was tangled up in her hair. We could smell my ejaculation as we looked at the light green panties, my white cum, and her dark pubic hair all sloppily combined.Beth stood back up, letting her dress fall into place.By now, the Christmas cards have arrived to all the usual people: friends from church, from the neighborhood, college, and work; parents and siblings. We both love thinking of everyone looking at the photo. Beth looks beautifully mischievous, her dress hiding the mess between her legs, her crotch wet with semen.