The annual church Christmas party rolled around and it was my turn to play Santa Claus. My wife would, of course, play the Mrs. She loves dressing up and had went all out with the costume.It was a charming four piece set centered around a long sleeve velvet gown outlined in faux white fur and embroidered with golden thread in a delicate leaf pattern on the hem. It had a hooded cape with matching fur and stitching, and was accented with a black leather antique belt and white gloves.She had subtly spiced it up with a pair of red bottom kitten heels and candy cane thigh highs. Red lipstick and spectacles rounded out her look, effectively making her the hottest fucking Mrs. Claus I had ever seen.As she twirled and curtsied, I stood there with an open mouth and hard dick. Her heels clicked in my direction and as she batted her eyes, one of her hands drifted down to my cock. Covering her mouth and feigning shock, she said, “Oh no Santa! We can’t leave you like this!”And without breaking eye contact, she slithered to her knees and freed my dripping mini-claus. Her red lips trailed a wet path down my shaft while her naughty tongue caused some rather un-Santa like words to leave my mouth.A few delightfully agonizing minutes later, I warned her I was cumming. Her eyes sparkled, she hummed, “Mmmhmmm,” on my dick and I emptied my load in her exquisite mouth. She then drug her tits up my body and gave me a seasonally appropriate snowball before winking and heading off to fix her lipstick.We had taken separate cars so I could arrive in my “Sleigh”. It was a success. After the pastor gave a brief devotional, the party became festive. With Mrs. Claus at my side, we smiled, laughed, and sang all the Christmasy songs while Santa promised to bring gifts to all the good boys and girls.Mrs. Claus disappeared into the crowd at some point, and the party eventually wound down. Wondering where she was, I called and texted, but didn’t receive a response. Assuming she was busy helping some of the ladies, I loaded up and headed home to find her car already parked. Hmmm…Noticing a light on in the barn, I headed in that direction. There was a note on the door addressed to the head elf.“Dear Santa,It came as a shock, but we discovered Mrs. Claus had tampered with the list. She had been naughty this year and didn’t want you to find out. We hope you’ll do the right thing and give her a lesson she won’t forget.Sincerely,The Elves”Intrigue. I don’t know what I expected when I walked through the door, but it wasn’t what I found. Naked except for her cape, heels, and thigh highs, Mrs. Claus was bound and gagged on what I assumed to be our picnic table. “The Elves” had gone to quite a bit of trouble. On the table was what looked to be a twin mattress covered in a green snowflake comforter.The naughty Mrs. Claus was on her knees with several pillows supporting her midsection, leaving her tits dangling for my viewing pleasure. Her wrists were bound to her ankles, which were secured with straps tied to the table legs.How the hell did she even do this?Drool dripped from around the ball gag and the look in her eyes was something akin to mischief. A note reading,“We hope you approve of our arrangement,”lay next to a leather paddle on the comforter. She tried to mumble something through the gag.“I’m thorry, I’ll be good,” followed by a display of her struggling against her bonds. Staying in character, I stood in front of her with a disapproving look, first removing first my beard and hat, followed by the top half of my Santa suit.Now naked from the waist up, I leaned in close to her ear and whispered, “I’m so disappointed. How could you tamper with my list?” I received a whimper and a moan in response. Walking around her, I trailed my fingers over her naked skin. “The Elves” had done quite a good job. While I admired their handiwork, she continued to moan and struggle against her bonds.Moving to where she could see me, I picked up the paddle and tweaked each of her nipples. She whimpered and said something else through her gag. I ignored it, kissed her forehead, and trailed the paddle down her back till I reached her ass.She was alreadyveryturned on. Wetness oozed from her pussy and blazed a slippery trail down her thighs.Unable to resist, I buried my tongue in the source and delighted us both with a few moments of cunnilingus. Santa had a job to do, though, I kissed each of her cheeks and said, “I’m sorry my dear, but I just can’t let this go.”With that, I peppered each of her cheeks with a few swats of the paddle. She flinched and moaned with each strike while her naughty pussy continued to betray her with it’s fragrant arousal. A few more strikes and her ass was turning a nice shade of red. Deciding I wanted to hear her unimpeded words, I removed the gag and was immediately rewarded with her pleas.“I’m sorry Santa! I’m so sorry! I won’t tamper with your list again!”“I’m just not sure you’ve learned your lesson my dear.” With that, I swatted each cheek in a pattern that left them equally red.“Please Santa! I’ll be a good girl! I promise!”My cock wanted to believe her and once I freed him, he went to ask some in-depth questions of his own. I swatted each cheek a few more times, but apparently her pussy was very convincing. He coaxed me into dropping the paddle and and rewarding her for being such a good girl.“Oh God! Baby! I mean Santa! Fuck me! Please! Make me cum!”I did my best and we were shortly approaching the point of no return. Her breaths and moans quickened and I knew she was there. I was too. As she cried out in sweet release, my cock coated her insides with his sticky cream.I laid on her back as our breathing returned to normal, just enjoying the feel of my skin on hers, before reluctantly pulling out and freeing  her from her bonds. She tightly embraced me and smothered me with kisses while I told her how much I loved her.Hand in hand, we walked naked to the house where I pampered her with a bath and a massage. The few days passed and we woke up Christmas morning to a blanket of snow. We made cocoa, ate breakfast and exchanged gifts.  The day passed and it was truly a Merry Christmas.As the sun began to set, I stood by the tree and noticed a lone, beautifully wrapped gift addressed to Santa. I opened it to find “The List”. Mrs. Claus’ name had “Naughty” next to it with a line through the middle and “Nice” scribbled on top. A note underneath read,“She may need another lesson – The Elves.”I looked at my wife who, with eyes glimmering in that familiar mischief, shrieked and headed off on a run.Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night.