This post contains strong language (L).My heart pounds, there are butterflies in my stomach, and I don’t know what to expect. This night is the first our bodies are officially one flesh. When he enters me for the first time, I feel things I have never felt before. My body goes on automatic, reacting to everything he does. For the first time, I feel something tingle inside me. As we kiss and he thrusts inside me, the feeling of desire only grows stronger. Our bodies moved together like puzzle pieces, becoming one.After our wedding night, I am surprised at how our bodies craved each other again and again. My vagina responds to him and his penis responds to me. As we take each other’s clothes off and start kissing, our desire for each other grows. And once his body enters mine, I am his; I start to lose control of myself. Nothing else matters. My mouth wants his on mine, his tongue touching mine, and I lose all power over the sounds that I make. The only things that seem to exist in that moment are the two of us and the electricity between our bodies.As he slides and thrusts inside of me, I think of only him and the power his body—his penis—has over me. At this moment, we can’t stop even if we want to. Our bodies are glued; the connection is too strong to let go of. I have to succumb to the stars, to the fire he brings to my world.As his momentum builds, my body is covered in chills, and we are wet from the sexual bliss between us. Then I feel his seed inside me, filling me up. When we are both satisfied, my body continues to crave his. I am ready for another wild ride that only my husband can give me and I can give him.The next time our bodies meet, it is I who gets his body to react. His beautiful cock peeks out as I pull it out of his pants. It’s the most beautiful thing in the world. I feel my pulse racing and my own body reacting. I look into his eyes and see the desire written there. I play with his pretty cock for a bit, admiring its beauty. It’s hard and ready for me; it’s such a turn-on that I feel my own body scream to put it inside me. I want to feel it. I need to feel it.I gently kissed his cock before licking his tip.He reacts. Slightly moaning.My body whimpers. My heart beats between my legs.I take him—all of him—in my mouth.He holds onto me for balance, his head back, eyes closed. Sweet moans fill up the room as they bounce off the walls, and my body reacts again and again, loving the sounds.I continue as his moans get louder. My lips and mouth work him to wonders. My body works to wonders. I have a puddle between my legs now.I suck.I slurp.He moans.He breathes heavily.Up and down I go until he pulls away.He tells me he’s close but doesn’t want to cum yet.I’m delighted because I want him to fill me.He tries to lay me down, but I refuse. Instead, I guide him to sit. He tries to resist at first. He wants to return the favor I just did for him, but he listens.I feel my body call to his. His erect penis is hard and pointing straight up.I try to fight. I really do. I can’t. My body is screaming. I’m screaming. It’s calling. His body is calling.I kiss his lips. Our tongues meet.My nipples are hard. My pussy is soaked.He plays with my clit. A sweet little moan escaped my lips.He loves it, as do I. But our bodies are on fire with our desires.I can’t wait. I need him now. So I get into position. With him sitting down, I slowly get on top of the hard cock I’ve been waiting for. My pussy is soaking wet, dripping with hot desire, and his hard  cock slowly spreads apart what once was closed.I feel him widen me. Oh, the feeling! My walls screamYESas his cock welcomes me.Our tongues touch again, and we lock eyes as I begin this ride—slow, fast, faster. We can’t stop no matter how hard we try. All through the room, our moans bounce off the walls. I’m riding harder and harder until he decides to pound up into me.He holds my hips tightly as I hold onto him. Then he explodes into action! In and out, thrusting hard—all I can do is scream loud. My breasts bounce with his rhythm, our sweat mingling. Our bodies are like hot superglue as he pounds away at my sweet pussy.Suddenly, he stops, saying, “No more.” He’s about to cum and doesn’t want to yet.But I want him to. I need him to.He tries to get me off him. I gently decline. I tell him he’s mine, and I want to feel him cum inside.He playfully resists but I start to ride him again. His eyes roll back in his head as I whisper, “Cum in me, baby.”He moans louder. “Oh, shit,” I hear, music to my wondering ears.I ride faster and faster. Nothing can stop us now.He reacts, tries to get words out, but I have no idea what he says. I continue to ride him, my insides filled.Then I hear, “Oh shit, I’m gonna cum.”I’m delighted and excited at what’s to come next. Faster and harder, I ride.He tries to say he doesn’t want to cum yet, but I tell him to cum. He gives in. He can’t move. Stuck in place, our bodies feel too good to unglue. We’re so weak we can’t disconnect.I ride him and ride him, his eyes rolling back again and again. His sweet moans fill the room. Then, I hear it.He grunts before saying he’s gonna cum in me.“Yes, cum!” I shout. He grunts again, so close.I moan for him to cum inside me so I can feel him fill me up. He holds me tightly, grunting with each of my downward thrusts.A few seconds later…Bam! It happens.His sweet semen shoots out into me. I hear him grunting, and I love it so much. I tell him, “Yes, baby, yes. Fill me up.”He loses all control. His eyes roll back again, and sweat dribbles down his face. He holds me tight.Slowly, he regains composure, and kisses my lips before getting up, still holding me. He puts me on my back, his penis still inside. His hot tongue is on my breasts before I feel it. To my surprise, he rubs my clit—incredibly softly, barely making a dent. I moan slightly, and he rubs a bit faster as my breathing gets heavy. Then his tongue and my tongue connect. Our eyes drill deep into each other’s.I feel his hand move from my clit to my opening.One…Two…Three fingers in.I don’t know what he’s doing, but my body reacts.I felt his fingers move again, this time back to my clit. They travel back and forth from my clit to my opening.I moan in pleasure. When he asks if I like it, I nod yes.He shifts downward between my legs, and his fingers return to my opening, this time only two. He starts off slowly before getting down to business. My body thrashes as two fingers plunge me inside while his mouth latches onto my clit. He finds my sweet spot, and I don’t want it to stop.I lose it. My body loses it, overwhelmed by what his hands and mouth do to my body. I squirm, but his hands work and work. His mouth stays on my clit. Faster and faster they go.My body convulses, craving more and more. A loud moan escapes my lips; my end is near. I feel it building, and I tell him about it.He doesn’t stop. His hand fucks me inside my sweet wet hole. His mouth fucks my clit.I feel it. I feel it. Then… it hits.Tears fill my eyes at this wonderful surprise. I’m on a high, feeling nothing but pleasure. My body is delighted; his body is too. We still feel the effects after we lay together exhausted by what our beautiful bodies do.