My wife is a smoke show, and we have been married for 20 years now. When we were younger and starting our careers, she would wear tights to work. I couldn’t wait till she got home to rub her feet, legs, and my favorite, to kiss her gusset. On many a Friday night she would put on thigh highs and we would just make love like crazy.She is a natural read head with perfect B cups. Her vagina has beautiful butterfly wings and a natural red pubic landing strip, to sometimes a full bush. I don’t like shaved. She can totally pack a panty.Both of us have aged well, she in her mid 40’s, and me being 50. With professional jobs and kids, we have always made a point to have a healthy sex life. Though she doesn’t wear tights anymore nor the thigh highs.I still have a fetish for tights, stockings and sexy panties. I admit, I go into her lingerie drawer. I’ll wrap one of her silky stockings around my penis, thinking about her legs rubbing my neck. And tasting her sweet nectar. Or a soft foot job. I’ll even rub one off in her panties thinking about her.One day I said let’s see what happens, so I bought a pair of Wolford seamless 50 denier tights. I’m a sucker for expensive hosiery. I put the Wolfords in her lingerie drawer just to see what would happen.A few months went by and nothing. Until one night. It was late and she was wearing these sweat pants and old college shirt. I went to bed first. When she climbed into bed she snuggled next to me. I felt this smooth silky material rubbing against my leg. All of the sudden, no foreplay needed I was instantly hard. I rolled her over to massage her neck and back while my penis rubbed against her Wolford clad butt. I parted her legs, feeling the heat of her perfect vagina, I would tease her labia with light touches. She gets very wet, the material was getting soaked, and I could smell her sweet sex.She pushes me off, climbs on top of me, grinding the seamless tights that are soaked on my throbbing member. God it felt so good, I kissed her nipples, her moans, my moans, I couldn’t believe it. She rotated 180 degrees into the 69 position. Her butt and vagina gyrating in my face. She has a very meaty vagina and her lips were hanging down. Her vagina’s wetness was trapped in the fabric, the outline of her pink lips, her ginger landing strip compressed. I licked and I sucked like I was in the dessert needing that last drop of water.As she gently kissed my penis and pressed away on my face, she came and her juices flowed. I couldn’t take it anymore. The passion and lust for my true love. I pushed her off, tore a hole big enough to get my penis through the fabric while feeling the tights. I slipped in her vagina with ease, her legs together her feet rubbing my face. Moving her to doggy, my pelvic bone grinding on that butt, taking long strokes and short grinding motions. The feel of the Wolfords and her vagina griping my penis made me quiver. I just couldn’t hold it in and I came inside her like when we were in our twenties.The next morning I found the tights in a heap on the floor. She was watching TV in the living room. I took the tights and they smelled like our love making. I came hard thinking about her.Next week I think I’ll purchase some Calzedonia 20 denier tights and wait and see.