This post contains strong language (L) and focuses on anal sex (A).I just noticed that my wife (Creamy) Patty recently commented on MH about “finally liberating her ass.” I’m here to say that’s true, and I will expand on that event briefly because itwasa liberating experience for her, and I love her for her efforts to add more pleasure to our sexual experiences.With so much attention being given to “anal exploration” these days, it was something we both wanted to experience. But my penis size presented, well, a big problem. My fear of hurting the one I love compounded the issue to the point that I wanted to give up, but Patty really wanted this for both of us. So we went slow, using heavy lube, relaxation exercises, etc., and finally achieved full penetration. Eventually, with slow but deep thrusts, we also reached very powerful climaxes!She wanted me to take her from behind several times during the two days that followed. She wanted to continue “working on stretching her asshole” (her terms), and I certainly didn’t object, although I still had a slight fear of hurting her.Well, that didn’t last long after hearing her exclaim, “God, keep plowing me in the ass, you fucking stud!” and “Now you can fuck your little slut anyway you want, front or backside, and I’ll feel your meat deeper and deeper!”Yes, she really puts on a superslut show now when I take her from behind, and I believe it’s because she feels she has completely opened up (literally) to me and can devote her entire body to lovemaking. I treasure her for this devotion, and I find it amazing that she can be even hotter than ever before! She already holds the crown I gave her of  “World’s Greatest Cocksucker,” and now she brags to me (kiddingly) about “getting it both ways whenever she needs it.” So, how hot is that?What a blessing God has granted me!But it’s not like she is suffering from this “lovemaking enhancement.” I have heard more guttural sounds from her mouth while pounding her ass than ever! And her screams during orgasm are louder than ever before (which takes some doing as she is very loud as a rule.) She has asked that I don’t use a condom, as she loves the feeling of my full load shooting deep within her cave. We are cautious, however, not to move my cock from her new sex playground back to her pussy because the crossover can cause UTIs and such.So, again, I am very proud of my “CreamyPatty” for her dedication to exploring anal lovemaking. She believed it would improve our bond even more, and so far, I can tell you this adventure has a very happy ENDing!Thanks, MH readers!