(L) – This story contains strong language.In our old apartment, our back door led to the outdoor apartment pool which was closed after 8pm or so. We had a fence that was supposed to designate our back porch area and management had put a lock on what used to be a gate that led to the pool, so we’d have to use the same entrance as everyone else. Clearly they didn’t want anyone in the pool after hours, but, well, if you’re anything like my husband, that’s a challenge.I know where you’re thinking this story is headed, but don’t worry, we didn’t have sex in the pool. We’re at least respectful enough for that. But I’d be lying if I said there wasn’t something about that pool that we weren’t supposed to be in at 10pm on this particular night.It was sweltering hot, even this late at night. It was July, and the temperature had been in the 90s all week. Normally that would have been okay, except I was pregnant, in my second trimester, and we had no air conditioning in the unit. In addition, my back was starting to hurt from the extra weight of my first child. In short, looking at that big open pool of cool water every night as the summer heat rose was getting to me.The lock was supposed to prevent us from lifting up the latch to the gate. However, my husband figured out quickly that, with a bit of muscle, he could bend the metal just enough to allow that latch to work despite the lock.“Baby, come over here,” my husband whispered through the mesh screen of our porch.I had no idea at the time what he was doing, but I left the apartment to see him next to the gate.“We aren’t supposed to be in the pool after hours,” I told him after realizing that he was attempting to open the gate. “Besides how are you going to get in?”*Clunk*“Like that,” he said smugly.“You’re crazy,” I hissed.“Maybe, but you’re coming with me right?”Of course I was. I remember I was in his white T-shirt and a pair of his boxers after having showered for the night. Hardly a swimsuit, but I didn’t care. He was in a swimsuit already having had the advantage of knowing about his scheme beforehand.He opened the gate for me and I entered the pool area. I am not usually a rule breaker, but no one was going to know… hopefully.The pool was wide open. Not a soul in sight. There was just me, my husband, and the reflection of the lamps on the water. It was very different from how it was during the daytime hours. It was a popular hangout spot and obviously we weren’t the only people in the complex who couldn’t afford to pay extra for an AC unit.It was so quiet and peaceful. Crickets chirped softly as I entered the water. It was perfectly cool. The moon was clearly visible that night and the thrill of being somewhere secluded and off-limits with my husband set the tone for a fun night.We swam out towards the center of the pool. I caught a glimpse of him in just the right light, and I was struck by how handsome he was.I swam over and put my arms playfully around his neck from behind.“I think this was actually a great idea,” I said.“Oh yeah?”“Yeah.”I swam around him to face him from the front and hooked my legs around his back, and he placed his hands on my hips. We both leaned in for a kiss. Well, it was a bit more passionate than just a kiss, I should say. He spun me slowly in the water as we locked lips deeply with each other.“I thought you would like it, but judging by your actions, I think you want something else too,” he whispered in my ear.“Maybe,” I said. I could feel my cheeks burning. I knew they were flushed, but I was hoping the darkness would hide it. He saw right through me and he didn’t have to move the floating fabric of the t-shirt I was wearing much to start moving his hand slowly toward my breast. He always knows how to catch me off guard.I must have let a moan leave my lips. My eagerness was clear as day to him.“Maybe we should take this inside,” he said knowingly.“In a little bit,” I said. “I’m enjoying this.”After cooling off a bit more in the pool we made our way toward the door. As I left the pool, the fabric from the white t-shirt wasn’t concealing much and I could tell by the look on his face.“Wow. You are beautiful,” he said ,staring at me as I came out of the water.I blushed again, and then quickly hid my nipples with my arm. Between the cold of the water and the way I was feeling, they were practically poking straight out of the shirt.“No, not really,” I laughed“If you say you’re not beautiful one more time Kayla, I’m going to have to bend you over right here to show you.”“Okay, fine. I guess I’m beautiful then.”After drying off, we stripped off our clothes and headed for the room. He wasted no time laying me on the bed.“What was it you wanted from me back in the pool, huh?” he asked as he loomed over me.The redness on my cheeks couldn’t be concealed by the darkness anymore.“I, uh…” I stammered.His hand moved slowly up my thigh, tracing unknown shapes on my skin while making its way higher.“Mmm… Bryce… I…”“Use your words, baby.”His hand reached my pussy lips. He started rubbing. I started moaning. It felt so good.“Awe… come on, tell me what you want,” he encouraged playfully.“Please…” I begged.“Please what, honey?” The circles he was making on my clit were ramping up my excitement, but it wasn’t enough for an orgasm. It was only enough to drive me wild with desire.“I want your cock,” I said through quick, hot breaths.“Good girl,” he said, standing up from the bed. I took my opportunity. I wanted him so badly. I knelt down on the floor and started licking and sucking his dick. I could feel him getting harder.He moaned softly with pleasure and put his hand on my head while I sucked him off. His taste and the feeling of him in my mouth were amazing. I just wanted to keep going. He stopped me before I was going to stop and told me to get back on the bed, which I eagerly complied with.“Get on your hands and knees,” he ordered. My favorite position: doggy style.As he entered me, I moaned. It was so loud, but I couldn’t help it!His hands pulled my hips towards him with ease, ensuring every possible centimeter of his cock entered me from just the right angle. He always hits the right spot from this position. The spot that you don’t even know is begging to be hit until it happens. Pleasure shot straight through me. I could even feel it shoot into my back.He fucked me so hard that it felt like my soul left my body briefly while I was having an orgasm. Maybe it was two. Or three? The pleasure kept going even when I thought it was over. It was like one extraordinarily long orgasm. It was impossible to tell where one ended and the other began.I sunk down into the bed, arching my back up towards him even more, as even my arms began to feel weak. My head was buried in a pillow. With my own moans of pleasure in the air, every muscle in my body relaxed as my vagina contracted over and over again sending shock waves of bliss into me.Even with my head down, I could tell he was enjoying seeing me this way. He loves it when I finally give into my desires; when all of my defenses are truly broken down, and all that is left is the raw pleasure of the moment.It’s a part of me only he has ever seen. The way he breaks me down is beautiful. No man has been able to make me orgasm, let alone multiple times in a row. And no one has been able to penetrate my emotional defenses—no one except him.As the waves of pleasure consumed me, I was reminded once again why this is the man I was always meant to be with. He started his own orgasm shortly thereafter, and I could feel his shaft pulsing inside of me. I could get addicted to that feeling. A moan brimming with satisfaction and release came from his lips. I felt his pleasure second hand.He fell down next to me, but I was incapacitated for longer than he was. I didn’t even move. My ass stayed up in the air for several minutes after it was all over. I’m sure my brain ceased to function during that time. When I finally did move, my legs felt like Jello.It was complete satisfaction.