So, we played out another fantasy. Lucy wants to share howsheexperienced it:Maxx (playing the role of a traveling salesman) walks into my office, and I try everything in my power to keep the smile off my cheeks. I love this man so much, but now it is “Game On” for both of us. I make us coffee and try my best to ignore the sudden warm, wet feeling between my legs. (We had discussed this scenario, but we never really know how it will play out.)He is very well dressed, fitting the role of a professional salesman, and begins his polished spiel about selling me something or other. Suddenly, my daydreaming about warm, wet feelings is interrupted.“May I ask you something? Would you mind if I ‘visited’ you?” he asks, and immediately my body betrays me. My nipples are rock hard, and I’m getting even wetter if that’s even possible. I feel my body screaming for him to touch me.“I don’t know. When do you want to ‘visit’ me?”“As soon as possible!”  It feels like his eyes are looking right through me.“What are you doing tonight?” I ask. I can see him glance down, and he now notices my rock-hard nipples.“Hopefully it will be soon enough for you,” he replies with the cheekiest smile I’ve ever seen.I really do want to play hard to get, but we both know the game is taking over. And he sees me blushing. I cannot believe how fast my body is responding to my lover. He has not even touched me or said anything blatantly sexual, but I feel more wetness running down the inside of my leg.“Alright, I’ll pick you up here at your office around six o’clock.” Just as he is about to walk out, he hands me a small, folded note and then turns around and exits my office. I look at him as he saunters away and again realize just how much I love him. The note reads,“No Underwear!”It is exactly six o’clock when I slip into the car next to him. He smells fantastic, good enough to eat. Again, the lust flows between my legs.“When we get to my house, I’m just going to take a quick shower. Sorry, but I’m just getting home from work, and I need to freshen up a bit.”“No problem. But may I wash your back for you?”“Of course! How else?”We stop at “my” house. Maxx walks around and opens the car door for me. As I climb out, he swings me around and pushes my body against the car. He uses his foot to part my feet enough to give him access to where he wants.  His hand goes under my dress, and the next moment, his finger slips into my dripping pussy.“I just needed to make sure that you read my note.” Maxx pulls his finger out and puts it in his mouth. “You taste so fucking good!” Then his hand goes back under my dress, and two fingers slip into my pussy. He keeps it there for a few seconds, pulls it out and says, “Now I have two fingers for a tasting.”With that, he swings me around to face him and puts both his fingers inmymouth, and I taste the sweetness of my own pussy. “Now kiss me and stick your tongue in my mouth so that I can taste you.” As we kiss, I feel my juices again running down my legs.Maxx’s hands are busy with my dress while we are kissing.  I can feel him lifting it, but I don’t realize what he is doing until our lips part. The next moment, he pulls it all the way up and over my head.  I stand completely naked next to the car. My nipples are so hard from the excitement plus the cool night air.  He puts his hands on my naked ass and pulls me against his body. I feel his hard cock pressing against my stomach.He casually takes my hand, and we walk to the door. I must stop myself from running through it. “Would you like something to drink?” I ask.“No thanks. Where is your shower?”I laugh. It is good to know he’s just as horny for me. Maxx stares at my naked body, and I watch his eyes taking in every part of me. I notice the erotic bulge in his trousers, clearly showing his desire for me.I set the temperature and walk into the shower. The water feels nice and warm on my skin—not that I need any more heat. I keep an eye on him, trying not to make it too obvious, while he calmly undresses. I do not want him to think I am not used to anything. He has a fantastic body with broad shoulders, muscular arms and a belly you could wash clothes on.My eyes wander over him, wanting to take in every detail. They reach his narrow hips, and then I see it. His cock is rock-hard. He is clean-shaven down there. When he pulls back his foreskin, I can see his cock head is already swollen and dark with his pulsing blood. It makes my mouth water. When I look up, he is smiling at me.“And do you see anything you like?”My nipples respond immediately, becoming even harder and so sensitive. I long to feel his mouth on them, want him to bite them softly. But I cannot say it to him now. Maybe later. He gets into the shower, and our bodies touch. I stand on my tiptoes to get my arms around his neck. His body is like a raging fire against my skin.“Everything I see, I like.”I can feel his hardness pressing against my stomach. I go down on my knees and take his hard cock in my hand.  Slowly, I rub his tip over my face. That very sensitive place under the head gets my attention as my tongue licks it again and again. I wrap one hand around him, and my head moves very slowly over his cock. Every now and then, my hand takes over while I kiss and suck his balls before licking my way back to his cock head and swallowing him deep again.I ask Maxx to turn around and put his hands against the wall.  He spreads his legs, and I come from the back, pull his cock through his legs and put my mouth over the head.  I do not move my head; I just suck him like you would suck a lollypop.  My tongue makes circles around the head, and I drink the precum that is flowing very fast from it. A gasping moan escapes his mouth.“I’m very close… Where do you want me to cum?”I stop sucking, stand up, take the soap, and hand it to him. “Now then, you said you were going to wash my back.”He looks surprised but begins to wash my body soothingly, paying special attention to my breasts and lower body. His hand moves between my legs, and he lovingly starts washing my pussy. He feels the wetness that is coming from me, and he smiles.“You want me, don’t you?”Again, I stand on my tiptoes to get my hands around his neck. The next moment, his finger slips into me, and I lift one leg to put my foot against the wall, giving him full access to my burning pussy.He starts making small circles around my clit, and then pushes two fingers into me. He keeps on repeating this again and again. Finally, he bends down, puts his mouth over my nipple and bites down on it. I growl like an animal as I have a shaking orgasm. Hanging onto his shoulders is the only thing stopping me from falling down. My legs have gone completely numb and are unable to carry my weight.I start kissing his ear, then whisper, “Take me to bed. You need to be inside me. I cannot wait. Please take me and fuck me.”He leads me to my room, pushes me down on my bed, gets on his knees between my legs, and starts sucking-biting my rock-hard nipples. I can’t wait any longer and start playing with myself; it feels so good. I’m soaking wet again, and my clit is stiff. I’ve started fingering myself when I feel Maxx’s strong grip around my arm. He lifts my hand to his mouth and begins to kiss it. Then he licks my fingers, one by one, before pinning my arm above my head.“Now it’s my turn to play with you. Just relax and enjoy it.”Maxx kisses my neck, and I try to hold out as long as possible. His cock is right at my soaking wet entrance, but he doesn’t penetrate me. I cannot wait any longer.“Please, please, I want you inside me! I can’t take any more, please.”He sits back a little, his rock-hard penis rubbing over my clit and between my labia. He still doesn’t penetrate me. Harder and harder he rubs my clit, and I can feel another orgasm building. I can’t hold it back, and just when I want to surrender to this incredible feeling, he penetrates me with only the head of his hard cock. He holds it there for a few seconds and then pulls it out.Immediately, he puts it back inside my pussy—again, only the head. My entire body is screaming for him to fuck me and get that cock all the way inside. He does it again and again and again… And then suddenly, he plunges his cock all the way inside me but so hard that I feel his balls slap my ass. I gasp for breath and then surrender to the most amazing orgasm ever.I feel our pleasure juices running down my bottom. The bed below us is getting soaked, but Maxx doesn’t stop. It’s as if this orgasm only makes him pump with more urgency, and I can’t believe that I feel another orgasm building deep inside me. My breath races, and I try to control this orgasm a little, but it’s too good. Then, I hold my breath until I can’t anymore. I exhale slowly, and with every bit of air that escapes from my mouth, another wave of pleasure attacks my pussy.The wet spot under me gets even bigger, and Maxx pumps even harder. He doesn’t give me a chance to recover from my orgasm. He just keeps going! It takes me a few more seconds before the familiar feeling of pleasure begins to rise again inside me.“Maxx, wait a minute, please. I can’t cum again.” I can’t believe these words are coming out of my mouth.He slows down a bit. “Are you sure you want me to stop?”“No wait, I don’t know. Don’t stop.”“Alright, but I’m close! Where do you want me to cum?”“Cum on me! I want to feel your cum running hot over my titties!”He does not need more motivation than that. He starts again with a hard, fast pace. I surrender myself once again to another orgasm, and then I feel him spray his molten pleasure all over my breasts.There is such an intimate feeling about what has just happened.  I relax, with my eyes closed, while I softly rub his cum over my nipples.  Maxx moves my hand away, puts his mouth over one nipple, and starts sucking as if he is in need of breast milk.   I cannot believe that my pussy immediately responds again as he nibbles my nipples.(Nibbles my nipples – I like the poetry in these words.)He is not finished with me yet. Slowly his head moves down my body until he settles with his mouth on my pussy.  His tongue starts moving over my clit and then he starts plunging his tongue into me.  This is one of the sensations that I love most.  I don’t think that I will be able to orgasm again, but….“Oh fuuuuuck, I’m cumming, Maxx.  Don’t stop!  Suck my clit!  Fuck! Fuck!”  And the next moment, Maxx softly bites down on that very sensitive little button, and I scream loud enough that the neighborhood can hear me. Afterward, it becomes very quiet.  Maxx moves up to the side of the bed, puts his cock in my mouth, and tells me to clean it for him.I mumble as I try to speak while he is still in my mouth.“So, Maxx, I hear there is a new Doctor in town who does personal examinations. Do you know if I will be able to get an appointment with him next week?”And suddenly the cock in my mouth grows a few inches.