* This post contains affiliate links, which are marked by an asterisk.Full Disclosure here.For the past several years of our 32+ years of marriage, we have enjoyed adding toys to our already pretty hot sex life. There have been a few that didn’t quite live up to our expectations. With most of them, it has been a good time to varying degrees. Our greatest had been a plug-in full-size wand (seeWand Magic). In 2022, we had a newcomer that rivaled the wand’s supremacy. This is theSatisfyer Penguin Pro.*While the wand is the biggest in our toy box, the Penguin is nearly the smallest. The wand is powerful, almost excessively so on full power, whereas the Penguin is subtle and gentle yet delivers just as powerful of an orgasm. The wand is loud; the Penguin, not so much. (Not going to hear either one over the volume of my wife’s screams anyway.) The wand produces great results when I twist and turn and move it about over my wife’s pussy and clit; the Penguin likes to find just the right spot and stay there with minimal movement if any. (The only time I have to move it is to keep up with her as her body starts writhing and thrashing). Two very different devices, both with most extraordinary results.First, let me tell you about this little guy. The device uses air pulse technology instead of direct contact vibrations. It has a small opening designed to sit directly over the tip of the clitoris. Air pulses are generated inside the opening, and they stimulate the clit. It has ten levels of intensity, starting almost unnoticeably low. We almost always get it to the top setting by the time we’re done. Apparently, some other Satisfyer air-pulse devices start out higher and get stronger from there.My wife has responded interestingly from the lower settings when I’ve backed it down after she orgasmed (multiple times) and held it there for a little bit. Understand this isn’t suction; it is pulses of air. It does create a bit of a suction feeling. If you put your fingertip on it, you might think it is creating suction. But when you remove your finger, there is no pull on it. So if you’re not fond of suction in sensitive areas, don’t be afraid of this.The Penguin name reflects that the device is shaped like a penguin, covered in silky-smooth black and white silicone, complete with a tiny bow tie. They also make a pink and white version. You have to see it to understand its cuteness, and cuteness got me to buy it. This was something different, and I didn’t have any idea if my wife was going to enjoy it.In 2021 we started our “Naughty Stockings” Christmas tradition. These stockings stay in our room, and we fill them with little, mostly inexpensive, sexy, suggestive treats. We agreed that there would be one higher-priced item, and I chose the Penguin. If it wasn’t enjoyable, at least she would like it because it was a cute penguin sex toy. She loves penguins; I mean, who doesn’t?It didn’t take long for us to discover this penguin wasn’t just cute; he came to PLAY! Once we got through a fairly short learning curve of finding how to position it just right and for me to get used to not moving it, she quickly exploded into an intense orgasm, and the waves kept cumming.We were immediately convinced this little toy was worth the price (an observation my wife has repeated multiple times.) We decided he needed a name. Not all of our toys have names, but we have christened a few. With his distinguished, tuxedoed look, we decided on Xavier Thomas Chadbourne (X.T.C.).Xavier quickly became our most used toy. He was easier to use on an impulse than the wand and slightly more discrete. With the wand, we have to uncoil the cord and get out of bed to plug it in. It’s worth it when we prepare, but it can be an interruption. However, I am writing this in a hotel room with outlets in the headboard. I may have to look into this.He is the only toy that we have made regular use of in the shower. Yes, it is completely waterproof. In fact, the seller suggests the feeling is more intense when used underwater. My wife didn’t think that was necessarily the case with her tub trial. We don’t know how often we used it last year, but probably more than all our other toys combined. I estimated that if we used it an average of twice a week, that is 104 times. My wife said that’s probably a conservative estimate.Different positions continue to be the challenge to find the right spot. There are a few positions I just can’t seem to make work. But that’s okay. There are plenty of ways it works soooo good. The first time in the shower, I had a little trouble getting it right—then I found it, and she lit up! That’s when I first used the line, “The penguin has landed!”This has also been the only toy that she has enjoyed using on herself. She was not really into using the other toys herself but preferred me to use them. But she took over Xavier a few times and brought herself to orgasms. She did bring herself to orgasm with the wand once when she was on her knees, her lips around my—well, that’s a different story.She now enjoys having control of the Penguin frequently, sometimes holding it underneath while I take her from behind. Often she uses it while she is on her back, and I’m at her side working on cumming on her tits. During an extremely intense, lengthy session, we paused for a break, and she saw Xavier. She grabbed him and began working herself over. I just sat back with my cock in my hand and watched her bring herself to multiple orgasms.She once told me that if something happened to me, she would throw out all the toys and just keep the wand. Xavier is now in that exclusive group. We are eager to get theSatisfyer Pro2*someday. A video review from an online sex toy store said of the Pro 2, “If you can handle this on its highest setting, I will bow down to you.” But there is still plenty of fun to have with our little Xavier. So unless something happens to him, I’m sure 2023 is going to be “The Year of the Penguin: 2.”