The summer had been brutal, the hottest Ron and Ann had experienced. Temperatures had been in the 90s, and more than one day exceeded 100oF. Their back yard was heavily forested and nicely shaded, but at 100o, shading just wasn’t enough to make it comfortable. They had considered putting in a pool, but it turned out to be cost-prohibitive.One Saturday, while shopping, they came across an inexpensive plastic pool meant for children that just might meet their needs. It was 12 feet in diameter and 30 inches deep. It would not do for diving or swimming, but it was perfect for cooling off after being outside on a hot day. They bought it and a couple of floats, and Ron assembled it that afternoon. Unfortunately, that turned into a bigger project than he anticipated, and by the time he finished, it was too late in the day to use it.Anne joined him in the back yard as the pool filled with water that evening. He put his arm around her shoulders, and she put hers around his waist. In her other hand, she held another purchase she’d made while he had finished assembling the pool. With a knowing smile, she showed Ron the contents of her sack. It was a sign saying,NO SKINNY DIPPING BEFORE 6 PM.“We’ll need to be a bit careful where we put this when the grandchildren come to visit,” she said.Sunday promised to be perfect weather to break in the pool. They ended up taking two cars to church since Ron had commitments that would keep him busy after the service. But Anne had no obligations and was looking forward to her first swim. Ron headed home to join her when he finished with his afternoon activities and lunch.Coming in the front door, he called out for Anne. Receiving no answer, he assumed she was in the back, already taking advantage of their new pool. So he changed out of his church clothes and into his swimsuit and headed out back; he found her gliding back and forth in the pool. To his delight, she was wearing only the swimsuit she’d been born in.She was using a slow, appropriately-named breaststroke to glide back and forth between the sides of the pool. Her long brown hair floated out behind her along her back, with her derrière barely breaking the water’s surface. Ron smiled as he leaned on the deck rail—his reaction to the beauty of God’s gift—and watched his wife slowly glide around the pool, unaware of his presence.As Anne reached the far side of the pool, she turned onto her back and, for the first time, realized he was there. Despite the years they’d been married, she couldn’t avoid the instinctive reaction to cover her breasts and pussy. Ron’s smile turned into a large grin as she blushed, and she responded by spreading her arms and legs and saying, “You like what you see?” But her cheeks retained their tinge of pink.“Oh, very much,” Ron said as he looked down at her teats protruding from the water. When she spread her legs to emphasize the curly brown patch between them, a tent formed in his swimsuit.“Then join me,” Anne said with all embarrassment gone.It was an invitation Ron was eager to accept. He stepped down from the deck and over the side of the shallow pool. The water was cool but not uncomfortable as he glided over to take his wife into his arms for a hug. As he bent over to kiss her, Anne’s nipples hardened against his bare chest.As Ron straightened up beside her in the knee-deep water, Anne immediately reached out to catch the drawstring at his waist. When she pulled, the bow came untied, and the trunks caught on his erection as they dropped. She freed the suit and, taking his shaft in her hand, said, “Well, hello!” with a smile of her own.Ron reached over the wall to pull their two floats into the pool. Then they each climbed onto one and lay on their backs. As the floats drifted together, his hand felt through the brown curly hair between her legs until he could hold her lips. She responded by dropping her legs to either side of her float, and Ron began lightly rubbing what he had nicknamed “her lady parts.”They lay side by side, contented, until she said, “Pussy wants more.”Ron then slipped off his float and turned hers until he was looking directly between her legs. With her legs spread on either side of the float, her exposed vagina was opened wide, and her feminine lips had already swollen because of his affection earlier.Ron pulled the float under him until he could kiss her tiny erection. Then he began running his tongue up and down the slit between her lips and the folds on either side, enjoying the taste of her “garden,” as he liked to call it. Each time he touched her clitoris, he could feel her pussy reach out for more.Anne’s legs began to shake. Helpless to control it, she began to pulsate. With each contraction, she leaked a little female liquid, but she and Ron had been married long enough not to be bothered. As her afterglow washed over her, she relaxed into a doze.A few moments later, she looked up at Ron standing beside her with the effect of her orgasm on him evident. Anne reached up and took hold of his erection.“Pussy is still interested in more.” She stood, and he watched as she stepped out of the pool to pick up a towel. His gaze followed her until she finished drying, then walked to the back door. There was something magical about seeing his wife walking stark naked in the back yard; his erection was also obviously enjoying the view.He picked up the towel she dropped and started drying himself as he headed to the back door. When he reached the bedroom, he found Anne on her back on the bed. She had drawn up her knees to her chest and was holding them there—it spread her “lady parts” as wide as possible. With a couple of steps, Ron was in her, enjoying the gift she offered him. With the foreplay he’d had, it took only a moment or two for him to cum.Anne let her legs down, and Ron leaned forward to lay his cheeks on her teats. There is wonder and freedom in marriage. It was going to be especially fun to experience that freedom in a little pool in a private back yard.