Hi Friends!I tried to post an introduction before, but for some reason, it didn’t correctly post so I’m trying again.My Name is NorthernSky. The meaning is simple: I live in the North, I enjoy stargazing, and I am a hopeless romantic.In a nutshell, I am a man who has a high sex drive and loves to write, although I wouldn’t call myself a writer.I write heavily about sports in online sports forums, and I thought I might try my hand at writing erotica, because I enjoy erotica.I eventually found my way to this forum after a recommendation from a friend. You should know that I am Christian. I’ve dabbled a bit in writing erotica in secular spaces, but the stories that do well on those websites tend to be highly sexually deviant, beyond what I am comfortable dwelling on or extensively writing about. So, I’m here because I believe I have a lot of monogamous experiences to share that perhaps will be more appreciated here. It seems they are too dull for the more edgy online forums, but what can I do? I have to be me.My writing style is something akin to an Impressionist painting. I tend to focus more on the feelings, emotions, sights, and sounds of pleasure, rather than on the exact facts of what occurred. As such, I take a bit of artistic license when writing. However, I base all my erotic writing on very real experiences. If you have any questions about any of my stories, regarding what is factual and what is ornamental, please feel free to ask. I won’t be offended!I would like to know from the readers of this forum what sort of stories you are most interested in, as that would help me better explore my writing capacity on this site. I initially intended to write a lot of fictional erotic stories, and still have some of those in the works. But after writing a few, I have settled into a groove of writing about my own desires and experiences and shared moments with my wife, as we’ve had some exciting moments that could make for some fun stories as long as the reader is interested in monogamy. I just need to know what sort of stories you most want to hear about us. Whatever your preference, we’ve probably either experienced it or role-played about it.Drop me a comment and say hi!NorthernSky