My husband Rick and I love to roleplay, and this is one our favorite scenarios. We do it all the time. Now, as I have said before, my husband loves to show me off. It actually turns us both on. So here is the story we act out.I decide to go out to local club to grab a drink and see if I can catch the attention of anyone. It has been so long since I have been fucked, and maybe tonight will be the night. I put on my red garter belt, G-string, and matching bra. Wearing garter belts and stockings makes me feel so sexy, so I wear them quire often.With them, I wear a super-tight red dress that showed lots of cleavage; it barely covers my big tits and hugs my every curve. My garter bumps showed underneath it. Next comes red stiletto heels and red lipstick—I’m truly the “lady in red.” The last thing I put on is my choker collar. Checking myself in the mirror, I admit I look hot and slutty. I head downstairs, out to the car, and to the club. As I drive, my skirt pulls up to my thighs and uncovers my garters hooked to my stockings.I think about how much I need to be fucked. My pussy is getting wet as the thoughts run through my head. Then I doubt, thinking that I am older and thick. Why would anyone still want me? Still, if I don’t get any action tonight, I will come home and use my toy.The club is about ten minutes away by highway. As I drive, I hear the truck drivers blowing their horns at me. I’m sure they can look down into my car and see my stockings. I decide to have a little fun, and I pull my tits out to flash them and squeeze my nipples as they honk. This make my pussy even wetter.I arrive at the club and freshen my lipstick before walking in. As I head to a table, I notice guys staring, and I made sure to shake my ass. I take a seat near the back of the club with my back against the wall so I can see everyone. Noticing a handsome, super sexy, younger man staring at me, I smile back at him. He is so much younger than me, but I have heard younger men can fuck for hours.Different guys come up and ask me to dance, and I can see him looking. He watches as we dance together, but none of them do anything for me, and as I sit back down, the young man comes over.“Hello. My name is Rick, and you’re the most sexy woman in here. May I sit down?”I blush and say, “Yes, please.” We sit and chat, and I ask him his age.“I am 35,” he replies. (Not his real age by the way, lol.)I smile and say, “Well, I am 55 (my real age), and my name is Paula.”He asks me to dance. As he stands up, I notice he’s over six feet tall and has a great body. I also notice the huge bulge in his pants, and I think to myself,no way is he that big.As we dance, he holds me close. We talk and laugh, and then his hands go to my ass. He has strong hands, and I feel his huge bulge as he holds me close and kisses me. My panties almost drop right there.I asked him if he would like to come back to my place. He agrees, and we head out. I tell him to follow me in his car and as I drive home, I keep thinking of that big cock and how I want it so badly.We arrive at my place, and I invited him in. Without missing a beat, he starts to kiss me and touch all over my body.He says, “I saw all the other guys hitting on you and dancing with you. How am I the lucky one to come home with you?” As he squeezes my ass, he pulls his shirt off.Without answering, I pulled my dress over my head and stand in my garter belt, stockings, and G-string.He says, “I am going to fuck you like you’ve never been fucked before!”I throw my dress on the floor and drop to my knees in front of him. When I unzip his pants, the biggest cock I have every seen pops out. I can’t help myself and start to suck his cock slowly. As I look up at him, he moans and thrust his cock down my throat. I suck every inch of him into my mouth.Finally, he grabs my hair with both hands and says, “I am going to cum down your throat!” He floods my mouth with cum, spurt after spurt, and I swallow every drop.Then I stand up and lead him to the bedroom. Lying on my bed and spreading my legs wide, I tell him, “Fuck me with that cock.”Without missing a beat, he gets on top, and I put my legs around his neck. Then, he started to slam my pussy into our bed, fucking me to oblivion.I’m screaming so loud that I’m sure the neighbors can hear. “FUCK ME like a slut!” I beg, “TAKE MY PUSSY!”Rick says, “I am going to cum in your pussy, baby.”“Fill me up with that young cum,” I yell.He floods my pussy with cum. We fall asleep together with his cum still running out of me, his arm flung possessively over my body.