Even though it’s mid-Spring, there’s still snow in the mountains where we are, so Lucy and I decided to take the kids up for a ski weekend. After spending most of the day helping our boys down the slopes, Lucy and I were definitely ready to unwind back at our condo.The place we rented had a hot tub, which the boys loved. After dinner we all suited up, and the four of us relaxed in the warm water—at least, Lucy and I tried to relax! The boys were more interested in who could stay underwater the longest. Eventually they tired, and I helped them dry off and go get ready for bed.When I returned, Lucy was leaning back in the tub with her arms stretched out to either side, resting her elbows on the edge. A glass of wine was perched next to her, and another sat waiting at the other side of the jacuzzi. She was wearing a dark green one-piece swimsuit. Her breasts aren’t particularly large, but they are perfectly shaped, and the way she was sitting with her arms stretched out to the side lifted her chest out of the water. I admired her hard nipples poking through the fabric of the suit.I lowered myself into the tub across from her as he took a slow sip of wine. I raised my glass. “To my sexy ski bunny,” I said.“To my studly ski patrol dude,” she answered.The jets and steam from the jacuzzi sent a warm mist from the water’s surface. Tiny drops settled on Lucy’s sternum. She took another sip of wine, closed her eyes, leaned her head back, and arched her body so her tits pushed up even higher. She stretched out one leg and brushed my crotch with the ball of her foot. My cock leapt at her touch. Lucy opened her eyes and smiled devilishly at me.“What’s so exciting?” she asked.I took gentle hold of her ankle, then lifted it out of the water to suck on her toes.“I think you know,” I said.Lucy sighed with pleasure. Her chest rose and fell, nipples still firm. Then she pulled her foot away and, sitting up straight, leaned forward with her arms down in front of her, her elbows nearly touching in order to push her breasts closer together. The neckline of her suit gapped enough so I could get a glimpse of one pink nipple.I hopped onto the edge of the tub and sat with my feet in the water. My erection was straining at my swim trunks.“Got something for me?” Lucy whispered.Without a word, I slipped off my swimsuit and tossed it to the side. Now, I’m not a massively endowed guy, but sometimes when I am particularly aroused, I can get bigger than usual. (I’ve never measured, but Lucy has commented on it.) My balls get really tight, too. This was one of those times.I stood up and walked around the tub until I was behind Lucy, then knelt and rubbed the back of her neck. She leaned her head to one side, and I massaged her shoulder. Then I reached down and, with two hands, pulled the straps of her suit off her shoulders and down off her chest to reveal her milky white breasts.Lucy’s breathing started to get more labored. She lifted her head, and I kissed her. My hands cupped both breasts and squeezed them firmly. Kissing her deeply, I rubbed her nipples between my thumb and forefinger, then brushed them with the back of my hand.Lucy reached behind her to stroke my cock. Her positioning wasn’t great, so she couldn’t get a great hold on it, but that was fine—I was enjoying myself immensely.After a few minutes of breast worship, I motioned for Lucy to sit on the edge of the tub. She leaned her back against me, and together we rolled her suit down past her tummy, then navigated some awkward shifting as she raised her hips and pulled her suit all the way off. Now we were both naked.I reached down to caress the inside of Lucy’s thigh, and she spread her legs for me. My fingers stroked her wet mound. As I probed her opening, I could tell she wasn’t well lubricated (water can do that), so I brought my hand up to her mouth.“Suck on my fingers,” I told her.Lucy leaned forward and took three of my fingers in her mouth, sucking them and running her tongue around them. She looked up at me.On a whim, I said, “Good girl.”Lucy’s eyes widened. She pulled her head away from my hand. “What did you say?”I decided to double down. “You’re my good girl,” I whispered.“In our twenty years of marriage, you’ve never said anything like that.”“Maybe it’s time,” I said.I reached down and used my newly-moistened fingers to spread her pussy lips, rubbing her clit with my thumb while I pushed my middle finger into her warm folds. Lucy lifted her hips. I reached my other hand underneath to cup her ass, and her knees fell further apart. My thumb tickled her clit while my fingers danced around and inside her pussy.She turned her face toward me. “Can I suck your fingers again?” she asked.“Of course,” I said and lifted my hand to her waiting lips.As she sucked—even more intensely this time—she began to touch herself, using both hands to play with her clit and explore her juicy pussy. I could feel her tension building. Small gasps escaped her as her hands quickened their pace. My hands played a supporting role, one at her breasts and the other holding her ass.I leaned down to kiss her, and she responded with a passionate French kiss. Finally, she began to shudder and moan.“Am I your good girl?” she whispered.“Always,” I said. “Even when you’re very bad…”