Part 1Part 2Part 3Seated on the counter, my wife guides my head to her hot, moist treasure. As I use my tongue to give her unbridled oral pleasure, she pulls me in. Quickly, her involuntary physical responses begin. Loud moans and sexual expletives flow from her lips, demanding more!With a sudden burst, she climaxes, almost violently! Wow, I’d gladly eat her out every night just to hear and see her erotic reactions! There’s something about being able to drive your spouse out of control, ha-ha.Soon, she begs me, “Honey… honey, please, I want you inside me… please,  “F…”  me, baby!  “F…” me now!”So I stand and insert the head of my cock in her glistening treasure. I intend to slowly penetrate her, but she wraps her warm feet around my butt and drives me inside her.Hungrily, she grasps my face, pulls me in for passionate kisses that let her taste more of her delicious juices. I love the fact that she enjoys her own flavor.We thrust aggressively, with total abandon. Her eyes are on fire with raw lust! She seems to want to feel every possible sensation, all at once—a surrender to her full sexual potential and desires, giving herself completely to me.Closing her eyes, she exclaims, “Ohhhhh, baby, that’s soooo good! Yeah, like that!” and her moans intensify. Her uninhibited (private) expletives excite me! She gives in to every desire in her mind, every need in her body.I enjoy the erotic view as her juices make our parts glisten.  My wife lies back and enjoys the pounding she’s getting. Then, as I slow down to prolong our pleasure, I pull her feet to my mouth, nibbling and kissing them, exciting her even more.My climax is building, but I’m not ready to stop. So I pull out, kneel  down, lift her pretty knees, and plunge my tongue inside her again. In and out, up and down her wet labia, then working her tender clitoris, with her firm, luscious thighs surrounding my face! She moans with ultimate pleasure!To catch my breath, I move her toward the dining table, but she kneels down and takes my dick, guiding it to her tongue. Oh, man, how erotic she looks!With a moan of delight, she  looks up at me with those beautiful green eyes and says, “Mmm, I love the way we taste together, baby.”  Then she licks her juices off my dick.  Watching her tongue lap at me is so exotic, so amazing.Eventually I lift her up and kiss her passionately. When I turn her around, she bends forward and puts her forearms on top of the table, her gorgeous butt facing me. She voluntarily moves her feet apart and arches her back, opening her treasure for me, inviting me in. Wow!With my hands on her hips, I just gaze at this sultry sight, not wanting to lose the image of her most intimate attributes.I tease her by tracing her butt cleft with my dick. As she sighs, she welcomes the feeling with an approving giggle, not flinching as I graze her anus on my path toward her wet vagina. My dick throbs as I slowly insert it into her glistening flower.To be continued.