(L) – This story contains strong language.This happened a few days ago. Another MH writer inspired me to write this:“Do you want me to fuck your cunt with my big cock?” I asked my Melody as she nibbled my nipple and we took turns stroking my rod.Before she answered, I slid down into our X position with me on my side and her on her back. Her left leg was over my hip and her right leg was between my knees. I teased her wet twat’s labia with my dick’s hard tip.“PLEASE!” she begged. “I want Tommy to fuck my pussy with his big cock! Stop teasing me!”“So you want me to fuck your cute cunt?” I teased.Of course I had previously, in this very sex session, massaged one beautiful breast while I feasted upon her opposite lovely tit. I had also loved lingually on her swollen clit and, like I’ve told her many times before, what a delicious pussy and clitty she has!As she had given me my holiday blow job (for Father’s Day), I told her that she was so fucking good at it! “In fact,” I added, “You are so good at orally fucking me, with your cute little mouth or fucking me with your sweet tight pussy! Because I’m not doing all the fucking when we make love. You fuck me right back!”“I love fucking you too!” she responded.Anyway, after she begged to be fucked, I rammed my aroused, oversized cock into her wet and ready “cute cunt.” Remember that I did call her pussy that right before my dick commenced the pounding fuck!“I love watching your boobs bounce while I’m fucking you!” I cried out. “You are so fucking beautiful when we are fucking! I love you so much!”“The feeling’s mutual! Now fuck me harder!” SHE cried out. (The more aroused Melody is, the more spicy words cum out of her little sexy mouth.)Of course I did fuck her faster and harder! I then came inside her pussy like a train blasting its horn inside a tunnel!I slid up and attacked her boobs. The sex had her so fucking close, so as she buzzed her clit, I sucked one tit hard and pinched the other, and she had a really short fuse. She stiffened, her back arched clear off of the bed, and her nude, sexy, curvy body shook violently. And she gasped out in her raspy sex-voice, “I’m c-coming!”As she came down from Nirvana, I reiterated to her how she’s so fucking good. Or good at fucking! She laughed at that.We went on to more fucking fun, but I’ll stop there to make a point: Spicy or sexy or erotic language has enhanced our love life.We don’t use sexual slang as swear words. But due to the influence of Marriage Heat writers, over the last couple of years we have begun to incorporate sex slang terms into our lovemaking sessions. When just talking about sex with each other we’ll use that language too.Just yesterday my wife was taking a picture of me for an ID badge and to get a real smile she said, “Remember that last blow job?”Of course I smiled genuinely and she snapped the picture. Three years ago she never would have said “blow job.”So again, we don’t say things like “Fuck you!” to anyone else. But we WILL say to each other things like, “I really wanna fuck you!”When we see politicians we dislike on TV, we don’t say, “Fuck you!” nor “He’s a fucking idiot!” But we WILL say to each other things like, “Your pussy is so fun to fuck!” and “Your cock feels so good fucking my pussy!”We don’t say things like “That computer is really fucked up” or “that guy is such a pussy.” But we WILL say things like we said just today while driving in our car together:“I remember the first time you gave me a blow job,” I had said to my wife. “You couldn’t get my big cock in your cute little mouth at first. Then you flexed your jaw wide open like a snake and…“…And I swallowed your cock whole!” she said with a laugh.Of course, we don’t just talk about sex in our marriage. And sex words are not the only words we say when making love. But those spicy sex slang words can enhance the “fucking fun” in a marriage.I looked up some older English sex slang words and we’ve learned some of them like:Making a green gown = sex in the grassCreaming the kitty = giving virginity or just cumming inside the wife during sexRide a dragon upon Saint George = cowgirl sex positionPlow my garden = penis in vagina sexMy garden = vaginaLady’s lollipop = penis / fellatioMake feet for children’s stockings = sex to get wife pregnantEating seafood = cunninlingusI know our use of spicy erotic language would shock many Christians. But we are not talking about swearing, AKA using expletives. We are using the erotic terms with their correct definition.We wish people would stop using sex words as expletives… except when specifically referring to the very wonderful acts of married sex or during sex sessions with their spouse. That would be quite a paradigm shift to view those words as erotic enhancements instead of offensive words and phrases.Telling someone you don’t like, etc., “Fuck you!” implies sexual violence, and that is very negative and evil. But telling your spouse that you wanna fuck them senseless is a very, very positive statement. Quite honestly I think the Lord approves of Melody and I using sex slang in our sex life within our marriage. Again, we use those words and phrases in a way that involves the correct definition of those terms.The MH writer who gets credit for inspiring this post goes to SophTea. I read her “Delicious New Horizons” story today. She expressed that she hasn’t always used sexy words, but she’s the queen of creative sexy language now!