This is an extended version of a comment I made about a wonderful story I just read by MoseW, “Lacy’s Breast Milk“.  He told of the kindness of him telling his distraught wife, Lacy, how beautiful she is when pregnant. I think that many pregnant wives don’t realize lovely they are to their husbands. It was kind of him to relieve his wife’s breast discomfort, and it was clearly good sexy fun for both of them.I have read research that semen from the husband of a pregnant wife has very positive effects, including less pre-eclampsia, less morning sickness, more sense of well-being, etc.It appears from some of the research that there is a benefit to the pregnant wife swallowing her husband’s semen. Semen in the vagina or swallowed 4-6 months before pregnancy and during pregnancy helps prevent the woman’s body from a bad immune response to the fetus. And before conception, long-term exposure to the husband’s semen vaginally is very important, too.One studyconcluded that swallowing the husband’s semen during pregnancy helped prevent pre-eclampsia, possibly attributable to Human leukocyte antigens (HLA) in his cum. And cunnilingus plus fellatio is a good way to have a sexual experience together if intercourse is difficult in late pregnancy. But exposure to the husband’s semen was even more important in the first and second trimesters.Another studyindicated that semen in the vagina of even non-pregnant women increased their sense of well-being – like a natural antidepressant. [The women in this study were sexually active college students, but the science should hold true for married women.]Interestingly, the semen from a man who was not the father of the fetus had somedetrimentaleffects.One study concluded that all this is (hard) scientific evidence for long-term monogamous relationships. (Pun intended!)So I think all this supports that a faithful marriage is the best way to reproduce, and for that matter, it is the best way to be happy! Of course, this should be of no surprise to Christians or people of other religious traditions that promote marriage.Satan strives to convince us that sex outside of marriage is the best sex, but numerous studies have shown that long-term committed married couples have the most satisfaction in their sexual relationship and their relationship as a whole.We are way past the age of reproductive sex, but my Melody and I sure have fun practicing!  Even so, I thought this information might be useful to younger MH readers.