(L) – This story contains strong language.My husband and I finally felt the call to have children. After I flushed my birth control down the toilet, we made love multiple times a week. There’s something exciting about knowing every time you come together, you can create a life.I took pregnancy test after pregnancy test, but all were negative. I didn’t worry too much about it. I know these things take time. So my husband and I just continued our lovemaking.We continued to enjoy each other (those stories are coming soon), but eventually, we both started to get worried and question why I wasn’t pregnant. I thought maybe we were doing it wrong. I looked up advice online, and we even tried certain positions. Still, no pregnancy.Finally, we decided to go to a doctor to find out what was wrong. Let’s just say the news was devastating for us. Our hearts dropped. We had fertility issues and it was making it hard to conceive. I cried for so many days and asked the Lord, “Why us?” I wanted to feel a baby growing inside me so badly. I wanted to know our lovemaking resulted in our child. But I knew God had a plan for us.My husband and I considered our options. We decided on adoption. We felt God pull us towards it. We just knew God wanted us to adopt. I felt it in my heart and soul.Adoption isn’t foreign to me. My parents adopted some of my siblings. My grandmother was adopted too, and I knew there are many kids who need a loving home. My husband’s best friend was adopted and his cousin was adopted. That was a huge sign that it was meant to be, and as we prayed, we felt God’s calling even stronger than before.We filled out a ton of paperwork, did our background check, our homestudy, and got together expenses. We created a profile showing our Christian lifestyle and our desire to be parents.Then, we waited.As we waited, we continued to make love. My husband and I decided against fertility treatment. We both knew it was in God’s hands if He wanted us to be parents. We felt through God that our child was out there. We didn’t worry about pregnancy anymore. We were relieved to have answers for why I wasn’t getting pregnant. We just had fun being together. We made love and tried new things while we waited on God’s perfect timing to become parents to our baby. Sex being fun was what we needed.Little did we expect, we got a call one day.I remember getting the call and crying my eyes out. I quickly called my husband who took off work. A birth mom had chosen us to adopt.We were with a wonderful Christian agency that helped match us. The birth mom wanted to meet us in person, and we had a wonderful time together. She wanted her baby raised in a loving Christian home, so she said as soon as she saw our profile, she felt God telling her that He wanted us as her baby’s parents. She just knew we were the perfect fit.The birth mom was—and is—so amazing and strong. We got to experience every ounce of pregnancy with her. We attended church together, did a photoshoot, and had a baby shower with her.When it was time to deliver, Birth Mom called us during active labor. I remember getting the call.“Come quick,” she said. “Your baby is almost here!”Our baby was going to be here soon, and she didn’t want us to miss it. My husband and I got to the hospital quickly. We dropped everything as we headed to the hospital, our hearts racing at what was to come.After much prayer and support, I saw one of the most amazing things in my life. I was holding Birth Mom’s hand and encouraging her. I was praying over her. She decided on a natural birth, and spent 27 hours in labor. (Our baby wasn’t ready to come out yet, lol!)One more big push and we witnessed our beautiful daughter be born into the world. She was immediately placed into my arms at Birth Mom’s request. She told all the staff to give our daughter to her mom (me). My husband cut the cord and I did skin to skin. We took lots of pictures and videos together and prayed again. We cried at this sweet moment knowing birth mom made such a selfless choice, and knowing how God bonded us all together as one. We thank God for matching Birth Mom with us, and for the gift of our precious daughter.After a few days in the hospital, we all went home. We were finally parents!I can’t believe this beautiful, strong woman chose my husband and I as parents. We will forever cherish her. She made the most selfless decision of her life. The most special part is that our daughter, our beautiful baby girl, was born on December 25. Yep, Christmas Day! She is best Christmas present ever!Life with a newborn was hectic, but we loved every ounce of it. We bonded immediately with our daughter, and our entire world was focused on her. We just couldn’t put her down. We were—and are—so in love. We love being a mommy and daddy. It’s such a wonderful feeling knowing this tiny human was created in God’s perfect image, and that we get the privilege of being parents.My husband and I didn’t make love for some time as we got used to being new parents. Our daughter was our first priority. We fell in love instantly and became a family. We couldn’t think about making love when our dream of becoming a mom and dad finally came true.Seven weeks in, as I put our baby girl to sleep in her nursery, my husband came to rub my back. It wasn’t a regular back rub at all. I felt it then.As we both watched our sleeping daughter, suddenly I felt something I hadn’t felt in weeks.It was an automatic response, a sensation like a tingle. I looked into my husband’s eyes and knew what we had to do.As my husband and I held hands, we turned off the light to our daughter’s nursery and headed to our own bedroom for some much needed parental fun.From the very beginning, it was slow but exciting. Every step seemed to last forever!Our clothes were removed slowly. Kisses were tender and made me melt. As our clothes dropped and my nipples hardened, my husband’s erection grew bigger. I felt my body screaming with desire. I felt an intense puddle between my legs as my husband kissed my neck and carried me to our bed.Our passion only increased as our bodies prepared for each other. We wrapped around each other as our mouths met. My pussy just got wetter and wetter. Slow and steady wins it all.We enjoyed each other to the core and back. Our bodies were getting hotter to the touch, my nipples were so hard they felt ready to pop, and my husband’s erection was as hard as a rock.As we both lay naked, the anticipation was killing us! Our breathing was heavy, and kept intensifying. Yet he kept teasing me. I hated it—but loved it—as I just kept getting even more aroused. Both our bodies were waiting, yearning to connect.I begged as he took his time. I felt his hard member right outside my hole.When it was time, I spread wide for him. The anticipation was killing me as he shallowly dipped himself in me. Again and again.“Ugh,” I moaned. “Just do it!”My husband ignored me. Shallow thrusts. Teasing motions. My body was hot to the touch. I wanted him so badly.“Just do it!” I moaned, more insistent, pulling him in on top of me.Finally, I just couldn’t take it anymore. My body wanted all of him. I missed him. I motioned for him to put it all in me, but again, he refused.“No, enjoy the moment,” he whispered.Enjoy it?! I hated it!Hatedit! My body was craving what it had missed, and he wouldn’t give it to me!Finally I broke down, begging.“Please, baby! Please put your cock inside my wet hole. It needs you!”My husband still refused! He was driving me crazy… and making me wetter and wetter. My pussy was so wet now that I was leaking.Finally, after much pleading and begging, I resorted to threats that if he wouldn’t do it, I would take over and put all of him inside me, and I wouldn’t let him go.When he didn’t do anything differently, I made good on those threats. I demanded we switch positions, rolled him over so I was on top, and pinned him down. Now I was in charge. I was going to get what I wanted, one way or another.Gosh, his body and cock are beautiful,I thought to myself as I gently lowered myself onto it.Then… That feeling. That sweet feeling I was missing.I slowly felt him separate my neglected walls that hadn’t been touched for 7 weeks. My walls sucked him right in and held onto him. I couldn’t get off and stop once it got started.After such a long time of teasing, I finally felt it. I let out a loud gasp. I felt so weak and vulnerable.I lowered myself until all of him was in me. I felt him reach up and take hold of my hips. We were both ready.“Come for me,” he said. “Let me see you come on my cock.”So I rocked back and forth ever so gently, but I just couldn’t take it anymore. My body needed him.So I rode him. I rode his cock hard and fast until he took over helping me grind my hips until…“OMG, I’m coming! I yelled as I released hard, my body shaking as the climax took my breath away. It ripped through me hard and lasted for what it seemed like a lifetime.“Shittt…” I said as my body continued to shake on top of him.Once I finally relaxed, I kissed him in awe.“I’m going to pound your sweet pussy,” he said.And that’s exactly what happened.My husband fucked me hard. His cock pounded in and out of me, and I could hear his body slapping against my sweet hole.Our screams of pleasure and moans filled the room as our bodies burned with the fires of passion at what we had missed. Our aroused bodies connected and worked as one. We were truly the only ones in the room. There was nothing but us and our passion.“Oh shittttt!” my husband yelled. “Fuck!”I knew what had just happened as he filled my sweet hole.“Yes, baby,” I moaned. “Fill your pussy up and come inside me.”“I love you so much,” my husband said, kissing me as he finished his release inside me.“I love you, baby,” I said.Before I knew what was happening, my husband got up, went to the bathroom, and came out with a washcloth to clean us both up.You would’ve thought our night ended here, right?It didn’t. 7 weeks without this—we just couldn’t let it end here. My husband and I fucked many times, long into the night. We were just getting started.After cleaning me up, he ate my sweet pussy slowly until I couldn’t take it anymore.I didn’t care at that point if I screamed from the rooftops. When I felt my release coming, I pulled the sheets, squeezed my husband’s head hard, and couldn’t control myself.“Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit. Fucckkkkk!” I screamed. “OMG, I’m coming. I’m coming. OMG!”My release hit me hard, and I gave in to enjoy it. My body shook and thrashed as it enjoyed the pleasure.I smiled as my husband came up. “You eat me so good,” I said.“You love it when I eat your sweet pussy?” My husband asked.“Yes,” I said, grinning.“I love seeing you moan and come on my face,” my husband said. “I want to see you come again.”Before I knew it, my husband was rubbing my sweet pussy to pleasure and gave me another release.“Fuck,” I moaned as my high hit me again. I couldn’t help but scream…Again…And…Again.When I finished one, my husband gave me another by eating me out and rubbing me again.At some point in the intoxicating haze, I returned the favor by sucking him off and getting him hard again. His head fell back slightly as he moaned.As I tried to take him deep in my throat, he stopped me.“Not yet,” he said. “I’m gonna make up for all the times we’ve missed.”He motioned me on my stomach and I just knew what was going to happen. I just knew I was going to scream again and again. He knows I love and hate this position because, if he gets it right, it drives me crazy. I feel myself in another world, often thanking God for my husband and the gifts he created.My husband started slowly teasing me with his cock. Then… Just one slow, deep thrust made me weak.He mixed shallow and deep thrusts until my pussy was leaking wet, and I begged him to fuck me hard. Doggy drives me crazy, especially when he hits my sweet spot. I just couldn’t take it anymore—and he knew it too.“Oh, you’re about to come, huh?” my husband asked while still fucking me hard.“I hate youuuu,” I moaned.“You hate me?” He asked, hearing the obvious contradiction in my tone.“Yes… Because you’re there on my fucking spot!”“Oh really?” My husband said.“Yes,” I moaned.“Mmmm… I want you to come on my dick, baby,” he said.Tears welled into my eyes because I knew I was at the edge.“Oh, that’s it,” my husband said. “This feels good?”“Yes!” I moaned. “I’m gonna come. I’m gonna come!”“Mmm, come on me,” my husband said, fucking me even harder, throwing me over the edge.I felt it immediately.“I’m coming! OMG! I’m coming!” I screamed.My entire body was wracked with pleasure! My eyes rolled back and I saw stars as I lost all control. It felt like forever in total bliss.“Oh, I love it when you come,” my husband said with a smile.He knew he was on my sweet spot, and he was going to make use of that!I had barely recovered when he resumed pounding my pussy from behind, bringing me near my high again.My moans filled the room, and I didn’t care if it echoed. My pleasure had to be released.“Oh, baby! I’m coming on youuuu! I’m coming!” I screamed as my body shook intensely. “Fuckkk!” I moaned.“I love this shit. I love it when you come on my hard dick,” my husband said, slapping my ass. “I want you to come again. Just one more time,” he said before fucking me hard again.His cock teased my inner parts as he built another deep release in me. He knew he was hitting the right spots.“You’re ’bout to come on me again, aren’t you?” he asked.I struggled to form words. I felt it again.“Mmmm. Come on this dick,” my husband whispered in my ear, still pounding me.“Shit,” I moaned. “I don’t want to. If I do I’m going to cry.”“I want you to,” he said, fucking me deeper.That’s when I lost it completely. I was trying to hold on, but couldn’t.“Yeah, that’s right,” he said. “Come for me.”“If I come, I’m going to scream!” I moaned as my release built, now inevitable.“Good,” my husband said, thrusting deep into me. “Come for me.”I felt it right there. I knew it was there waiting. My husband knew too.“That feels good right?” My husband asked.“Yes, I moaned,” my eyes rolling back.“Come for me,” he said.“If you keep saying that, I will,” I moaned.“Good. Come for me!” he said through hard thrusts.I couldn’t take it anymore.“Oooohhh, baby! Fuck you! I’m coming!” I screamed as my body pulsed and jerked, sending me through waves of happiness.It lasted forever—again.When it was over, I was exhausted, and tears filled my eyes.“I can’t,” I mumbled. “I can’t do it anymore. Fuck. My body is still enjoying what you did. I need a break.”So, that’s what we did for the next few minutes.But it still wasn’t over.When I had recovered, I deep throated my husband’s huge cock. He then decided to get on top of me, put my legs on his shoulders and fuck me yet again—gently, this time. Our mouths tasted each other sensually before he slowly entered me, and we wrapped around each other.As I held onto him, I whispered, “Now it’s your time to come.”I did a Kegel and squeezed my pussy around him to encourage his release, which drove him crazy.Before I knew it, I heard him moan, “Fuck, baby, I love youuuu! I’m ’bout to come.”Within seconds, I felt the pulsing deep inside me, and I knew his sweet semen was filling up my sweet, wet hole. I felt it as he pulled out of me and some spilled on the bed.We cuddled, enjoying our wonderful time together. We both missed this so much.We awoke to the morning sunshine, still cuddled in each other’s arms, hearing our daughter crying. It was a beautiful scene; icing on the cake to a beautiful night.Remember when I mentioned God’s timing is always perfect? It’s true. We remembered this night and wrote this story for MH, but we held off submitting it. Weeks after our fun little night together, we found out I was pregnant, and I’m currently carrying twins! Yep, two more babies that God decided to give us. Their conception date was the night this story took place. Gosh, how sweet is this? Just 7 weeks after becoming parents, God was creating more life for us. He had more in store for us after my husband and I accepted God’s plan.We didn’t even notice. We went from no kids and trying for a long time, only for God to give us three beautiful babies! Gosh we feel so lucky and blessed.What an amazing God we serve. We can’t wait for our daughter to become a big sister. We’ll have three under one, and that’s another adventure! But we are so blessed and ready.Now it’s our turn to share making love while being parents and pregnant, with a six-month-old and two babies we’re waiting to meet. All three keep us up and busy (yes, the babies love kicking mommy’s liver), but we still have time to make love.Stay tuned!