She laid there, snuggled up in her blanket. Her eyes started to blink open. The alarm had not quite began to scream at her to make her wake up. She didn’t want to get her day started just yet.It was a cold morning, and every time she thought about getting out of bed to pee, the warmth of her blanket pulled her back in. She rolled over, snuggling up to him while he slept on his side. His body felt warm and inviting, like a gentle heater that warmed her body as she pressed up against him. She wrapped her left arm around his shoulder and rested it on his chest. He laid there, slightly snoring, blissfully unaware how his morning was about to begin.She could feel his chest rising and falling with every breath he took. She could feel his chest muscles under her hand. The contours of his pecs danced under the fingers. She pulled her hand back, moving from his chest to his shoulder. She could feel the muscles in his shoulder. They were tense and tight. She knew he had been working out to feel better, but not until now did she realize how much his body was becoming stronger. He didn’t have a perfect physique, but she could tell that his arms were stronger and more defined.She began to rub the newfound muscles in his shoulders and arms. Each curve in his arms felt like a new place to explore with her hands. It began to excite her. She ran her hand down his shoulder and down his arms. She gently ran her hands up and down his left shoulder and arm, feeling every curve of his bicep. With each stroke of her arm, she started to kiss the back of his neck.He finally started to stir. He realized that she was caressing his arms and his shoulder. He laid there for a moment, just enjoying her touch and kisses. He turned his body to lay on his back, and she began to rub his chest. Her hand danced from his chest to the lower part of his stomach. Every time her hand moved up and down, his body began to arch with anticipation of her hand and where it might go.She knew that he was starting to get aroused. She could feel his body move every time her hand moved.She kissed him. “Good morning,” she said softly.“Good morning,” he replied. “What a wonderful way to wake up.”He moved his arm behind her head, pulling her head into each kiss on his neck and lips. Her head rested on his chest. She could hear his heartbeat pounding in his chest. Her left leg began to wrap around him. She began to move her leg up and down, kissing his neck again and rubbing his chest. With every kiss she became more aroused.“What did I do to deserve this?” he asked.“Nothing,” she said. “I am just happy to wake up next to you and feel your warm body touching mine.”The call of her bladder was starting to become stronger. She tried to ignore it, but knew she was going to have to pee soon.“I’ll be right back,” she said. “I have to pee. Make sure you keep my side warm while I am gone.”She got out of bed. The coldness in the house hit her. Now shereallyhad to pee! She ran to the restroom. He watched her as she jumped out of bed, exposing her bare bottom. Her brown hair flowed down to just above her waist. She looked back over her shoulder and gave him a smile.“Be back in a minute,” she said.He watched her in awe as she ran to the bathroom. He slid over to her side of the bed so it would stay warm. He watched the bathroom doorway, anticipating her return. After going pee, she walked back out of the bathroom, and in that moment he could see her bare breasts, the contours of her stomach, and how her hips moved as she ran for the bed. It was a beautiful sight. It seemed as if time stopped in that moment so only he could appreciate her beauty.She jumped back in bed, pulling the covers over herself. He began to move over as she jumped in, but she jumped on him and straddled him. She leaned down and pressed her breast against his chest. She kissed his lips, then his neck. Her hands ran down his outstretched arms, feeling his muscles. She moved her hands back up until they rested on his face. It was no surprise that she could feel him getting hard. She wanted him too, but not yet.He began to move his hand onto her back, gently moving them down, caressing her bottom. He gave a gentle squeeze, pulling her body up to him so that her breasts were resting on his face. She wrapped her arms around the back of his head pulling him into her breasts. Her fingers interlaced to support his head. Her head slightly tilted back, feeling his kisses and warm breath on her breasts. She felt him wrap his tongue around her nipples. He bit down just slightly. He knew she loved to have her nipples played with. She wanted him inside her now!She moved down slightly and began to move her hips on top of him. He could feel her rubbing up and down on his cock, her clitoris rubbing on him. He pulled her face down to him, kissing her neck and biting softly. She let out a moan every time he bit her.His fingers ran along her back and thighs. His fingers tensed, almost scratching her. She was driving him wild. She began to move her hips faster, and she could feel his cock rubbing her, stimulating her. She was in control of when she wanted him inside her. That excited him even more.She could feel his breath quicken. His grip on her ass tightened.“I want inside of you,” he said.“Not yet,” she replied.She wanted him too, but wanted to stay in control. She didn’t normally take the initiative, but today she wanted to call the shots. She moved her hips on him back and forth, and each time he could feel her grinding on him—the lips of her vulva rubbing on his cock. Each time, his chest rose and his back arched with anticipation, waiting for the moment he would be inside her.With her hips still moving, she leaned back, exposing her breasts. She reached behind her and felt his cock.“Please!” he cried out. “I can’t take it!”“Not yet,” she replied.She was in control this time, and she wasn’t giving that up.He reached up his hands, caressing her breast. His hand moved from her breasts to her hips. He started moving his arms with her hips. Faster and faster. He felt like he was going to explode if he wasn’t inside her soon.She tilted forward with her breast slightly above his face—teasing him, just out of reach of his lips. He reached up to kiss her breasts, but she kept them just out of reach, driving him even wilder.Pushing him back down into the bed, she reached back and slid his cock inside her.He screamed out, “Oh God, you feel so good!”She continued to move her hips, faster and faster in a continuous rhythm. She could feel him inside her. She could feel his cock getting harder and harder with each movement, growing inside her. She started to breathe heavily, letting the sensations build. With each movement, her body began to shiver.She sat up, lifting her breasts so that he could fully admire just how beautiful she was. She tilted her head back, letting the feeling of him being with her overwhelm her. She placed her hands on his chest, bearing down. She was going to orgasm soon, and she could feel his chest heaving with heavy breaths under her hands. She knew he was close as well.He placed his hands on her hips again and started to move her hips. She grabbed his hands and slammed them to the bed.“I’m in control,” she asserted as she moved her arms back to his chest.He laid there enjoying the sight of her—her breasts heaving up and down—the way her body moved on top of him—the way her head tilted back, eyes closed, just feeling every part of him—the curve of her back as she moved her hips.Her hips moved faster and faster, her constant rhythm beginning to build in speed. With her clitoris rubbing on him, and the feeling of him inside her, the sensations were building, and would soon overcome her.Finally she couldn’t hold it. She cried out a scream much louder than she expected. The release was so intense she didn’t realize she had dug her nails into his chest, leaving scratch marks. Her whole body shook with a massive release. In that moment, the intensity flowed from her head and through her body, all the way to her toes.At the same moment as she orgasmed, he lifted her with his pelvis, his legs shaking and barely able to hold her up. Then his body went limp as he let out a gasp. His face flushed from the orgasm, and his chest heaved up and down. She collapsed on top of him. He embraced her.She could feel his cum inside her. He could feel her breasts against his chest. Both breathed heavily.Both felt the elated sensation after an intense orgasm. The warmth of their bodies filled the room. It no longer felt cold in the house.“Good morning,” she whispered to him. “I hope you have a good day.”“I already have,” he replied.