Nurse Jen—the Dream—a FantasyJeb here. My apologies to the city folk for the accent. We’uns moved here from the hills several years ago. Me and the missus Betty live in a small cottage next to the country church. In addition to a small garden, we have a few chickens, a couple of farm animals, and Zeke, the dog. We look after the church – make sure it’s ready for Sunday morning and all, and take care of things in the adjacent cemet’ry when that’s needed.As I said, it’s a small church. An aisle down the middle. The benches, maybe ten rows of them, one on either side, can sit maybe four or five people each, unless of course they’re all youngins, then maybe six. Or Zacheus and his wife. Then it’s only them and their little grand youngin.Alistair and Jennifer was married yesterday. Quite a to do. The little sanct’ry was right bustin’ at the seams. Some of the teens had to settle for lookin’ in at the open winders. Course, most didn’t mind. Ord’narily, the guys and girls can’t sit together, but at the winders it was a free for all.Jen had gone off to the big city to git an education in nursing. Her and Al met there, where Al was studying to pass the bar. As I said, yesterday the two of them got hitched. The little boys all sort of fidgeted about when the preacher told Al he could kiss his bride. The little girls sighed. Several of the older boys took advantage of the situation to git some suga’, ’specially if their gal was willing. Seems one of them got a bit greedy. I heard one of the gals protesting, “No. I said leave the buttons alone.”The couple were showered with bird seed as they exited the church. Al rented hiself a big city lim’sine. The two of ‘em clambered into it and sped off to the only rest’rant in town. The missus and me went back to our cottage to sip on some tea fortified with corn squeezins, while sitting on the front porch. Zeke, ever on duty, slept at our feet.“Sumptin coming down the road. Looks like that fancy car Al was adrive’n,” sez the missus. A cloud of dust wafted over us when the fancy car skidded to a stop in front of the church. Sure ’nuf, it was Al and Jen. They was in an all fired hurry to run inside, still dressed in their weddin’ duds. Me and the missus runned over to the church to see what all the fuss was about. Just to be sure everything was alright, and be handy if they needed he’p with sumptin’. We’re not nosy, you understand.We peered through the winder. Al and Jen was kissin’. I guess Al figured the first kiss at the altar wasn’t quite enough. Jen seemed to agree. Wasn’t long before the wedding clothes commenced to taking flight all about the sanctuary. Al had his backside to the winder. Jen was – uh – facing Al. Her hands were above her head, untying her hair, which fell all the way to – uh – the end.  Jen set to a’squealin’. My money is she got a right smart salute from Al. I ’spect he was appreciating more than Jen’s hair. Al stepped closer to, lemme see – uh – touch Jen, that’s it, touch her  ‘down south.’ Not many moments more and they was both down on the floor. A sharp cry. Jen’s, it was. Things got real ’citing, the both of ’em putting up a right good storm, what with grunts, and moans, and ahollerin’. It’s for sure Jen was no longer a virgin. What with her bouncing and giving Al a right good show, I afeared the old boards in the floor might give out. Then all was quiet as they pulled on a second set of duds and sped off.Ole Zeke, hearing the squeal, stumbled to his feet, looked around, dazed, wheezed off several “woof, woofs,” then returned to his slumber.The missus was gettin’ kinda worked up, her hands in my crotch and all. I was gettin’ all worked up myself; I ran back to the house to fetch a blanket. I skedaddled back, shuckin’ my overalls and T-shirt along the way, to join the missus in front of the altar. ’Course, it’d been a couple of years since the missus was a virgin. She insisted we repeat our wedding vows again, before we – uh – well got down to business. Another storm, not quite Jen’s gale, roared through before quiet returned once again.I heard Zeke growl. Probably dreaming of jack rabbits.