(A) – This story contains anal play, including anal intercourse. (If it wasn’t already obvious from the title!)Here she was, just weeks away from delivery, yet her husband was slowly, deeply, thrusting his thick cock into her rectum.It was all either of them could think about. Her pregnancy hormones had made her hornier than she’d ever thought possible, and he was only too happy to oblige. Despite her large belly, eight months along, swollen ankles, and all the ups and downs that come with pregnancy, all she could think of was sex, sex, sex.Even normal vaginal or oral wouldn’t do—she needed it in the ass. It had gotten to the point where she would wake him up even at 5 AM and demand anal because of her sheer uncontrollable horniness.“Are you sure you want itevery singleday?” he had asked, voicing his misgivings at first when she expressed the daily-anal request. “I think that would be too much; you need recovery time in between.” They talked it over and agreed that it could not be any more than twice a week. Fine then, she thought.And so here she was, pregnant belly looming large, with her husband slowly, carefully but firmly inserting his penis deeper and deeper into her anus, causing her the pleasure/pain and naughty feeling that she enjoyed so much. She gasped in delight at the familiar, burning-stretching sensation of his rigid, thick, hard cock. He thrust in and out, in and out, taking her in the rawest, most intimate way a woman can be taken. They used some lubricant, but not too much: enough that there would be no rectal damage and the penis could enter smoothly, yet still little enough so that there would be the friction she craved.She loved it—the feeling of being totally, absolutelyhis. Not only was her body heavy, carryinghischild, but now he was thrusting slowly inside the most intimate part of her body. She enjoyed having his penis in all of her holes, but her anus was the favorite for them both. How could a woman possibly belong to her husband more than this moment?The two of them gently rocked and thrust together rhythmically, moaning and cooing in pleasure during the wee hours of the morning until they both came, with her crying out in ecstasy and him shooting his hot, sticky semen deep into her rectum.They then held each other for hours, gazing into each other’s eyes and kissing.