After putting the grandkids to bed, Ben and I went and showered together. It had been a long weekend, and I was looking forward to spending some quality alone time with my dear husband. We love having the grandkids over for the weekend, but we hadn’t made love in about a week, and I missed it.As we showered, we took turns soaping and washing each other’s bodies. The feel of his touch excited me and made me want him so badly. When his cock began to thicken and swell, I could tell it was having the same effect on him.“I love you, baby,” I said softly as I slowly began to stroke his stiffening soapy cock.He replied, “I love you, too, sweetheart,” before giving me a deep passionate kiss.“I want to feel you inside me. Baby, I need you to fuck me. I want your dick so badly, ” I said, as I stroked his cock a little faster.“Well, if you keep going, you’re gonna make me cum,” Ben groaned.“Sorry! I just love the feel of your hard cock in my hand, in my mouth—and especially in my pussy!” I sighed as I reluctantly released his hard-on.After we finished our shower, we dried ourselves, then headed to bed. Ben read a couple of scriptures, then he said a prayer. We then settled into bed for some naked cuddling and some lovemaking. We kissed and held one another, slowly running our hands over each other’s naked bodies.“Mmmm, this feels so nice! I love you so much!” I panted after a deep kiss. Reaching down, I grasped his cock, and slowly stroked it as we kissed.“I love you, too! Suck my dick for me, baby!” Ben whispered as he turned onto his back.“Okay, baby. You love the way I suck you, don’t you?” I said, as I slowly kissed my way down his body.“You know I do! You do it so good!” He replied.Moving the covers away, I exposed his semi-erect cock. I smiled and looked at him as I slowly jerked his meat. I then kissed the tip and ran my tongue over his cock-head and slit. Licking down the shaft, I paused briefly to kiss and suck on his nuts, then ran my tongue back up the shaft, before taking him into my mouth.“That feels good! So good!” Ben groaned in approval as I sucked his now fully erect cock.As I continued to suck Ben’s dick, I suddenly heard what sounded like someone crying. I looked at Ben, then got out of bed and slipped my robe on as Ben covered himself.“Sorry, baby! I’ll be back!” I said as I opened our bedroom door and made my way to check on who was crying. It was my grandson, Caleb, who was complaining that his tummy was hurting. I gave him some stomach medicine, then walked across the hall to check on my granddaughter, Callie. Thankfully Caleb’s crying hadn’t awakened her.I spent several minutes loving and trying to console Caleb while we waited for the medicine to work. However, I couldn’t get Caleb to go back to sleep. I decided to just lie down with him until he went to sleep.“Gammy will be right back! You stay right there, okay?” I said as I walked back to tell Ben what was going on.“What’s wrong? Everything okay?” Ben asked, a look of concern on his face.“Yes, Caleb just has an upset stomach. I gave him some medicine. Gonna lie down with him for a little bit until he goes to sleep, alright?” I said as I slipped on a pair of shorts and a tee shirt.“Okay, that’s fine. Hope he feels better!” Ben replied.“So sorry, baby! Not the way I wanted the night to go, believe me.” I walked over to Ben and kissed him.“Sweetheart, don’t worry about it! It happens! Now go check on that little munchkin,” Ben replied, then gave me a gentle pat on the ass.“I love you! You’re such a wonderful papaw and an awesome husband, ” I said, then kissed him once more.“I love you, too, darlin’!” Ben replied with a smile.“Why don’t you go ahead and jerk off? I don’t know how long I’ll be,” I said before I left the room.“I’m fine! Love you!” He replied.“Love you, too!” I shut the door and made my way back to my grandson.It was a little after one when I awakened, having fallen asleep. Caleb was fast asleep as I slowly eased out of bed. Walking to the kitchen, I got myself a glass of water. I was sitting at the table looking at my phone as I sipped on the water when I heard a door open.“I thought it was you! How is Caleb?” Ben said as he walked into the kitchen butt naked and poured himself a glass of milk.“He’s sleeping. Really, Ben! What if he had been in here with me?” I said with a laugh.“Well, he’s not! Besides, he has showered with me numerous times, so no big deal. ” Ben replied, his dick hanging limp over his balls.After a few minutes, we headed for bed. I went to check on Caleb and Callie; both were sleeping peacefully. I gently covered Caleb, then walked to Ben’s and my bedroom. Ben was in bed nude and uncovered, fondling his semi-erect cock and balls.“I swear, sometimes I think that all you wanna do is get your rocks off!” I said with a smile, as I began to remove my clothing. Once nude, I walked over to the bed.“Well, let’s see, I’m a guy married to a beautiful and sexy wife who loves sex and has a wonderful pussy! So yes, I guess I do,” Ben said with a grin.“Really? Well, flattery will get you laid, dear sir,” I replied with a wink as I got into bed on top of him.We kissed, our tongues entwined and our passion growing as our hands roamed and caressed each other’s bodies. We both hungered for this—needed it. His touch felt so good! My pussy soon grew wet with desire.“I want you to eat my pussy!” I whispered, as I sat up and moved to straddle his face with my hands against the wall. As Ben kissed my pussy lips, I moaned softly and looked down to watch him eat me out. He licked, sucked, and kissed my entire pussy. After teasing my clit with his tongue, he gently sucked on it.“Mmmmmm, yes!” I panted as my breathing grew shallow from the pleasure he was giving me. I began to slowly rock my hips against him. My cunt was on fire. My breathing became ragged and labored as I felt my orgasm building.“Oh, baby! Baby! Gonna make me cum! Ba-byyyy!” I panted as my body clenched and trembled from my orgasm. I wanted to scream in ecstasy but knew I couldn’t.Ben held on to my thighs as he continued to eat me out. My juices covered his mouth as he drank from my spasming pussy. My head went back in delirious pleasure as he sucked on my clit. Soon another orgasm rushed over me.“Ohhhhh, Ben! Baby, I cuuuummmingg!” I panted, trying desperately not to cry out.“Baby, I wanna suck your dick! Then I want you to fuck me. I want to feel you inside me. I need to feel your dick inside my pussy!” I whispered as I moved from on top of him. His dick was hard! I immediately took him into my mouth, and he groaned in approval as I tongued his dickhead and sucked hungrily. His hips began to move, fucking my mouth.I would have loved to have him cum in my mouth, but I truly wanted him inside me. So I took my mouth off his cock and climbed on top of him. Guiding his dick with my hand, I slowly let him enter me.“Mmmmm, your dick feels so good inside me! I’m gonna fuck your balls off !” I panted as I began to ride him, grinding and moving my cunt up and down his stiff meat.“Your pussy feels so good, baby! Get you some! Fuck yourself on my cock!” Ben growled as he worked his hips to match mine.“You love this pussy, don’t you, baby? Let’s fuck the night away. Ohhhhhhhhh, fuuuuck, I’m cumminggggg!” I cried out, getting a little louder than I intended. Luckily it didn’t seem to disturb the little ones.Ben rolled us over till he was on top of me. I wrapped my legs around his waist, and as he began to thrust his cock into me, we gazed into one another’s eyes. The bed creaked, and I held the headboard to keep it from knocking against the wall.“Gonna fuck the shit out of you! Your pussy is so warm and wet! Fuck, you got a hot cunt!” Ben growled as he continued to fuck me with deep strokes.“Yes, fuck this cunt! Fuck me! Fuck meeeeee!” I panted as I shivered from yet another orgasm.We continued to look into each other’s eyes as Ben worked his dick in and out of my wet, hungry pussy. A look of passion and desire burned brightly in his gaze.“Fucking turn over, baby!” Ben said as he pulled his hard glistening dick from my pussy.I did as he requested, and got on my hands and knees. Looking back at him, I saw him give his cock a couple of strokes by hand before he grabbed my hips and pushed himself into me. I grabbed the headboard as he began to pound me doggy-style. I grunted and groaned as he fucked me, his balls bounced against my ass. It wasn’t long till I came once more. I buried my face in a pillow to muffle my cries of pleasure.“Gonna cum! Fuck!” Ben groaned as he pushed into me and filled me with his cum. His dick throbbed inside me.Afterward, we lay in each other’s arms, feeling the love we have for each other. We definitely made up for lost time.Hope y’all enjoyed the story of our love. God bless you, and stay horny!GG