This is my 100th post on MH.  The great majority of my stories are 100% true and even my fictional stories are in part inspired by our true loving and sexy experiences.  The true stories are about the sexy things my wife, Melody, & I have done together.  It is finally time I told you the complete story of our first time and how my sexy new bride gifted me her virginity – over 30 years ago. I wrote a poem about this incredible life-changing experience from her perspective- that was posted a month or so ago.  (Melody’sFirst Time – The Poem)  This is the full story.Melody & I met at church.  I was a single divorced dad with custody of my kids and she had never married.  I had recently moved into the city where she lived because I had taken a new job.  I was a scientist and my new neighbor told me about a single woman at church who was also a scientist.  I was interested.I sat next to Melody in Sunday School and introduced myself and we immediately hit it off.  In fact, my kids instantly loved her too!We dated briefly. broke up, got back together & 6 months after we got back together my work decided to send me on an extended but temporary assignment to a neighboring state.We had never kissed even though we had been dating for 6 months.  She was great with the kids and with me. I guess I was paranoid about making another mistake in my spouse choice.  But while hiking in the beautiful nearby mountains with Melody we shared our first kiss.  And what a kiss!  She even slipped me her tongue in a shallow but sexy way!  Her kiss was like fireworks in my body.  It was so good I actually saw stars!  She clearly enjoyed the kiss too, although years later she confided that she was thinking, “It’s about time!”We did the same hike the next day and I proposed.  For almost a year we saw each other only 4 times.  But we stayed in touch via letters and phone calls.  That was back in the days of big long-distance phone bills.My kids & I moved back home after 11 months and a week later Melody & I were married.  The wedding was wonderful and we left the kids with one of my siblings when we set off for our week-long honeymoon.We planned on spending the first two nights & days at a luxury hotel.  The remaining time was to be at a beautiful cabin in the nearby mountains.We got to the hotel and Melody changed into a beautiful translucent and transparent negligée that we had picked out and purchased together – for this special occasion. I had on some soft blue boxers.I had read a Christian romance novel where the bride wears a “modest negligée” or nightgown on her wedding night. Melody had read the same book and we both thought that was idiotic.  We both agreed that modesty has no place in your sex time with your spouse… especially on your wedding night & honeymoon!Melody changed in the hotel room’s bathroom and she came out and she looked spectacular!  She had a beautiful body with curves in ALL the right places!  She swam a mile every day so she was very fit.  Some of her beautiful porcelain Nordic skin showed through the transparent parts of the negligée.  I began tenting immediately but I could tell she was nervous. So I gave her a comfort blessing and we said a prayer together.  I promised her that this would be more wonderful than she had ever imagined.  And it was, although not at first.My MH friends, I hope you won’t be turned off and stop reading at this point.  But I want to share that Melody & I both were and are survivors of childhood sexual abuse.  (Melody way more than myself)   Because of this, I was very careful on our honeymoon.  I did not want to trigger my wife and hurt her delicate feelings by causing her to remember her abuse.Melody was abused for 8 years starting at around six years old and ending at 14 or 15.  She was sexually abused in several ways, however, her abuser never had PIV sex with her.  He tried but thankfully failed or she may have gotten pregnant as a young teen.  I want to note that even if her abuser HAD raped her vaginaly she still would have been 100% pure.  Perpetrators are guilty, NOT victims!  And of course, for people who are not virgins at marriage, there is the purifying power of the Atonement of Christ.  But I want to say again that Melody, as a survivor of childhood sexual trauma, had not been guilty of sexual sin.With faith and several therapists over the years we both had healed considerably by the time we met.  Even so, my bride was actually very nervous – particularly about my erection that after our wedding now belonged to her.  (See 1 Corinthians 7) Of course, her pussy belonged to me but only with her permission.  By the way, she’d never seen my erection before our wedding night.We kissed deeply as we lay together on the hotel room’s bed and soon I was peeling off her negligée.  When I saw Melody’s beautiful breasts I instantly became a boob man more than ever.  I kissed each oval areola tenderly and also sucked on each pretty nipple – that once hard looked like perfect raspberries.“Mmmm..” that feels nice Melody purred.By this time, of course, my boxers looked like a tall circus tent.  Melody helped me slide them down and stared wide-eyed at my full erection.  She gasped then took ahold of my shaft and said the translated Roman saying, “I came, I saw, I conquered!”  (Vini, vidi, vici!) Then she looked up at me and she smiled at her own joke.“You are so beautiful!” I said as I gazed at her as she began to gently pump my rod.But soon we were kissing again & I moved down back to her beautiful full breasts.  I should mention that Melody has big hazel Norwegian eyes with specks of golden brown.  She was in her early 40’s and I was in my early 30s and we were both very fit.  As I’ve already said, Melody swam a mile everyday.  I chased after my active kids!Melody was curvy but in all the right places.  Quite honestly she looked for all the world like a 24-year-old busty swimsuit model – only completely nude!  What an amazing sight and I took my full opportunity to feast on her loveliness – starting at her lips, then down her neck, & back onto her luscious breasts again.I also reached down and I stroked her pussy, although we did not call it that back then.  Our creative sexy language around sex evolved later.  She gasped and said, “Oooo… that feels nice too!”In spite of the things Melody was saying, I could tell she was having trouble really getting into the full mood for sex.  She was just too tired.  We had gotten up early then met and driven to the wedding site.  There were photos then a drive to the wedding luncheon.  Then there was a drive to the reception site and a long wedding reception.  So actually we both were pretty tired.But Melody still tried.  After I had enjoyed orally loving on her nipples she did the same to mine.  Even though I had been married before I had never experienced nipple play as the receiver.  It felt absolutely amazing!  Melody reached down and pumped my erection (which she immediately named “Fred”)Then via missionary position, we tried to have Melody give me her virginity.  But she was just too tired or too tense and quite bluntly, her vagina would not let me in. My first wife was not a virgin when we met so I was unsure about how to deal with this.  Plus I was beginning to wonder if how Melody liked her clitoris stroked was different than what my first wife enjoyed.  (It was different.)Eventually, we gave up for the night but not before Melody gave me a hand-job orgasm & another orgasm by me thrusting my erection between her beautiful boobs.  Seeing and feeling my shaft pumping between my loving and kind new wife’s boobs was amazing!  Plus her gorgeous eyes looking down at my cock thrusting up from between her boobs – then her loving eyes looking up into mine was wonderful! As my “Fred’s” tip came out at the top side of Melody’s boobs it sometimes touched her chin.  She was pushing her ample boobs tightly together to increase my pleasure. I came all over her collarbone, neck, and between her luscious boobs.  (We still do that sometimes.)It was incredibly erotic but afterward, we were exhausted and we were both done.  I  cleaned up Melody’s cum-splattered boobs & neck with a basin of warm water and a warm washcloth.  Then I  put on pajamas and she her neglige we cuddled up exhausted.  We spooned with me behind her with one of my hands on one soft but firm breast,I was philosophical about our failure but Melody clearly felt bad that she was still a virgin.  She was also afraid I was disappointed.  “I ruined our wedding night,” she said with a small sob.“It’s OK,”  I said.  “What we did was wonderful!  This intercourse thing is difficult because you saved yourself for me.  That is nothing to be upset about.  We’ll get there.”“Thank you,” she whispered.And too exhausted to say anything else we both fell asleep.I didn’t really realize that I had married a morning person until 5:00 a.m. the next day.  Melody is a determined goal-oriented woman.  So she was ready to try again and to succeed this time at gifting her husband her virginity.  I was that very blessed man.  But that is part 2 of this story.  So, more to “cum” in part 2.