The Joy Of Boobies – Survey at bottom of postFirst, I’ll admit that this is sort-of a reposting of my answers to Adoniswetewolf’s survey of March 17th, 2024. He called that post “Butts and Boobs.” However I have added much more detail in this post than I did in my comments and answers to his survey. I’ve also included six of MY questions in a survey at the bottom of this post.I am definitely a boob-man! I even remember noticing early on in our marriages that my wife’s aroused nipples closely resembled ripe raspberries. They were even more tasty to me than raspberries!There are many ways I enjoy her breasts. I love how my wife looks in general but her D-cup boobs I find give her a lovely shape when clothed or nude. Her cleavage is very sexy when in a swimsuit and lingerie. But her bare breasts are the absolute best! In fact our mutually favorite lingerie that she wears is open cup teddies. She has learned to appreciate her large breasts because of her husband’s absolute admiration of them. (She had been bullied by other girls when she was growing up. They teased her about her large breasts.) I think I’ve shown my wife how beautiful her breasts are by loving them and loving on them so much.Our lovemaking sessions always involve extended boob-play. That includes kissing, palming of breasts, and rubbing them with my palms. It includes pinching, licking, sucking, and tongue-stimulation of nipples. Often part of foreplay includes me rubbing my hard tip or glans of my erection on her nipples as I pump my rod. I add some coconut oil and usually some AloeCadabra lube to each nipple first. We call this fun erotic activity “tip on nip.” We do all of those things in erotic massages too.Funny thing is that although she likes to be nipple stimulated a LOT, My Melody likes stimulating MY man-nips just as much. Nowadays in our lovemaking sessions she almost always needs me sucking on or tongue-flicking her titties for her to cum. I will manually stimulate the breast and nipple that I’m not sucking.. (She usually goes through a sequence of vibrators while I’m orally loving on her breasts n nipples.)On most “off-days” when we don’t have a full sex session she helps me have a morning orgasm. I often I start by sucking on and manually pinching etc. Melody’s tits to get my motor going. Even just the sight of them starts my engine. Then she or I manually pump my erection to orgasm as she orally loves on my nipples. (I often use a “Hello Cake” vibrating stroker too. But only while she’s sucking and tonguing my nearest nipple.) Sometimes I rub my tip on her nearest nipple while pumping my rod. Then I’ll come all over her flavored breast and next “clean up” the mess with my tongue and mouth. We call this “tip on nip.”I’ll add that her orgasms usually come after we’ve stimulated each other’s nipples, had banging sexual intercourse, and then when I’m cleaning her nipples off with my lips and tongue. I say “cleaning them off” because after my orgasm in her pussy I scoop some of our “protein shake” out and rub it onto her nipples and boobies. Then I “clean” it off! We use AloeCadabra flavored lube either in her pussy along with coconut oil OR smeared directly onto each of her nipples with the “protein.”Finally, I appreciated the little survey from Adoniswerewolf. But I have also sometimes wondered if other married boob-menwere…–1. were obsessed with their wife’s boobies as much as I’m obsessed with my Melody’s boobies and raspberries.2. What percentage of other married couples enjoy manual and oral nipple play as much as Melody and I do?3. I’ve wondered if some other couples like using flavored lube on nipples.4. I’ve also wondered if some other couples like using flavored lube in the wife’s vagina or on the husband’s erection or directly on the nipples.5. Are there some other married couples who like the cum or “flavored protein shake” scooped out of pussy and rubbed on boobs to be orally “cleaned off?”6. Have other couples tried the “tip on nip” trick as part of foreplay or had the husband do it until he came on his wife’s beautiful boobs? Does the husband lick off the love-cream?Again, thank you Adoniswerewolf for inspiring me to make this survey post! I’m writing it early in the morning right before Melody and I celebrate Saint Patrick’s Day in a fun, sexy, and married way!