When I was much younger (around late ’90s) I found articles online defending masturbation.  I wish I could remember where that was, but the articles are probably long gone.  The main points that I ended up reading were:1)Just what sin Onan actually committed,2) The treatment of ejaculation in uncleanliness (Leviticus 15:16-18) related also to women’s menstrual uncleanliness (v.19-24), and3) The possibility that the phrase “covering his feet” in the KJV (Judges 3:24, 1 Samuel 24:3) was possibly a euphemism not for going to the restroom but something far more enjoyable. It’s funny though that modern translations render that as “relieving himself,” because that could go either way!The last thing that really helped me as a teenager was readingPreparing for Adolescenceby James Dobson.  While I’ve read some unflattering opinions of him these days by commentators on purity culture, honestly he did alright by us in this regard.  I even bought this book again so that I could quote from it directly.  While not wishing to contradict parents or pastors, he “…can’t speak directly for God on this subject, since His Holy Word, the Bible, is silent on this point…  It is my opinion that masturbation is not much of an issue with God. It’s a normal part of adolescence, which involves no one else…”If someone as prominent as Dobson could take a stance like that, then it really wasn’t a big issue I should be agonizing about!  He continues later on, writing that “…if you do [masturbate], it is my opinion that you should not struggle with guilt over it.”Logical arguments above all helped soothe my conscience as a young man.  They were also the first to tell me that, while porn might be a problem because of Matthew 5:28, it’s entirely proper to masturbate thinking of a hypothetical potential spouse that God will give to you in the future.  (And thanks to this site, I’ve learned quite a bit about “Lust” since those days which has given me a new perspective there as well.)Of course, if my mom had known what Dobson wrote inPreparing for Adolescence, then she probably would never have given me that book, and might have written him off altogether. She gave me other books that I definitelydon’trecommend reading, likeEvery Young Man’s BattleandI Kissed Dating Goodbye.  Over time I think I’ve started to realize just how much I internalized from those books, to the point that I have never dated myself, or even kissed a girl.  When you’re pushed so far away from premarital sex that you’re in the other extreme, it says something: this culture has problems.My mother told me about masturbation years before I started doing it. She said that boys would rub “it” to “make it big,” and that it was wrong.  If the comments from my classmates were any indication, they looked down on it as well, but perhaps that was because by the time I was 12 or 13, it was cooler to try to get a girl to do things to you instead.  Either way the “wanker” hand gesture was well known to me.By the time I was in my teens, I think I had quite a lot of backlog to work through—not only sexual frustrations, but just baggage upon baggage from my mom’s near-obsessive condemnation and discounting of anything sexual.  It’s not that she said thatallsex was bad (like in marriage), but it was plain from her attitude that all sex was bad forme.I’ve discussed all thisbeforebut thought that it was worth fleshing out into its own post.My first timeWhile masturbating for the first time was an incredible experience I will never forget, I do forget just how old I was.  I was already in the shower, just enjoying the water beating down on me, sitting and thinking about a lot of things, including my penis.  I made a conscious decision to start experimenting then and there, knowing that once I started there was probably no going back.I didn’t really know what I was doing, or how to start.  My penis was soft.  Sitting cross-legged in the bathtub, enjoying that wonderful warm water cascading all over me, I took my balled-up fist and just started tapping my soft penis with it, wondering what would happen, then becoming increasingly forceful. It did get hard, and quickly, but didn’t necessarily feel the absolute best.  I had no idea of lubricant, but at some point I figured out that my penis wasn’t going to just slide into my fist with ease, so I wrapped my hand around my penis and started over, at the same rapid pace.  Gripping the skin of my shaft tightly, I rubbed up and down for a quick second, just to see what it was like.  I’m hard just thinking about it: for a first-timer the pleasure was intense, and I sat there letting it wash over me.  I was unsure whether to continue, whether there would be implications for me further down the road, and what to do about it.But then I rubbed my penis again, for just a few more seconds.  It felt just as wonderful as the first time.More time spent just exulting in the pleasure I’d just experienced.  More time spent wondering if what I was doing was right.  And then I rubbed my penis again, for a bit longer.  And then again.  And again.  Each time the pleasure was even more intense.  I had no idea what an orgasm was, no idea of building up to something, so I kept starting and stopping.  And rubbing…and rubbing…  It was hard to keep quiet, I wanted to cry out, but I didn’t.  And I did start to feel something building inside of me, though I didn’t know what it was, and I felt like I had to pee, so I stopped again.  I was afraid of making a mess, but then it struck me that I was already in the shower, surely I couldn’t make a mess too hard to clean up there!  So I started rubbing my penis again and this time I didn’t stop.  I could feel something building inside of me and felt the increasing need to pee.  I didn’t know when I was supposed to be finished, only that I didn’t ever want it to end.But then the ending did come, with such a vivid explosion of pleasure that I almost couldn’t believe it.  But I didn’t pee, in fact I didn’t ejaculate either, that took months.  It was pure: I wasn’t fantasizing about any particular woman, in fact I was incredibly present in that moment, luxuriating in the pleasure I was giving to myself.AftermathAfterwards I felt everyone must know just by looking at me what I’d done, but I soon got over that feeling, enough to touch myself in some rather brave situations (for me).  This time period was the birth of the popularity of the internet. I was not immune to that, and at some point I did start to look up pictures.  My mother’s definition of pornography would be anything that was even remotely titillating, and doubtless had arguments with my dad, who was of the opinion that I was just curious—because theydidfind out, and I had to learn how to be sneakier.I was very selective in what I was looking for: basically couples locked in an erotic and loving embrace.  I developed a taste for the auditory moans of a woman in the throes of passion.  In fact, when I found my first porn videos, I was actually looking for just audios of women orgasming, but I found videos of women masturbating instead, which was of course all that much more arousing.  Thankfully I didn’t go much beyond that, but at least what I can say is that the female orgasm is to me so incredibly appealing and arousing.  It’s what I intend to dedicate my life to encouraging in my future wife if/once I’m married.As nearly every man discovers, the blending of pornography with masturbation proved to be a difficult stronghold to break.  I can’t say that I’mcompletelythere yet, but I have allowed God to work in me and acknowledge His power to break all addictions.Culture problemsI think mixing porn and masturbation is dangerous, especially considering the content that’s out there these days, the ease of access, what we know about how performers are treated, and what kind of companies host it as well.  I don’t think young people (or anyone) should be training their bodies to find certain things arousing, or reward themselves for looking at all manner of filth.  That said, mainstream Christian culture’s attitudes toward masturbation (and sex in general) almost push adolescents, young adults, and oldsters alike into shame and condemnation by rejecting any sort of healthy outlet.  And far too many people automatically equate masturbation with porn use—something I was able abandon many years ago.I think God has been working through this issue with me for a while without my realizing it, and I’m so happy that He led me to this site.  Marriage Heat and the community here (and discussion surrounding it, as well as the resources they recommend) have given me a fine example of what it means to enjoy unbridled sexuality while still maintaining a Godly perspective.  It’s something I have been sorely lacking most of my life!  This culture sadly treats anything sexual as automatically negative and unacceptable, and as a result, I’ve trained myself to keep it hidden, even from God, out of a sense of shame.Of course, God is all-knowing and all-seeing, but when we feel shame over something, we’re trying to hide from Jesus and keep Him out of an area of our lives, with about as much success as Adam in the Garden.  And I learned that I don’t need to be sinning to be ashamed of something or think that it isn’t God’s “business,” for lack of a better word.  But God doesn’t speak to us with the voice of fear, shame, or condemnation.  When I was finally to willingly expose myself completely to His gaze and judgement, I found out that we serve a God who is not only all-knowing but all-compassionate, and most importantly,God doesn’t blush.  He designed us to have needs that beg to be satisfied, whether or not He’s blessed us with a spouse yet.I hope that in my future marriage, we never lose the sense of connectedness to our own bodies, whether together or separately.  I want to foster freedom in my future marriage for either party to self-pleasure, because I know the disparity of desire can be a real thing, and I don’t expect that I or my wife will get sex every time either of us desires it.  Considering the number of women who suffer from vaginismus or learning how few can orgasm from penetrative sex, I can think of any number of benefits to young women learning to masturbate.  And as a learning tool, masturbation can and should be used by young men not to merely get off ASAP before they get caught, but to teach themselves how to hold off to bring pleasure to their wives someday.  It’s my hope that parents learn something from how previous generations were raised and resolve to do better moving forward.