(L) – This story contains strong language.We’d just begun driving back to our semi-rural home after needing to go into the city that day. It was quite late already, and the stars were like faint points of ice in the frozen sky.As we drove along, the condensation of our breath quite visible due to the cold, Vanessa begged the heater to hurry up and warm us.I remarked to her that it was late and there were not many cars on the road out. “You know, Ness, you could totally strip and get away with it right now. If anyone saw anything this late, I’d doubt it would be a problem….” There was a sparkle in my light brown eyes and my smile was evident in my tone.She turned to me, gesturing toward her heavy overcoat, her face still flushed from the bitter cold we had just been walking through not long before. “Babe, do you really expect me to strip off all my laye—when it’s four degrees—in fricken’Minneapolis?!” She then smirked at me and playfully flipped me off.“It’s not four degrees inside the car!” I countered, grinning.She shot back, giggling, “But it’s not gonna be easy for a big girl like me to wriggle out and then back into what, like, seven layers by the time we get home?”I laughed. “Touché,” I said. She made a fair point.We enjoyed the quiet of the night and made conversation with each other, stopping for coffee and cocoa before we left the city. We had long been each other’s best friend, so simple moments like this only strengthened the friendship that had predated our marriage.As we drove along, now and then a car would pass, but this became less common the more distance we put between us and the glow of the built-up urban areas. I looked down at her attractive, thick legs, her warm pants holding to them snugly above her fur-trimmed winter boots. She was a hot sight for sore eyes in this cold weather. I moved my right hand to explore her legs a bit.“John, keep your eyes on the road,” she giggled, catching me with a playful backhand to my chest.We got home, and walked out under the stars as our feet crunched through the soft snow. Vanessa wrapped her gloved hands around my arm as we looked up.“Oh, it’s so beautiful John!” she said as she gazed skyward. It was nice to see the city, but even nicer to be at home.We walked inside and I started a nice, warm fire in the fireplace as Vanessa went into the master bathroom to take a hot shower and warm up. I sat down in a chair facing the fire, and began to read boxing and MMA news articles on my phone.Although I heard her soft voice humming and the water running in the bathroom, I was mostly lost in thought, mulling things I was reading, blissfully unaware of what awaited me.All of a sudden, I heard the deep bass booming from our stereo system as the first notes of “Ransom” by Lil Tecca began to play. Vanessa swayed into the living room, a small black negligée only barely concealing her voluptuous form. My attention piqued, I put my phone down.As she walked out into the firelight, our eyes met, and a seductive smirk played across the twin coral-colored ribbons that were her full lips. This was obviously something she began planning on the car ride home, and she had succeeded in surprising me. I saw her creamy-yellow, slightly tanned skin begin to break out in an excited flush. I knew how much she loved the feeling of being the center of attention, and my attention was all hers now.…I got black, I got white, what you want?Hop outside a Ghost and hop up in a Phantom…Vanessa began to dance to the sultry, playful rhythm of the song, her hands seductively roaming her thighs as she did so, teasing me with little glimpses of more skin as she toyed with the hem of her negligée.…I know I’m ’bout to blow, oh, oh, I ain’t dumb.They try to take my flow, I take they ass for ransom…She turned her body in time with the rhythm, her ass now facing me as she bent forward, running her fingertips seductively down one of her thick legs. Suddenly, she took a half-step and turned into profile against the firelight. As she did so, in one fluid motion, she stood and threw her head back while arching her entire body forward, her caramel-chocolate colored waves of hair cascading backwards, and her hands groping her thrust-forward breasts before slowly trailing down to her hips, which were also pressed forward. As she held the explicitly sexual pose for several seconds, I saw the pleasure in her face at being so expressive with her body. It was a perfectly-executed hip hop dance move known as a body roll. She fetchingly tilted her head sideways toward me, biting her full lower lip as she did so, her almond-shaped, blue-gray eyes sparkling. She was definitely having a good time.The song changed, and so did the mood in the room, going from playful-sultry to a dark intensity as the driving bass of Gunna’s “Fukumean” began.…Y-y-yup…The female backing vocalist’s sultry interjections were mirrored by Vanessa’s purring, breathy voice as she continued to dance, her face flushed and her body beginning to glisten with a warm sheen of sweat.“I think it’s about time I give you what you want,” Vanessa gasped breathlessly as her fingertips began to toy with the lace of her negligée. “Partly because I wanna fuck…” she said as she leaned forward toward me, flashing a lot of cleavage. Then she pivoted away and raised a leg high behind her as she bent forward, giving me a view of a barely-there thong underneath. “…and partly because I’m getting exhausted!” Her melodic laugh was infectious.As the song reached its conclusion, her black negligée fell to the floor, and her eyes fixated on mine as she ran her fingers down the curve of her breasts. She cupped her hands beneath them and seductively licked her lips.“Wow,” I gasped to myself, not only at my wife’s beauty, but at the startling force of nature that she was.“Oh wait,” she whispered to herself, as she suddenly jogged away to the kitchen, her large hips swaying and her breasts and tummy bouncing.I stifled a small laugh, amused at the scatterbrained delight that was my Vanessa.Soon after, she hurried back with two bottles in her hands. One was chocolate syrup and one was strawberry syrup. She walked up to me as I sat in my chair, and lowered herself to straddle me, her eyes never leaving mine.“You know how you’re always saying my nipples look like brown and pink mixed together?” Her voice trailed off seductively. She opened both bottles and began drizzling the sweet syrup on her full breasts, leading to the hard nipples which were perked toward me. She leaned in, her scent intoxicating, and her soft, warm breath caressing my cheeks.I began to kiss her upper breast, slowly licking and savoring the sweet combination of dark chocolate and mellow strawberries. Vanessa’s voice caught in a soft, sensual moan as I continued to explore, and she instinctively leaned back to more fully expose her large breasts to my face. My eyes closed as I followed the trail of sweetness down to the point of one of her nipples, giving it a light suck as I did so. My fingers softly played with both breasts, running up and down their supple forms.I leaned over to enjoy the syrup on her other breast, as both of our breathing was coming quicker now. I licked, kissed, and sucked her soft skin and once more found the nipple, attaching to it fervently. Whenever I did this, it always felt like a deeply spiritual experience. Her body continued to arch dramatically as her face pointed toward the stars shining through our skylight above, her arms draped around my neck and her large breasts filling my field of vision. I occasionally had to lean back to take a breath, so as not to be smothered by her quivering breasts as she lovingly and desperately half-offered, half-forced them into my waiting lips and tongue.She began to run her hands through my raven-dark hair and was grinding herself against me now.“If I keep going, will you cum?” she asked shakily.“Uh-huh,” I intoned breathlessly.“Then let’s take this to the floor,” she responded.She stood, her now-clean breasts swaying as she did so, and took my hand in hers, leading me off the chair. She lay down on her back on our sheepskin rug, squirmed out of her thong, and opened her legs for me. I saw the glistening wetness, inviting me in. I was standing before her, and I began to undress. I felt her eyes roaming my athletic but lightly-muscled form as the clothes fell away, my olive skin glowing orange in the warm glow from our fireplace.When I finally removed my briefs, I saw a hunger in her eyes as she licked her lips and stared longingly at my erect penis. As I got down on the floor beside her, I placed my hand on one of her thick legs, and slowly began kissing my way up, while gently stroking the other leg with my free hand. Her voice came in soft gasps now.She murmured breathily, “I love the way you worship my body, John.”Just then, my lips and tongue reached the dripping wet folds of rosy brown skin.“Uhhhhh….Ooohhhh, yeah,” Vanessa groaned.I reached up with my hands and began working her breasts, my tongue eagerly licking and tasting and drinking her intoxicating vaginal fluids.Vanessa arched her back and pressed my head deeply into her mound, as she moaned instructions to me and exclaimed in pleasure. “Up just a little…oh, faster, Johnny…ohhhhh, fuck…”I moaned in response as my pleasure grew, even though I wasn’t being touched.Seconds later, she came with a bang, her body shaking dramatically and her thick legs wrapping and spasming around me.As her orgasm subsided, I climbed atop her still quivering body, and I entered her.“Oh, John”, she gasped, her fingertips massaging my nipples as I pounded her in the firelight.As we moved together, a warm sense of contentment slowly grew within me and I prayed a wordless prayer of thanks to God, even in the midst of the deeply carnal pleasures that were currently flooding my body. Erotic as they were, I felt no shame in the feelings I was feeling. What a blessed gift, the sacred gift of marital sex, no less pure than the gift of the clean and beautiful snow that covered the ground outside.The earth may have been frozen all around us, but we were warm and safe inside our home, and our love was strong and growing.I ejaculated powerfully into Vanessa’s depths, groaning loudly as she embraced my body and nuzzled her face against mine.I had a feeling we were just getting started, both literally and figuratively.Thanks be to God.