It was 1986, and in this part of the world, our love was still taboo.“Where is he? He’s always here by now? What could have happened to him?”I could almost hear her thoughts. She was leaning out of her bedroom window, waiting like always. Her nightgown billowed in the gentle breeze, her hair framed her face, and her skin glowed in the moonlight.I wasn’t being mean by making her wait. I was nervous, very nervous. Tonight I was going to risk my heart. I reached into my pocket and felt the ring.“Deep breath, James. Just breathe.”I pulled myself together and slipped away from the line of Birch trees separating our back yards. My God. The closer I got, the more beautiful she became. I stuck to the shadows, but she knew my path. Her first look upon noticing me was that of relief, but it soon changed to concern. She stepped back so that I could climb inside her window. Then she immediately pelted me as a worried woman would.“Where were you? I was scared to death. I thought something happened. You’re never this lat—”I silenced her with my lips on hers. She mildly resisted at first, but I soon felt her warm, soft arms wrap around me. Nothing else felt this good. The sounds she made came from deep within her chest. These, her smell, and her touch ignited everything that made me a man.I knew she could feel my cock against her belly, but she only hugged me tighter. Getting lost in this, I had to stop while I could. I pulled back from her and she almost looked hurt.“James, please.”It took all of my restraint, but I told her, “If we don’t stop now… wewon’tstop.”The sound she made was almost a whine, and I knew exactly how she felt.“Mary, I have something. I need something. I want to say something.”She looked a little exasperated, like talking was the last thing on her mind. But she sat down on her bed and I went to the window.“Mary, I love you. I’m madly in love with you, and I’m tired of sneaking into your window. I’m tired of walking off into the night and leaving you here, and I’m tired of sleeping alone.”She knew this; I’d said it before, and I knew she felt the same way. I turned to look at her. My God she was stunning. The moonlight reflected in her eyes. Her lips still glistened from our kiss. Her shoulders were bare except for the flimsy straps, and her half-covered breasts rose and fell with her breath.Her legs were slightly parted. The half of her thighs that were bare tormented my mind with thoughts of what lay between. My gaze ran down her calves to her pretty, bare feet, then slowly made their way back to her eyes. When I saw the fire burning in them, my resolve to wait almost vanished.“What, James? Tell me.”I took a step towards her.“I want you Mary. Not for just tonight, but forever. I don’t want to leave you anymore.”Standing in front of her now, I dropped to one knee.“I want to make you mine. Forever.”With that, I pulled the ring from my pocket.“Mary, Baby, will you marry me?”She gasped, covered her mouth with both hands, leapt off the bed, and tackled me to the floor. Between happy laughs, she peppered me with kisses, and said “Yes,” over and over.Leaving her was always painful, but this time was just a little easier. She’d said yes, she was wearing my ring, and very soon she’d be mine. I’d been planning this for a while. I even had an apartment and a job there. The train tickets were for 9:00 am. After a three hour ride and a trip to the Judge, we’d be husband and wife. Nothing was going to stop us.After explaining all of this, I’d barely escaped with our virtue intact. I could still smell her perfume. I could still feel her breasts crushed against my chest, and my cock was still hard because of it all. Hmmm. That part I could fix, at least temporarily.Having made it back to the wood line, I dropped my pants and looked towards her window. She wasn’t there, but when I closed my eyes, I was in her arms.Lifting my shirt to my nose, I inhaled her perfume and wrapped my hand around my steely shaft. Then I played her words over in my mind. “I love you James. God, I can’t wait to have you. I dream of being your wife.”Then there was the kiss and the words of promise.I was stroking furiously by now. It wouldn’t be long now. Reaching the point of no return, I cried out her name into the woods. The ropes of my release landed in front of me. I took a few minutes to calm down, then blew her a silent kiss.“I’ll see you in the morning, Love.”