(L) – This story contains brief use of strong language.Please readPart 1 of this story hereto read about the beginning of this most intimate evening. Now, where had I left off…? Oh, yes!Sir slowly rubbed my pussy as I fell from my peak, writhing and babbling as I did. His lips neared mine and kissed me dominantly. A hand held my throat as his lips claimed mine, and his tongue searched within for my soul. What a kiss, what a man.“Master… mmmm…. thank you so much…”“Most welcome, you deserved it. But do not become used to it, Sophia. Turn onto your stomach, now.”“Master, maybe you can relax and lie dow—”His eyes darted to mine, piercing into me, “I do not need to hear your voice. Lie down, I know what I must do.”“Please forgive me Master, I promise I will be a good girl…” I lay down on my stomach, as Sir pulled me to the edge of the bed. He stretched my legs apart, such that my body was in the shape of an upside down letter “T” and his hands found my hair. A firm grasp and pull arched my back.“Masterrrrr…. oh, please, use my pussy for yourself. I want to be good Nymph for you, please Sir?” I begged, moaning as I was inebriated with marital passion. I felt so lost, open, vulnerable, and broken. Not in a negative manner; all of the shyness and blushing was still present, but powerless in stopping him. I was afraid of how much I was falling for my own husband.Sir kissed my forehead from behind, arching my back more, and laid his dark and magma-hot manhood on my derrière. I felt it in the center, its size and heat so wonderfully familiar to me.With one final grasp and pull, he said, “Sophia, for the rest of the night, you will not deserve to know what happens. I will do what I must, and that is that. Enjoy, my love.”With that, his cock pushed its way into my pussy, eliciting a moan that must have echoed for many miles. He began with deep and slow strokes, letting me know what shape my pussy must maintain, molding me as he does each and every evening in which he claims my body. His hands held my hair, and my waist, and then kneaded my breasts as he sped up his movement.“Master, yes yes yes yes yes yes, please take my pussy!”I was so naughty, I am blushing writing it now! Sir’s hands found the tips of my breasts, pulling at them and making me squeal with ecstatic pain.He slowed his strokes, pulling me back to his voice: “I want you to receive me, but at the pace I desire. Careful, too slow and you know the result.”He was so measured, his breath not hitching or ragged, utterly in command of himself and me. I was pushed forward, until my upper body lay on the bed. I stretched my arms above my head and then used my thighs to move my bottom back and forth, pleasuring Master with my pussy.“Oh, yes, yes, dear Master, is Nymph doing good for her king? Please… I want to be your good girl…”I so dearly wanted to be his Nymph, I wanted to service him and ensure he enjoyed our sensual union—whether I reach an orgasm is besides the point, I enjoyed merely letting him control whether I deserved to.  Unfortunately, it seemed I was too slow. His hand came down in a firm spank on my bottom, causing a redness to form.“MASTER I AM SORRY!” I moaned.“Faster, Sophia, this is too slow!” His voice bellowed in our bedroom, as I sped up. My bottom shook each time I brought it back to his mighty thighs, consuming his cock within me each time. His cock was a sword of fire, burning its way into me each time, roasting me in the fires of love.“Oh, yes! Thank you so much for your cock Master, thank you for taking my pussy, let me give you this pussy…” it was the most pleasurable time for me, as I incessantly brought my bottom back onto him, serving his manly mast with great devotion.“Faster.”SPANK“Faster, woman!”SPANK“I am trying, Sir…” I breathlessly moaned as I sped up more. I wanted to please my king, and no desire in this world would be worth anything if I could not have that moment to please him.“Perhaps we ought to stop here, hmm?”“NO SIR YOU CAN’T, I NEED YOU!”Sir quickly grabbed my breasts, twisting the tips lightly and kneading them as I moaned.“Nothing here is for you to decide, do you understand?Know your limits!”“OH YES MASTER PLEASE I CAN MAKE YOU HAPPY!” I moaned and yelled as I increased speed to a terminal limit, where I reached the peak of my pleasure mentally. I was in a space of pure submission and service, my body moving back and forth as if on rails, as if programmed. No amount of soreness in my thighs, tiredness in my hips, or coarseness in my voice from unstopped moaning would be able to halt my service.“Look at you… ahh, such a good feeling, keep on it my love, keep on it.”My king’s encouragement was met with an unintelligible high pitched moan, as my mind was lost for the foreseeable future.“Ahh, yes… such a good warm and wonderful little vortex, sucking me in. But look at you,” he laughed.SPANK“Thank you, Master!” I subconsciously moaned.“Such a beautiful woman, such a lovely lady… if even a single thought of mine veered even a degree off of your direction I would be a fool…”I blushed as I kept my unstoppable service for him. My pussy gushed with nectar, reaching another orgasm. However, I did not scream or writhe. I knew I was experiencing a peak, but my mind and body were consumed in moving itself back and forth, hoping and praying that my Master was pleased!“What are you, Sophia?”I was admittedly lost a bit, so a firm spank awoke my mind.“NYMPH FOR MY BELOVED!”“You are my very own whore, Sophia. My beloved girl, to bed as I want to.”The words were powerful, and in any other context or circumstance I know my husband would dare never use such a term in principle. But it seems he was not insulting me or degrading me; he was a doctor, diagnosing the patient. A linguist, translating a text with not an ounce of abridgement. I was a whore, a nymph, addicted to letting him taste and claim my pussy. Addicted to letting him fill my womb with his seed.Without a word, he removed himself, the chill air rushing into me as the heat of his manhood leaves me. I was turned onto my back once more, legs raised onto my mighty Master’s shoulders, as he plunged into me once more. With a primal grunt, he began to move in and out of me, each stroke becoming more and more powerful.“MAS… TER.. YES.. AHH… UGH… UGH… OHHHHH!” I incoherently screamed.Periods of quick and efficient strikes on my pussy, and slow, deep movements had me melting and crumbling for my dear husband. His groans grew less and less controlled, his fists further planted into the bed in a planking position as he occasionally leaned in for a kiss that made me whimper, or a wondrous bite of my neck or breasts.“You… are… bringing me close to… oh, Sophia!”“Sir, bless me with your seed, please Master!”My legs wrapped around his waist, as we both consciously realized how close he was to impregnating me with his potent, manly seed. I moaned and groaned as his grunts became more short, angered, and deeper in my ear.“Is my good girl ready for her gift?”I groggily moaned back, signaling my preparedness. As I reached another peak, Sir released himself into me. Boiling hot lava poured into me, searing its way into my womb. Nothing could stop its advance, as my Master made sure that his powerful staff was well equipped to make me his once more.As we lowered from the peak of orgasm, he looked deep into my eyes. In them was written love and care beyond any words, and he kissed me with a soft dominance, his hand touching and stroking my face, and his other hand kneading my bottom and thighs.“Maybe I ought to keep us like this for a while, let it all settle in you,” he said with a hearty laugh.I giggled, strongly blushing. “I… would certainly not wish to waste my king’s kind gift.”Still within my pussy, he laid on his side, pulling one of my legs up so he can stay inside of me. We kissed softly, as I felt him pushing as much as he could of what he gave me further inside. I began to cry, as I sometimes do following intense sensual evenings with him. He held me close to his chest, his manhood now softening slowly within me.“My nymph did such a wonderful job.”“Thank you,” I whispered whilst sniffling and tearing up.”Who’s my good girl?””I am… I… am…””Yes you are, Sophia, yes you are.”I am unsure when, but I soon fell asleep in his arms. I woke up the next morning feeling that very little of his seed had left me. I prayed to the Lord, thanking Him for such an earthly Master to guide me in marriage and family; he is my spiritual leader and the steward of my body and mind in this life. I prayed that I may be allowed to mother another child of my husband’s and raise that child to love the Lord and realize His grace.Fortunately, the Lord was so graceful and merciful, as to answer my prayers. I believe that that evening, my husband impregnated me. I now grow another beautiful baby in my womb. Each day, I see the pronounced curves of my body, the glow of my skin and hair, and the gratefulness to the Lord. Each day, I join unto my God-given husband, as river unto sea, hoping he may gift me with more opportunities to serve him.Thank you for reading, and once more I apologize for any improper language or tones. I do pray you all are well, you are in my heart and mind.Joyfully in Christ,SophTea “n_n”