It’s Memorial Day weekend, and Lacy and I are camping with family way up in the mountains.  We are the only childless couple, but the neices and nephews have all been sleeping in our tent, and after two sexless nights, I’m getting very frustrated.As the sun comes up, I wake Lacy and motion for her to be quiet and follow me.  Then I grab my backpack, and we hurry quietly out of the tent and up the boulder-strewn trail behind the campsite.  Lacy asks where I’m taking her.“Anywhere but here,” I tell her.“Why? What do you have in mind?”“You. I have you on my mind.”Lacy stops walking, and since she’s holding my hand, she drags me to a halt too. I turn to see her smiling as she pulls me close, and we kiss long and passionately.  My already stiff cock begins to throb in my sweatpants.  Lacy moans and grinds her belly against me, and I slap my hands against her firm ass.“I don’t think I really need the teasing this morning,” I told her. “It’s been nearly three days; I’m horny as hell.”Lacy giggles as she falls down on her knees and reaches for my waistband.“Here? We’re barely 20 feet from your brother’s tent!”In answer, Lacy looks up and smiles while pulling my sweatpants down my legs to my ankles, then grabs my aching cock. Opening her mouth wide, she pulls my cock into it.I must look crazy standing there bare-cheeked with a backpack on, but thankfully only bird twitter and the occasional light snore disturbs the stillness of the early morning. So I grasp Lacy’s face and slowly pull it down my cock.Lacy gags when my head slides over the back of her tongue and stops at the entrance to her throat. Her lips close around the base of my shaft, and she starts sucking, an occasional moan vibrating around my cock.Looking down and watching my beautiful wife suck my cock with such love and desire, I start to thrust in and out of her mouth. She tries to maintain suction, but she loses her seal every time my cockhead reaches her throat. The rhythmic suck-release-suck-release with each thrust is more then I can take;  truthfully, I didn’t want to hold back.  I hold her face tight against me, my cock buried in her mouth, and groan as my cock pumps cum against the back of her throat.Lacy swallows fast drinking all my cum down.  I lean back against a large rock behind me and look at Lacy in amazement. She smiles as she stands and presses herself against me, and we share a passionate kiss. I taste my cum on her lips, and when I hungrily suck on her tongue, she chirrups her arousal.Across the campsite, we hear the kids wake up and one calls out for us. We laugh and pull my sweats back up before hurrying on up the mountain trail.