This post contains strong language (L).When our third child was born I had been through a very rough and stressful pregnancy. My body went through it all, and I put on a good amount of weight. After the doctor had cleared us to have sex again, my husband was excited—but I wasn’t. I was so unhappy and didn’t feel confident in myself. I wasn’t the same thin wife with big tits and a perfectly round ass.Months passed. Though my husband kept trying to initiate sexy time, I had an excuse every time. I kept trying to lose some of the weight and get my shape back but never really made the serious progress I wanted. One night, we were relaxing in our room and I got up to change into some sweatpants. I stood in my closet to change, and as I did, Timothy got up, walked into the closet, and gave me a kiss. Then he grabbed my ass and continued to kiss me.“Stop, baby; not tonight.”Timothy sighed and walked off.“Baby, I’m sorry. I’ll make it up to you. Just not tonight.”“Honey, you’ve said that multiple times in the last six months. We haven’t had sex in HALF A YEAR. Why?”“We’ve been busy! And I just had a kid, honey!”“Those weren’t excuses with the first two.”“You know what? FINE. If you want sex come on.”I got on the bed and turned the lights out. (We didn’t usually do this.)I pulled my sweatpants off, and Timothy entered me. We had very uncomfortable sex for maybe a minute before I started to tear up.“Baby, stop. I can’t do this.”Timothy immediately stopped and turned the bedside light on.“Baby, what’s wrong? What did I do??!“It’s not you, honey.” I was having a breakdown.Timothy grabbed me and hugged me. “Baby talk to me.”Fighting through the tears I said, “I’m sorry, honey… I don’t want to have sex… because I don’t feel comfortable. I’ve gained so much weight, and I’m fat now. I don’t feel like the sexy mother and wife I used to be. And I’m sorry, I shouldn’t be refusing sex from you. But I just haven’t felt comfortable, and I’ve tried so hard to lose the weight, but I still just don’t feel comfortable. I’m sorry honey.” I continued to cry.“I forgive you honey, and I love you. I love you more now than I ever have. Understand that. Also understand that, to me, you’re just as beautiful now as you were before, and I’ve never not wanted to have sex with you. That’s the only thing you should be worried about—not what other people think and not your own insecurities. You are hot.“Baby, you don’t have to lie.”“I’m not lying. Here, get up.”We both got up as he walked me to the bathroom. Timothy turned a light on and stood behind me.“Now, look at the mirror. You know what I see?”“A fat mom,” I said.“Wrong.” He smacked my ass. “I see the woman I married, sexier than ever.” Timothy turned me around. “Your body is perfect to me.”“How can you find this perfect???” I gestured at the woman in the mirror, pointing out her thicker thighs and a stomach bigger than it was before.“Baby, your thighs turn me on. I love those thick thighs. Your thighs and booty have gotten bigger, and I love it—it gives me more to grab. And your stomach is just as beautiful to me. That extra weight and those stretch marks remind me of how you carried my children and gave birth to them.”I teared up again.“Baby, I love you. You are just as beautiful to me now as you always have been. You’re my little sexy MILF.”We both laughed, and I started to realize I was wrong to beat myself up.My hands roamed Timothy’s naked body as we kissed and hugged in the bathroom. I then grabbed my husband’s soft cock, dropped to my knees, and took the entire thing into my mouth.I began to suck as it grew quickly to its full length. Once his cock reached full size, I sucked on its head and looked up at my husband.“All the evidence you need that I still find you hot is in your mouth,” he told me.I stopped sucking his cock and spit on it. Then I started slowly stroking his shaft while licking his balls.“Oh fuck, Liz, that feels so good.”I moaned and returned to sucking his cock, pausing to tell him, “Mmmm baby, your cock tastes good. I love sucking you.”Suddenly, I stopped and stood up. I grabbed Timothy’s hand, pulled him to the bed, and told him to lie down. Then I grabbed the lube and lubed up my big titties which, though larger, were still in great shape. (At the time, even I’d admit this.) I grabbed my boobs and began stroking Timothy’s cock with my boobs.Timothy began moaning uncontrollably.“Holy fuck, baby, keep doing that.”“Oh, yeah? You like my big boobs? You like when I stroke your cock with my boobs?”“Yes, baby… oh god, your so fucking sexy.”I continued to stroke faster and faster.“I’m about to cum, baby,” Timothy warned me.I stopped stroking and rolled over. “I want you to cum on my face, baby.”Timothy put his massive cock in my face, and I returned to sucking it, pausing at times to use my words to urge him on. “Mmm-hmm, baby…. Oh yeah… Your cock is so big.”“OH YEAH, BABY… Oh I’m about to cum… I’m gonna cum… Oh, honey…”I stopped sucking and jerked Timothy off.“OH FUCK…… I’m CUMMING!” Suddenly, Timothy’s cock unloaded so much that it covered my face and boobs.“Mmmm, baby, you’re cum tastes good.” I licked Timothy’s cum off his tip and my lips.Timothy fell over on the bed and pulled my head to his for a kiss. We both missed this so much, and we hadn’t even had intercourse… yet.“Baby, thank you.”“No, Timothy. Thank you for loving me unconditionally. I was wrong. I missed your cock, baby. I missed our love.”After a few minutes of kissing, I asked, “Ready for round two?”To be continued.