(The Kancamagus Highway and Parts North)BIG PICTUREIn the immortal words of Inigo Montoya, “Let me explain. No, there is too much. Let me sum up.”On August 11, Queen and I went to a nude beach! That’s here on MarriageHeat inNude Beach – Part 1. (https://marriageheat.com/2023/12/07/nude-beach-part-1/)On August 23 – 25, we took an anniversary jaunt to the White Mountains. That’s also started on MH inThe Great North Woods – Part 1.(https://marriageheat.com/2023/11/16/in-the-great-north-woods-part-1/) That was a hot side-junket, and bracketed before and after by erotic waterfall hunting, which begins here in Part 2.On September 5 – 6, we went back to the same nude beach, and that tale is coming in Nude Beach – Part 2. Stay tuned.ERRANDS AND THE DRIVE (8/23)Queen is a big quilter, a very talented quilter, and we needed to get her “machine” tuned and serviced at a shop up north. So an hour plus in the car gave us time to talk about our love and lust for each other, and plans for this erotic escapade. To be honest, it also let us play with each other’s naughty bits at high speed! Pre-cum and pussy juice in the fast lane! (Don’t try this at home, kids! We are trained professionals!)Quick aside: the Quilt Machine Guy (QMG) told us it would take an hour and gave us a breakfast recommendation. He said he’d call when done, but we did NOT have to RUSH back. We had a nice breakfast, returned and parked at the shop. Just then the phone rang, and QMG said, “It’s done.” Literally, we sprinted 10 yards into the store, leaned on the counter huffing and puffing, and I wheezed, “Are we too late?” The whole place busted up!It was another 90 minutes to our first falls, and so we talked and seduced and felt each other up like horny teenagers. Queen’s hands stroked and pumped my hardening cock, and my pre-cum flowed. While a little more awkward for me, I stroked her pussy and “pinched” her clit through her pussy lips (she loves this.). Meat Loaf once sang Paradise by the Dashboard Light. This was our Edging in the Fast Lane. (And no speeding tickets!)SABBADAY FALLS (8/23)We turned east on the Kancamagus Highway, arriving at Sabbaday Falls 30 minutes later. Sabbaday is a beautiful set of several cascades, burly trail railings, and sometimes a lot of people. So naked hiking was out for now, but the occasional “pause-turn-flash” maneuver was all the rage. We have several hot pictures of tits, pussy, cock, balls, and asses out in the wild. We had to be careful not to “include others” in the pics!While this may sound tame at the moment, remember we were looking for three days of constant edging, “nakedist” wanderings, and passionate fucking. We were OK with building the heat and enjoying the process. Flashing each other for pics is very intentional, as is doing it while others may wander upon you. This sexual adrenaline was a heady drink, and we loved it. Our seductive ramp was building, and we got so fucking horny!SCENIC PULL-OVER (8/23)With Sabbaday behind us and visions of fucking before us, we headed for our destination at an Inn in Jackson, NH. Or so we thought. Driving a few more miles on the Kanc, we saw an intriguing “scenic parking” area, made perfect by no other cars! On a whim, we parked and headed downhill on a nondescript trail. Once out of road sight, I stripped off completely. I would not be denied my naked hiking! It’s my kink, and I love it.The trail soon petered out, but my erection did not. So, Queen gave me a marvelous “blowjob al fresco” by a boulder on the trail, just barely out of view from the road. I felt her pussy as well, and we think we briefly fucked, but it’s a hazy memory. Let’s say we did, and not ruin a good story with facts! Once clothed and back up at the car, Queen stood on a rock, and flashed her amazing tits at me and the road. Alas, no passers-by. Still hot AF!BARTLETT EXPERIMENTAL FOREST (8/23)So now our libidos were pumped, our juices flowing, and we needed to register at a really nice Inn in Jackson, NH. We’ve “anniversaried” there before, and Queen has reached pinnacle heights of seduction in the in-room hot tub. Man, she was hot! So we turned north on Bear Notch Road, as recounted inIn The Great North Woods – Part 1. This mention is just a “trail sign” pointing to that story.GLEN ELLIS FALLS (8/23)Once checked in, we wanted more wilderness passion. So we head north on Route 16 to Glen Ellis Falls (GEF). We had been to GEF before, and it was pretty impressive, even with clothes on! It’s also another well-touristed site, and so our erotic endeavors were clandestine at best. But sometimes edging is like that. Often that makes edging all the more fucking hot! Almost seen. Almost caught. Just barely not! “That was close!” Always sexual adrenaline!So we grabbed some flashing pics. We spent this entire trip commando, and with minimal clothing when dressed. My gym shorts were lightweight and easily pulled to the side to flash Queen with my cock and balls. Her hikers were also “easy access,” and she could also wear a tennis skirt commando. She kept her tits and pussy in view, and I loved it! We like to flash each other with people in the background, where they can’t see the goods. They still may “know.”CONCLUSIONDay One of our anniversary trip was jam-packed with heat, passion, seduction, and some kind of sex… a lot of kinds of sex. Yes, we also fucked back at the Inn once we hit the room. Queen was so erotic, so amazing. (As always). We got a room with their deluxe in-room hot tub and an open window space. It was like we were outside, and we definitely were naked and playing. All in all, a wild start to our trip. And we slept exhausted!See you again In The Great North Woods – Part 3.