(L) – This story contains strong language.Though we still feel relatively youthful (parenting young kids can do that for you), Lucy and I are no longer the spring chickens we used to be. I’ve been experiencing the impacts of approaching middle age—it takes me longer to recover from long runs, for instance, and my shoulders seem to be sore all the time. For her part, Lucy has been dealing with recurring pain in her lower back and hips.(I know this doesn’t seem like an appropriate topic for Marriage Heat, but stay with me.)A few months back, Lucy purchased a firm, triangular pillow that she could place under her knees to try to alleviate some of her back pain. She slept with it for about a week but decided that it wasn’t really effective, so she ended up putting it away in the closet.Instead, she started an exercise regimen that seemed to help a lot—and it got her looking fit enough that I was inspired to start working out, too.Fast forward to last weekend. It was Saturday night. The boys were in bed after family movie night, and Lucy and I were getting ready for bed. I got out of my clothes and hopped under the covers with my book while Lucy did some stretches on the carpet. Then she stood in front of our full mirror, pulling off her shorts and T-shirt so she was just wearing her panties.She examined herself, turning to the side as she eyed her reflection.”My workouts are making a difference,” she said. “I feel a lot better, and I think I’m looking more trim.”“You look great,” I agreed. “Quite sexy, in fact.”Lucy smiled. “I’ve still got a bit of a tummy, but my tits are pretty firm for a middle-aged mom of two!” She cupped each breast and pushed them up and together.Her breasts did look wonderful—full, firm and creamy white, with prominent pink nipples punctuating the tips.My book was no longer keeping my attention. I felt that satisfying preliminary trembling in my cock as it started to stiffen beneath the sheets. I didn’t touch it, though. I just watched Lucy watching herself in the mirror.She continued standing there, turning this way and that, enjoying her body and the obvious effect it was having on me.At one point Lucy turned all the way around so her back was to the mirror. She peered over her shoulder as she stuck her panty-clad ass out.“My ass has always been firm,” she said, giving me a coquettish wink.“OK, that’s enough,” I said, as I threw the sheets aside and jumped out of the bed, my cock firmly on display through my boxers. I strode over and spun her around, pressing myself against her from behind and reaching around to grab rough handfuls of her breasts.Lucy relaxed into me, tilting her head back while I nuzzled her neck. Her skin was soft and warm. She moved her body sensuously, slowly rocking her hips as I caressed her.I pushed both hands down into the elastic of her panties from behind to grab firm handfuls of her ass. She squeezed her ass cheeks and leaned forward.In one fluid motion I dropped to my knees and pulled her panties down to her ankles. Lucy reached behind to grab handfuls of my hair. I planted kisses on her smooth ass, reaching up and under to stroke her pussy.Lucy turned around and I buried my face in her curly auburn pubes. She spread her knees and squatted to give me full access to her moistening labia, which I licked hungrily.After a few minutes of this she pulled me up and kissed me deeply. “Take me to bed,” she commanded. She reached down to take hold of my firm cock.I guided her to the bed and she lay on top of the comforter with her head on the pillow and her knees spread.I paused, an idea entering my mind. “Wait here,” I told her. “I’ll be right back.”I quickly walked out of our room, tiptoeing past the boys’ bedroom door to the hallway linen closet. There, I grabbed the foam wedge pillow from the top shelf, then took it back to our bedroom.Lucy looked bemused as I entered the room holding the wedge. “What is that for?” she asked.“I know it hasn’t really worked for your back pain, but I thought there might be another use for it,” I said. “Scoot over.”Lucy moved to the side and I put the wedge down on the middle of our bed. It was protected by a cotton cover.“Go ahead and lie on your stomach with this under your hips,” I told her.Lucy gave me a sidelong glance, but she went ahead and rolled over onto the wedge. The way it pushed her hips and ass up made my cock twitch.“Fuck, babe, this makes you look hot,” I growled. “Are you comfortable?”Lucy nestled her head in her crossed arms and wriggled her hips. “This feels good. It’s hitting me right at my clit—the pressure is perfect.”I leaned forward to stroke her pussy from behind. Her lips were full and juicy, and I had a perfect view of her sex with her hips raised up like that.Taking off my boxers, I straddled Lucy and leaned forward to give her a back massage. She continued to rock her hips as I rubbed her shoulders and neck. Every so often my cock pushed against her ass and she shuddered.“This is bliss,” she murmured.I got off her and scooted down to better examine her exposed pussy. The way it was pushed up and so open and glistening turned me on so much.I kneeled behind her at the foot of the bed, half on and half off, playing with her pussy—tracing the exterior folds and pushing first one, then two fingers deep inside her warm hole. I felt her muscles contract. Then I took my hand out, covered in her juices, and grabbed her ass with both hands. I spread her cheeks wide, showing off her perfect pink asshole. I put my face down close to lick her pussy and breathe in her smell.“God, I feel so exposed,” Lucy said. “I feel like you could take me any way you wanted right now.”“I want to fuck you so bad,” I moaned.Lucy pushed her hips back toward me. “Do it,” she commanded. “Fuck me. Put your cock in me right now.”I straddled her again with my knees on either side of her hips and positioned myself at her waiting entrance. Slowly, I fed my cock into her pussy until I was fully inside her. She moaned and pushed her ass against me while I started thrusting.Lucy pushed herself up on her elbows and looked over her shoulders at me. “Pull my hair,” she said. I reached over and grabbed a handful of her curly red locks, pulling gently.“No. Harder.” She pushed herself into me with increasing intensity, making sure each thrust went deep.I pulled her hair harder so her head arched back, at the same time reaching under to fondle her breast and play with her nipple. Lucy smiled.“Yes, yes, like this. Just like this, don’t stop. Keep fucking me like you’re doing.”“Babe your pussy feels so good,” I moaned. “I love fucking you like this.”We kept up like this for a few minutes. Soon Lucy started to pant and I could tell she was getting close. “I can’t believe how different this position feels—the pressure on my clit and the new sensation, the way the wedge gives you easy access…”I kept up the rhythm I started, pushing deep into her and then pulling out. Sometimes (after every fifth or sixth thrust) I would pull almost all the way out, which made Lucy shiver.“Go harder. I’m so close.” I picked up the pace and the intensity, releasing my grip on her hair and grabbing her hips as I fucked her hard. I could feel my own release building.Lucy took handfuls of the comforter and buried her head into her pillow, muffling her moans that began to build in frequency and volume until they became stifled screams.“Oh, God! Oh, fuck! Please come inside me. Fuck me as hard as you can!”I leaned forward so my body was pressed against Lucy’s back and gave a series of full thrusts so I was balls deep in her pussy. Putting my face against her cheek, I whispered in her ear, “You like getting fucked like this?”“Oh, yes, baby. God, yes!” I felt her pussy tighten around my shaft and her legs started to shake. As soon as her first orgasm subsided she was hit by another wave.My hips continued to rock into hers and soon I reached the point of no return, releasing my energy and my seed into her warmth with a trembling intensity. It took a few thrusts to fully empty myself.I stayed inside her and stretched my body so it covered hers. With one hand I stroked her hair while the other ran up and down her smooth nakedness.Lucy sighed and smiled contentedly.After a few long moments lying together like that, my cock started to soften and my cum leaked from her pussy. I grabbed a tissue from the bedside table to clean her up. The sight of her pussy glistening with the combination of her own juices and my seed was so beautiful.I knew we would be putting this pillow to good use in the days and weeks ahead!