My MH friends,For those of you who know the classic hit movie Titanic, you may remember the scene where Kate steps up against the railing on the top deck and leans out into the headwinds of the Atlantic Ocean with her arms spread and Leo tucked closely behind her.Yeah, that’s it… that’s the preview of my cumming attraction.But, first, I would like to thank all of you who have shared your appreciation of my seven offerings, especially those who added your personal reactions, sharing how my stories have turned you on and what sexual antics followed with you and your lover as a result. I SO love reading how my hot and juicy sexual experiences with Jim motivate some of you horny types to get naked and hungry for fucking your spouses.By the way, when I use the term “fucking,” I mean to differentiate the act of making love, such as a lovingly planned, very romantic time together in bed—maybe with a glass of wine, etc.—from an impromptu, unharnessed sex assault on your incredibly hot sex partner. In other words, a serious FUCK. Think of the woman who swipes all the contents off the top of the kitchen table and hikes up her skirt while bending over and displaying her naked pussy covered by only a shoestring of her favorite g-string, then uttering, “I need that big, thick cock in me NOW!I hope I’ve made this distinction clear.While I cherish my traditional lovemaking time with Jim, the slower, more sensitive rhythm of our exploring and satisfying each other, there are just some days when nothing but an impromptu, hard-driving, tit-twisting fuck will do for me. I’m talking about one of his controlling, forcing me to my knees, cocksucking calls for me to please him. It begins with me begging for what I desire the most when I’m in heat: sucking his awesome tool, feeling it gliding up and down my throat, and eventually building it into the fuckstick he uses to nail me into ecstasy in any position he desires.So, with this distinction in mind, I would like to share with you perhaps my favorite of all the fucking actions we have lovingly and hungrily developed in recent times. This one we call our “Titanic fuck.” The name is descriptive and appropriate, I/we believe, as it involves me leaning over the railing of our second-story balcony deck, dressed in my light swimsuit pullover wrap, while Jim, with only his loose-fitting robe covering his package, dry humps me from behind as a prelude to things to cum.I especially enjoy it when the neighbors on the lot behind us are present while we are playing; it adds a thrill, and we always discuss the adventure later in bed. This couple, whom we have known for a dozen years, hollers out with a wave as we exchange pleasantries. We appear to be just a lovingly close couple from afar; little do they know that while I am chatting and smiling, Jim is slipping his stiff cock into my soaking cunt!Really, the feeling I get when I’m in this position while talking with my neighbor is indescribable. Here I am, being fucked from behind in broad daylight, only about 70’ from our backyard fence, while carrying on a conversation about the weather and our sad-looking vegetable garden.I sometimes wonder if they know we are fucking, if they think we are attempting to seduce them or if they suspect nothing whatsoever. Truthfully, we are mostly covered and above them, but I guess they may be aware of a bit of swaying, especially on my part, as my orgasm builds in intensity.Sometimes Jim will tease me by stopping his deep thrusts into my cunt. This creates an almost involuntary action on my part to drive my ass back into his cock, which is most likely an obvious sign from below that we aren’t just out on our deck for the view.I guess this is my favorite relatively new fuck position because it feeds my exhibitionist tendencies, even though our naked bodies are not on display (even when he slips his hands under my coverup very discreetly for some nipple twisting). It also fires up my sex-starved nymphomaniac urges. I feel total freedom and very sexy this way. While Jim has never said so, I think he believes that these good neighbors know he’s fucking me, and it turns them on!Oh, I almost forgot. While I’m on the subject, there was a time when I threw two beach towels over the railing for privacy one morning when I spotted the neighbors. I called Jim to join me on the balcony (in his robe, of course.) When he arrived and spotted me sitting with my back against the railing, my mouth open, and licking my lips, he knew what I wanted.He slowly approached the railing while waving good morning to the neighbors. Leaning over a bit, he purposely shifted his growing cock from one of my cheeks to the other and from one eye to the other, avoiding my open, hungry mouth. It’s maddening when he teases me this way, yet it is so satisfying when he finds his favorite target, my warm mouth, and firmly glides down my throat.I knew for sure that this deepthroat blow job would end in a flooding release into my throat and mouth. No way could he stop under these circumstances, and I couldn’t wait to take in his sweet sauce. So when I decided it was time, I played with his nuts with one hand and slipped a finger in his asshole with my other, setting off an explosive rupture of cum down my throat and spilling out the sides of my mouth. When he pulled out, a thick strand of his load dangled down, and I caught it on my firm nipples and rubbed it in, launching me into my own orgasm!So, there you have it: a little more evidence of what an oversexed slut I can be at times. All I know is that my wonderful, sexy hubby knows how much pleasure I get from sucking, fucking, and showing off for him. And we are always consulting sources like MH to stimulate us and enhance our sex experiences.I also hope you are getting off reading my stories. So why not relax, close your eyes, and dream about getting off with your spouse, just as we did in this tale?Careful, don’t make a mess now! 😉