We have just returned from one of those “mini-vacations.” You know the kind—a Thursday through Monday trip to some place warm with sun, beaches, water, and food. A lot of each.Our hotel overlooked the ocean. We were on the 10th floor with a balcony. We kept the sliding door open at night to catch the cool breeze and to hear the waves.As we had hoped, it had been a wonderful time. Just what we both needed, and the weather was perfect. We probably could have felt more sorry for our family and friends back home dealing with snow and subzero temperatures. We did—a little.On our last night there, we arrived back in our room after a fun-filled day. The only thing that marred the happiness was knowing we had to go back the next day.We packed and showered (separately) and climbed into bed. We lay there in darkness, holding hands, and listened to the waves.Until…We started to hear voices in the next room, which was located on the other side of the wall behind our bed. The television next door was on, and we couldn’t make anything out except a male and female in a muffled conversation. Soon we heard giggles followed eventually by small groans that turned into loud moans. That was followed by the consistent thumping of the bed.Yes indeed.Now this was not the first time we had heard other couples in such situations. We tried to ignore them because it is probably safe to say others have heard us doing the same thing, or almost, at previous times.We lay there in the dark, not saying anything. If my wife was asleep, I didn’t want to disturb her. I tried not to pay attention, but I could feel that one part of my body was DEFINITELY paying attention.As the moans continued,  I heard both partners groan their thanks and appreciation to each other. The loud moans would seem to indicate it was a good experience.Finally, the woman screamed one final time, and the man followed with a low growl. The bed slowly stopped pounding against the wall, and it grew quiet next door.I lay there and lightly stroked my erection. I wasn’t sure if my wife was awake. If not, I wasn’t going to do anything to wake her. Which made it awkward for me in the “condition” I was in.Suddenly, my wife rolled and took firm hold of my erection. “So are we going to do what they just did?” she asked.“How did you know I was thinking about that?”My wife moved her hand up and down my erection. “Because you are a guy.”Fair enough. I rolled over on my side, facing her in the dark.“I have only one request,” she said.“What’s that?” I asked.“Make me scream like that.”My senses went into overdrive, and my erection hardened even more. I put her on her back and began to kiss her intensely. She returned the favor. I kissed her forehead and neck up to her ears.“I am going to ravish you,” I whispered.She sighed. I took that as a yes.I lifted her up to remove her shirt, laid her back down, and began to nibble, kiss, and then suck her breasts. I did one and then the other. I would suck one nipple and roll the other one in my free hand. As I did my “due diligence,” I began to hear more sighs from my wife. I kept planting small kisses on her body. My hands wandered down her stomach. I slipped my hand under her panties between her legs and found the desired location already moist.”Someone is ready,” I teased.”You weren’t the only person who heard them,” she said. “I got excited, too.”Knowing that she too had been motivated by what we’d heard only heightened my desire for her.I repositioned myself on the bed and pulled off her panties. I spread her legs quickly and used my finger and tongue on that special place.She started to moan louder as my tongue moved up and down her entrance. I used my fingers to massage her thighs gently. She placed her legs on my shoulders to grant me more access.As I varied the pace, my wife began to squirm. Her moans became louder and more persistent. She lifted her rear end off the bed. I cupped her behind in my hands.Before she reached the point of no return, I pulled back. She moaned in protest. I again sat up and pulled her up.“From the back tonight,” I said. “I know that drives you crazy.”My wife turned around, got on her knees, placed a pillow underneath her to provide for better access, and bent over, presenting herself to me.I moved in behind her, my erection poised at her entrance.“Please do the honors,” I said.My wife again took hold of my member and slid it into her sacred chamber. We both gasped loudly as I settled into it.“Please go fast and don’t slow down,” she whispered.She didn’t have to ask twice.I started to move in and out, my hands on her sides. It was a steady pace, one that resulted in more moans from my wife. That noise only motivated me to go faster. As I did, her moans grew, and the bed started to shake. My hands moved to her shoulders as I pushed and pulled. Faster and faster I went. The sounds got louder, and I could tell we were getting close.Finally, I heard my wife cry out at the height of her pleasure. That was too much for me as I followed, groaning as I flowed into her.We stayed that way for a time until I slid out of her. I kissed her on the shoulders and gently rolled her onto her back. Sliding in beside her, I gathered her in my arms. As silence returned to the room, we cuddled, spent but satisfied.Leave it to me to ask THE question.“Do you think they heard us?”My wife laughed as she wrapped her leg around me and burrowed herself deeper into my chest.“I sure hope so. I don’t want them to think they were the only ones having fun.”