It is our first family camping trip in years; my wife, our two kids, and me, Jack. My wife and I are both in our mid-thirties, and have been married for more than ten years now. But we haven’t been camping since the kids were born. Now, finally, we’re off on an adventure!We pack the car to the brim with tents, mattresses, cooking gear, drinking water, clothing, and hiking gear. And also enough food to feed a small army. Two young kids definitely eat as much as a small army! Four hours later we pull up at our camping site, at a small, commercially run place in the Smoky Mountains. I wanted to go to a real campsite, one without facilities or running water. But my wife wanted the showers and ablution block that come with a proper camping ground. Maybe next time I’ll get us somewhere more remote.We set up our tents, one for us and one for the kids a couple of meters away. It is just as difficult as you’d imagine, trying to erect tents with the kids’ “help”. Once we were done, we pack with food and water for a short hike, nothing too difficult with the kids, but just enough to work on our appetites and stretch our legs after being in the car so long.As we begin walking, the kids run off ahead of us and scamper back again to make sure they haven’t lost us, I watch my wife. Her form striding confidently in front of me, her shoulders carrying the weight of her pack effortlessly. My gaze drifts down, inevitably, to the shape of her bottom and legs, the muscles moving under the skin like those of a tigress. I’m so lucky she found me all those years ago.She is beautiful, my mate.As the kids run off again, I reach for her hand as we walk; we always used to walk hand-in-hand before we had our children, but afterwards it was always their hands being held, rather than us together. Still, the children are growing up now, not little babies any more. Their increased independence has resulted in a resurgence of our romantic and sexual activities.With the kids out of sight, I pull Katherine in to my arms, and we kiss passionately. I’ve always loved kissing her, the uncontrollable, growing excitement causing an uncomfortable bulge in my jeans. We’ve been together for almost two decades now. And still, just a kiss is all it takes to put me into a state. As we kiss she reaches down, and squeezes my bottom in her hands. Sadly, we are interrupted by the return of the children, so off we walk again, my discomfort slowly receding.It’s a very pleasant hike, the warm spring weather, wildflowers blooming in the bush, the smell of wattle surrounding us, the laughter of the children around the bend. If only days like this could last forever!After an hour of walking, we stop for our picnic on a large granite outcrop overlooking the valley below. Sitting there in the sun, with the fresh air, with the beautiful view, my beautiful wife and kids. What I lucky man I am.The walk back to the camp is less fun, the kids are complaining of being tired, and starting to whine. At least the path back is a shorter route, only a twenty minute walk back to the tents. The pleasurable mood of earlier has well and truly evaporated. There’s nothing like crying children to bring everyone down.The next task is getting everything ready for night. We need to gather firewood kindling and tinder for the campfire. The air mattresses needs inflating, two single beds for the kids, and a double for us. Then unpacking sleeping bags, preparing dinner, and off to the showers before the rush of people to the ablution block.After we are all clean, we light the fire as the sun sets. We fry sausages on a hot plate over the campfire, and serve them with fried onions, toasted buns and tomato sauce. Not the most imaginative haute cuisine, but it fits the bill when camping.Then it’s off to an early night for the kids. Ordinarily we wouldn’t send them to bed this early. But it’s dark, there’s nothing to do, and the walk exhausted them. And, of course, they’re going to be up at sunrise, the crack of dawn. Which means an early night for us, too. We’ve got to get up with the kids in the morning, as we can’t leave them unattended in a strange place, with possible dangers like wildlife, dogs, snakes, other campers, and who knows what other risks.We get in our sleeping bags, on our comfortable air mattress, but it’s really far too early for us to be sleeping; it isn’t even 8pm yet! At home, we’re not usually in bed until 11.But, we are alone at last, separated from the world by the gossamer thin walls of our tent. The sounds of the other campers pass straight through, as would any noise made inside the tent. As I contemplate the sounds of the camping ground, I hear the quiet unzipping of my wife’s sleeping bag, and feel the mattress shift and move as she crawls over to me. No words are said, but who needs them? Her intent is quite clear as she fumbles around in the dark to find me, and brings her lips to mine. We kiss, as she unzips my sleeping bag. I reach up her to face, and caress her, while burying the fingers of my other hand in her hair, and push my tongue deep into her mouth. She hums sucking me.She leans down, and whispers in my ear “Hey, there are so many people around us, we’re going to have to be quiet, but knowing that there are other people so close makes it hot!” And then, not so gently, she bites my ear.I reach up, caressing her beautiful body, and gently raise her shirt up over her head. As she raises her arms for me to slip her shirt over, I stop, leaving her tangled in it, and instead pull her into me and begin to lick, suck and bite gently on her breasts while firmly lifting them up in my hands.I finish removing her shirt, and then she removes mine. Rolling her onto her back, I begin kissing down her body, starting at her forehead, making my way down the bridge of her nose, past her lips and chin, down the curve of her neck. I pause briefly on my way down her chest to pay special attention to her breasts, kissing and sucking gently on each nipple, before continuing down past her navel. I can hear her starting to breathe heavily, as she squirms in anticipating, wanting my attention.I’m hardly immune to the rising heat of our passion. My cock is now standing to attention and throbbing gently as pre-cum begins to seep and drip from the end. I tug at her panties, and as she raises her hips, slide them down her legs, kissing as I go. When she raises her feet, I slip the panties from her legs, taking advantage of her position to kiss back up the underside of her legs.She knows what to expect. But that’s never stopped the smothered gasp from exiting her lips as I finally, excruciatingly, delicately kiss her pussy. She spreads her legs over my head tugging me with her heels. My tongue slides over her vulva, already wet from her own excitement, and she moans. I repeat the movement, rhythmically licking from her opening to her clitoris. There, I gently nibble and stroke it with my tongue before repeating. She’s desperately struggling to remain quiet. But her “clues” tell otherwise. Her twitches and body spasms. The sleeping bag clenched in her fists. Her ragged breathing between held breaths and gasps. All she really wants is to let loose her voice, and scream her desire and satisfaction to the wind.In no mood to be helpful. I slide the tip of a finger to her vagina, not entering, not stroking, just leaving it there, teasingly. She begins to rock her hips against me, using her movements to stroke herself against my unmoving finger. She arches her back suddenly, and gasps silently, and writhes under my ministrations, her orgasm is building to a crescendo. I stop licking her, stop everything, as she quivers underneath me, the pause an agony of unfulfilled desire.Suddenly, without warning, I begin again, more forcefully, licking her clitoris as I slide my finder deep into her. It’s enough to send her over the edge. She reaches down and buried her fingers in my hair, pushing my face hard into her. I can feel the walls of her vagina ballooning outwards, mirroring her lungs gasping for breath. Then suddenly, she collapsed again as her muscles contract in a wave of ecstasy.I reduce the pressure of my attentions on her clit, and begin massaging the inner wall of her vagina. The ridges, now prominent under my fingertip guide me to her g-spot. We move back and  forth her vagina hungrily taking my finger. I gently massage her perineum and she gently sighs pushing against it. She sighs,”ugh yes” soft pushing my digit in her ass. I can feel her climaxing again. As she peaks, I suck on her clit again, resulting in her hips arching to the roof of the tent. A low, guttural growl emanates from her lips, and her pussy pulsates around my finger.As the wave passes, she collapses back into the bed, gasping for air momentarily. Then she forcibly pulls me up by my hair up to kiss her. Her juices still covering my face, dripping from my chin, as she hungrily pushes her tongue deep into my mouth. It’s something I love, and my cock twitches. I let out a low moan, she explores my mouth with her tongue. Then she bites my lower lip like she wants to eat it.“I need you in me!” she hisses, as she rolls me over and straddles me.She leans down and kisses me. Then reaching back with one hand, she guides my cock to her sopping wet vagina. I love how wet she gets. I love how it feels both when I go down on her, and when we’re having sex. But mostly, I love that it is the physical embodiment of her desire. I’ve never worried about her faking orgasms for me. Between how wet she gets, and the feeling of her involuntary muscles contacting, I’ve plenty of evidence that they’re real!She brings the tip of my cock to her lips. Then slowly, so slowly, lowers herself, burying my cock deep inside her. We both moan quietly. Nothing on Earth could have keep us from making that noise, we were lost in our desires. She lifts herself up, and begins a rhythmic bouncing, and I begin thrusting my hips underneath her. She begins to climax again. Given my state of arousal, it doesn’t take long before I too am climaxing. My cock twitched inside her, filling her with cum.Spent, she collapses on top of me, my softening cock still inside her. After a minute or so of recovery, as thoughts began to turn to cleaning up, she suddenly turns to me.“We didn’t bring any tissues! And I can’t walk through the camping ground naked to clean up in the bathroom!”.Then her confounded expression turned to something more mischievous as she continued.“You did say you had fantasized about going down on my after cumming in me. Well, now I don’t think you have a choice!”It’s true, it was a fantasy we’d talked about. But always, when push came to shove, after climax, the desire would rapidly vanish. We’d spoken about this, too. We knew she would need to be more forceful if it were actually going to happen.The same thought obviously occurred to her. She roughly grabs my hands, and pins them down above my head. Slowly, she withdrew herself from my now flaccid cock. She moves herself forward, over my body, bringing her pussy closer to my face. As she moves, the mixture of our combined cum drips out of her, leaving a trail up my body.I’m still not sure about this, but she wasn’t giving me any room to dwell on it. She brings my arms down out of the way, and climbs up to straddle my face. Her pussy is just centimeters from my face. As she lowers herself closer to me, great globs of cum fall out of her onto my face and lips. Not seeing an alternative, I open my mouth as she brings her messy pussy into contact.“This was always your fantasy, I hope you’re enjoying it!”Once I start licking the cum from her, my reluctance dissipates. I become more enthusiastic, and diligent in my cleaning duties. The unexpected, post-coital attention reawakens her desire as well. She buries her fingers back in my hair, and pulls my head harder into her. Before long, she is gyrating and grinding on my face, while I stick my tongue deep into her. She orgasms twice more before I’m done, gasping and groaning. Finally, she is exhausted from the muscular contractions tearing through her body.She carefully rolls off the top of me, and kisses me deeply. Our combined cum still covering my lips.“That was so hot! We NEED to do this again!”And with that, she gets dressed and climbs into her sleeping bag, leaving me lying there. It’s now me that is in need of cleaning up, but that could wait till morning. I pull my shirt on over the cum trail on my chest and stomach. Next, pulling my pants on, I climb into my sleeping bag.“Thank you for making me do that, I love you so much.” But she is already asleep, exhausted from the long day, and night! And here I am, lying in my own sleeping bag, covered in my cum and hers. My cock swelling again as I think back over what has just happened. Yes, we do need to do this again.I see the wet wipes in corner of bed and smile. It’s delightful to drift off to sleep in the cool mountain air with my smoking wife.