It was such an odd situation to be in, both of them thought. She was double his age, yet she was the one lying naked on his lap, being spanked.“Psssshhh!  Psssshhhh!  Psssshhh!”The paddle rained down blows somewhat loudly, but the spanks were in fact gentle, the sound simply exaggerated by the paddle effect. It didn’t hurt much. The 48-year-old wife was lightly grasping the sofa cushions, more out of excitement than discomfort, as her 24-year-old husband kept smacking her buttocks repeatedly, turning them light pink.The husband offered soothing words of praise and encouragement throughout as the echo of the blows reverberated off the walls of the room. The paddle was good for this; making the spanking sound loud but in fact creating only a mild sting and a spreading warmth. “You’re doing very well. Good job. Just a few more and it will be over,” he cooed, giving her “verbal massages,” as he put it. It only enthralled her further, adding to her embarrassment and pleasure.Finally, he stopped after a few dozen blows, pausing so that both of them could catch their breaths. He rubbed his hand over her hot bottom, enjoying the inflamed heat from the light-pink butt cheeks. Having been through this countless times before, she wasn’t in pain at all. Both wife and husband were panting heavily.It was such an unusual marriage, she thought, and the wedding had been only a few months ago. She had been drawn to his maturity and confidence, marveling that, at age 24, he was a lot more of a leader and guidance figure in her life than the 44 or 54-year old men around her. He too was drawn to her playfulness, finding her to be sexier and more vibrant and sensual than women in their 20-somethings that he knew. Their souls were the same age, even if their bodies weren’t.Her reverie was ended by the sensation of her husband using his fingers to gently spread apart her vulva. The woman smiled, knowing what would come next. He was going to inspect her. Sadly, she was past the age for natural lubrication, so he reached for the bottle of lubricant next to him and popped the cap open. Slowly, he inserted a moist, lubricated finger into her vagina.“Ahhhh… ahhhhh…” she exhaled, enjoying it. The finger slowly snaked deeper into her love tunnel until it reached the G-spot, then slowly stroked it, causing her to gasp and breathe rapidly and shallowly.“ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah….”He began masturbating her G-spot with the same rhythm that he had used while spanking her, drawing her closer and closer until she writhed and came with a powerfully explosive orgasm that sent a jet of her ejaculate shooting out all over his hands, body, and the sofa.“Good girl,” he cooed. He withdrew his fingers and slowly savored the musky, pungent odor of her vagina. Till next week, they both thought.