(L) – This story contains strong language.Ever since Mark began calling me his “masturbation slut,” my sexual side has been unleashed. He requested that I sometimes wear short skirts without any underwear or a bra to our store, and I agreed. Mark knows my love for exhibitionism and how it heightens my arousal. That is another story for another time.During one of our conversations, I confessed to him that I enjoy bending over to show strangers my nipples or crouching down to give them a peek at my pantiless state. It’s thrilling to see their reactions and feel the power that comes with embracing my sexuality in such a bold way. But despite my adventurous nature, my heart and body belong solely to Mark.The memory of yesterday still lingered in my mind, the feeling of being incredibly turned on and dripping with desire. Mark had ravished me the night before, and again in the morning before we both had to head off to work. The lingering scent of our lovemaking still clung to my skin as I sat down at my desk, trying to focus on my tasks for the day. But my body was buzzing with anticipation and arousal, my nipples hard and begging for attention.As the morning wore on, I found myself unable to resist the urge any longer. Sneaking off to a quiet dressing room in the back of the store, I gave into my desires and brought myself to climax. But just as I was coming down from the intense pleasure, I heard the door swing open.My heart racing, I quickly tried to compose myself, but it was useless. My husband stood there, wearing that familiar look of wanting and hunger in his eyes. And when he walked up to me, I knew exactly what was about to happen.Without a word, he reached out and brushed his hand against my bare skin, finding me wet and pantiless. His fingers slipped easily into my slick entrance, causing me to gasp and moan with pleasure.“Did you take care of yourself this morning?” he asked, already knowing the answer.“Yes,” I managed to say between breaths.With a smirk, he continued to stoke me with his fingers, bringing me closer and closer to another orgasm. And as he claimed me right there in the dressing room of our store.A mischievous smirk danced across his lips as he continued to tease me with his skilled fingers, bringing me closer and closer to the edge of another intense climax. The small dressing room of our store was filled with the sounds of our heavy breathing and the subtle rustling of clothing. My back arched against the cold wall, my body completely surrendered to his touch.But just as I was on the brink of release, the store bell chimed, signaling the arrival of a customer. Mark pulled his fingers out of me, leaving me aching and unsatisfied. I quickly composed myself, trying to hide the wetness between my legs and the flush on my cheeks.As I emerged from the back room, I couldn’t shake off the feeling of being exposed and vulnerable. My breasts were still tingling with arousal and I could feel my pussy throbbing with need. In that moment, I felt like an exhibitionist at the highest level – even though I was covered, my sexual desires were laid bare for anyone to see. Did the customer see me as a wife, a woman, a creature full of longing? Only they knew, but one thing was for sure – in that moment, I was uninhibited and unapologetically myself.The customer was a woman in her late 30s, her sharp eyes scrutinizing me as she walked towards me. A suggestive smile tugged at the corner of her lips, and I couldn’t help but feel a twinge of unease.“Can I assist you?” I asked with forced cheerfulness, trying not to let her intense gaze unsettle me.“I need a dress for a wedding this weekend,” she replied, her voice laced with subtle hints of seduction. “I want something that will impress my husband and make all the other women envious.”As she spoke, images flashed through my mind – images of my own husband waiting eagerly in the dressing room, ready to ravish me for the third time in 12 hours. I couldn’t help but wonder if this woman wanted the same kind of passion and desire from her husband. Did she want him to devour her as soon as they were alone? My body flushed with arousal, and I struggled to maintain my professional demeanor.“Well then, let’s find you a dress that will make your husband unable to resist you,” I responded with a sly smile, knowing exactly what kind of dress would catch his attention.Suddenly, Mark burst into the room with a sense of urgency. My heart raced as I braced myself for what was to come next.“Hey Honey, I have to get back to work,” he said, slipping me a note that sent shivers down my spine.In that moment, I realized I was not just getting fucked in the dressing room. I was being consumed by a fiery passion that burned hotter than anything I had ever experienced before.But I couldn’t let myself get lost in the ecstasy. The woman who had come in looking for a dress deserved my full attention. Yet every dress she tried on seemed to scream “fuck me” as if it were speaking directly to my own desires.As I crouched down to adjust her gown, I couldn’t help but notice her gaze linger on my bare thighs, exposed in my lack of panties. And then she spoke words that sent a thrill through me.“It must be nice to have your husband visit you at your store,” she said with a knowing smile.She knew exactly what we had been doing in the back dressing room before she entered. But even that didn’t dampen the intensity between us. In fact, it only added fuel to the fire.With a boldness fueled by the lust coursing through my veins, I confided in this new friend.“The truth is, we were playing in that back dressing room, fully aware that at any moment the bell could interrupt us,” I confessed.Her smile widened and her eyes sparkled with admiration. “It must be nice to have that kind of excitement,” she said wistfully.I couldn’t help but agree. Despite being married for over two decades, I was still madly in love with my husband and our adventurous escapades.The woman carefully selected a slinky, form-fitting dress that hugged every curve of her body. As she left the store, she turned to thank me for helping her find the perfect outfit and for my intimate confession about my husband and I using the dressing room for some steamy fun.Once she was gone, the store became bustling with customers for several hours. As closing time neared, the last of the shoppers trickled out and the store grew quiet once again. I couldn’t help but glance at the note he had slipped into my hand earlier. It read, “Don’t touch yourself until closing time. Lock the door, have a snack, take a pee and then go back to that secluded dressing room. Start touching yourself, spreading your pussy juices over your tits and cheeks. But don’t climax just yet. I’ll be there after the doors are locked.”My initial shock at my husband’s perverse request quickly gave way to a surge of primal desire. I realized that I was just as depraved as he was, and the thought ignited a wildfire within me.Without hesitation, I followed his command and made my way into the back dressing room. As I touched my body, painting my skin with a mixture of arousal, sweat, and pee, I felt a building urge to orgasm. My fingers worked feverishly over my wet pussy, tracing patterns of pleasure onto my flesh.Suddenly, the door unlocked and then locked again. Mark stood before me, catching me in the act of pleasuring myself. “Can I cum for you?” I whispered, begging for release.But Mark denied me. Instead, he kissed and licked every inch of my painted body, tasting and savoring my drying arousal. My need for him grew more intense by the second, and all I wanted was for him to fuck me senseless.He unzipped his pants and revealed his rock hard member, ready to plunge into my waiting wetness. Without restraint, I lost control and came undone right then and there. But Mark wasn’t done with me yet.“Cum baby,” he commanded as he increased the intensity of his caresses. My climax consumed me once again as he took me from behind, pounding into me with forceful thrusts. His hand landed on my ass with a stinging slap, driving me even closer to the edge.In a frenzy of passion and lust, we both reached our peak together as he filled me completely. Our bodies shook with ecstasy as we rode out our climaxes, leaving us breathless and spent in each other’s arms.