This story is the first of three related companion stories (“A Husband’s Ticklish Discovery,” “A Wife’s Ticklishness Explored,”and “Another Ticklish Area Discovered‘)Read in order, all three illustrate how we came to realize I have an affinity for sensual tickling during our foreplay and lovemaking (me much more so than my wife.)  It took awhile to  collect and organize all the memories, as they happened earlier in our marriage and over a few months to years.  The introductions are the same between the three stories, just in case someone reads them “out of order.” Anyway, they were enjoyable to remember, to recount, and of course, to experience as a married couple.IntroductionMy wife and I have been married for 40-some years.  Sometime early in our marriage, we discovered that I am very sensitive to my wife’s light, feathery, tickling touch on ‘non-sexual’ areas of my body like my back or sides.  Her special light touch creates a tingling sensation that increases my libido and increases the sensitivity of my “normal” erogenous zones.  I find that touch to be VERY arousing.  Now, my wife does not respond the same way to light touches on non-erogenous areas, but once aroused, she does enjoy light, tickling touches on her private parts.Brief episodes of harder tickling (grabbing, poking and prodding) on my ribs, legs and sides serve to increase my libido as well. An especially reactive spot for me are the creases on the back of each thigh, just below my butt cheeks. My wife discovered this area one night while we were making love in the missionary position.  As we were going at it, she dug her fingers into my butt creases to pull me closer.  That sent an intense, arousing tickling sensation right to my loins, and the effect on my erection was incredible! Our sexual satisfaction was very much increased that night, and since that discovery, my wife uses that special knowledge to regularly add spice to our already incredible orgasms.Janet’s butt creases are also extremely sensitive to firm grabbing and prodding but in a rather negative way.  Early in our marriage, I playfully “goosed” my wife’s buttocks, thinking it would lead to sexual arousal. (I didn’t do it very hard.)  Her reaction to this unexpected tickle play was quite extreme and involved angry protests, kicking, and when I didn’t stop, hitting at my arms and hands to make me cease!  I honestly didn’t realize that, to her, hard tickling in her most vulnerable spot was so intense that it really was true torture to her!  I apologized, and we made up, then established some boundaries on that particular activity so I didn’t repeat my mistake.The three stories of this trilogy serve to recount our journey of discovery of our (mostly my) affinity for loving, sensual tickling and how we incorporated it into our lovemaking.A  Husband’s Ticklish DiscoveryOn that special evening, we had settled into bed, and I offered a massage.  Janet turned over onto her stomach, and I began working on her muscles, starting with her lower back.  I had to push her shirt up as I progressed higher to her shoulders.  Then, continuing down her lower back and to the top of her hips, I shoved her sleeping shorts down and out of the way as well.  I massaged her lower back and hips thoroughly, fully appreciating the feel of her soft flesh in my steady, kneading hands.My wife murmured, “Mmm, that really feels good…”After a bit, I stated, “Okay, these are in the way…” I peeled her shorts off so I could have full access to her luscious bottom.  Massaging all the way down to her ankles, I mentioned how I loved feeling her muscular calves.  I worked upwards, both hands together on one leg, and as I massaged northward, my thumbs pressed into the back of her thigh.Janet squirmed just a little, and I heard a little “Mmff!” sound from her lips.  It was obvious the pressure from my digits had caused a tickling sensation, and she had suppressed either a laugh or some other sound.  It seemed enjoyable to her, because she didn’t react strongly to stop my action.  A couple of times in our marriage, I’ve gone “too far” and probed “too hard” into  Janet’s insanely sensitive butt creases. It never goes well, as my wife finds that particular action to be absolutely INTOLERABLE!  It’s truly physically and mentally torturous for her, and she will involuntarily kick and hit to stop the sensation (and all thoughts of lovemaking end!)  I  knew I had to be careful, as my wife doesn’t always experience the same sensual thrill from tickling that I enjoy.“Sorry…” I said, hoping I hadn’t created an annoying sensation.“That’s okay…That spot makes me a little jumpy…” My wife murmured, settling down quickly.Confident that I had found her sweet spot (just enough tickling sensation to be at least somewhat arousing to her), I switched to the other leg and repeated the same motions.  Her squirm was much less pronounced (A VERY good sign.)  Also, it seemed to my hopeful,  husbandly intuition that she had anticipated the little jolt of increased excitement I caused and had tried her best to hold still.“Ticklish?” I teased, my ardor increasing with her seeming enjoyment of the unexpected intensity arising from my actions on the back of her legs.“Yeah, maybe…” she answered.Satisfied that I had caused SOME degree of sensual arousal, I didn’t want to take any wild chances.  The best thing would be to avoid further exploring of her thighs, as the temptation would possibly prove too much for me to resist.  So I proceeded to the soft flesh of her rump.My hands worked diligently on her butt cheeks, and I occasionally gave her soft, gentle pinches on the tender folds just above the backs of her thighs.  Janet does enjoy a light touch all over her backside, so I alternated between that and firmer caresses.  I became lost in the pleasures of her flesh as my hands just couldn’t stop playing and kneading her rear and hips.“Are you having fun?” Janet finally asked, not annoyed but knowing full well that I was becoming hypnotized by her banquet of bottom flesh spread out before me.“Yeah…” I murmured, my voice low with excitement.  I shifted forward and ran my hands northward to her lower back.   “I’ve got to get out of here, or I’ll never finish your back rub.” I resumed my steady massage, working along her back and up to her shoulders once more.Her shirt was pushed up pretty far and appeared to be a disheveled annoyance.  Just as I was about to mention that fact, Janet stated, “Okay, I’m feeling all tangled up!”  That feeling is very annoying to her.“How about I just slip this off?” I offered.My wife raised her torso just enough on her outstretched arms that I could remove the top, lifting first one hand off the bed, then the other to assist the full removal.  Somehow that annoying shirt got caught on each torpedo of flesh as it slid off, swiping across each nipple as it made its escape.  Of course, I enjoyed a couple of nice glances at her large chest as her upper body went up and down before settling back onto the mattress.The repositioning left me with a nice view of the sides of those heavenly mammaries squashed out from under her torso.  I resumed massaging her upper back and shoulders, and as I worked from her spine outward, I could easily brush my fingertips against the pale, soft skin of her exposed breast flesh.Occasionally, Janet twisted just a bit, obviously trying to get more comfortable.  “That’s why big boobs are a problem!” my wife stated.I just kept nicely working my hands over her muscles while my erection continued to grow.  I am sure she felt my rising flagpole signaling for attention.  “Well,” I murmured, “you could always turn over and relieve the pressure…”“What about my massage?” my wife teased, in her best “innocent girl” voice.  I love it when she acts like she hasn’t a clue as to my intentions though she knows exactly the temperature of my increasing desire!  It’s just one of the married-couple games we play.“Oh, don’t worry,” I smiled. “I’ll keep going… I’ll even use some coconut oil because I know you love it so much!”  I figured that offer would do the trick, and I wasn’t wrong.Janet’s eyes gleamed with anticipation, and she answered, “I can go for that!”I retrieved the small jar of oil from our nightstand as she slowly rolled over and relaxed on the bed.  Her body was uncovered except for one leg partially hiding under the pulled-back covers.Taking some oil in my hands, I began at her belly, working slowly in circles around her navel. Gradually, I widened my territory until I was out to the sides of her torso, to the edge of her pubic triangle, and almost to her full breasts.  I made sure to move slowly and avoided touching her nipples; I wanted her anticipation to build.  My hands got into a familiar rhythm of pressing and kneading the flesh and muscles of her torso.I skimmed one fingertip around her belly button and then downward, tracing over her groin.  I leaned over and kissed her belly as my fingers caressed the grooves separating the groin from the tops of her thighs.  After a brief probing of her deep navel with my tongue,  I traced my lips over the same path, working downward.  My mouth nuzzled each of those sensitive folds of her groin, and my fingers explored the soft flesh of her inner thighs.I added just enough oil to keep the sensations erotic and slippery, just the way Janet likes it.  As I kissed the pale skin of her inner thighs and nuzzled the grooves on each side where her vulva met her thighs, I could tell my wife’s breathing was picking up. We were on the right track for our mutual satisfaction.After taking a little more oil, I placed my entire hand over her vulva, palm nearest her waist and fingers curved around her outer labia.  I gently massaged her private triangle, making sure my fingertips worked through her light pubic hair to thoroughly caress all of her flesh.While my hands worked, so did Janet’s;  she began applying oil to my throbbing penis.  She also reached up to tease my tiny nipples as she enjoyed my attention.As I moved my hand back toward her waist, my index, ring and little finger slid over her outer labia, and my middle finger traveled through the crevice between her well-oiled inner lips. My middle fingertip arrived at the northern V of her slit, and I barely brushed once on her very sensitive clitoris.  Janet’s gasp of delight told me I had to be careful, so I circled her swollen nubbin before heading farther along her body.  My hands tracked upward along her torso until they arrived like homing pigeons to the objects of my desire, her large beautiful breasts sitting on her chest.If my wife was standing upright, those globes would appear to be round cantaloupes supported in her bra.  Her nipples would be evident on the downside of her curves, at about 5 o’clock if you looked at Janet’s profile.  Now, flat on her back with her head on a pillow, those globes were flattened and spread out as much as gravity could do, and her pinkish tips were already long and erect decorations beckoning for my attention.  And I knew how to make them even longer and harder!  My hands, still oily, slid up against the underside of each mound and cupped them.“Oooh, myyy….” I murmured, almost dizzy with arousal.  “I’ve been dying to get hold of these!”It may sound like my comments were disregarding my wife as a person, but nothing could be farther from the truth!  The expression on my face, the look in my eyes, and the tone of my voice all showed my great passion and utmost respect for my loving wife!  I know how blessed I am when Janet allows me the pleasure and enjoyment of her physical beauty.  That giving of herself to me and my deep satisfaction and appreciation of her body is simply an outward, obvious expression of my extreme passion for her as a complete woman—my wife, my lover, my friend.  So when I announce, with Janet’s breasts in my hands, that “I’ve been dying to get hold of these,” it is not to depersonalize her identity.  In those moments, at the height of passion, I want there to be no doubt about the level of arousal HER God-given body is creating in me!I took each gift in a hand and gently squeezed and kneaded the flesh, increased to firmer pressure rapidly, and lifted those sweet sensual breasts.  I leaned over and began kissing and nuzzling the pale globes, absolutely falling into full worship mode!  Then I dipped my fingers into the oil, straddled my wife’s body, and resumed my ravenous assault of her chest.  My hands worked separately, holding onto one oiled breast each until it slipped through my fingers.  Then I went after one orb at a time.  I would encircle a breast in both hands and knead and squeeze in firm delight. The pressure would cause the flesh above my hands to swell and its tip to rise up at attention.  Then I could use one or both thumbs to flick or tweak each nipple slowly.Janet kept playing with my body and chest as well, and soon we were both sighing and moaning in pleasure. Then,  I took her right breast in both hands and held it firmly once more, leaning close to the pink tip.  Using both hands, I playfully waggled the captured globe north to south in front of my eyes, first pointing it toward Janet’s face, then back toward mine.  I extended my tongue so that with each movement toward me, the nipple dabbed at my stationary tongue. My improvised little game was quite delightful to both of us!  I relished each taste of her and repeated the teasing motion several times.Janet exhaled a low, growling hiss of “Yoooouuu….” She watched in excited admiration as I playfully steered her engorged nipple back and forth across my waiting tongue.  Her eyes were gleaming, half-closed in arousal.With my own low sound of “Haaaaa”, I exhaled my warm breath over the wet, erect nubbin, causing a little gasp and squirm from my wife.  Then I  engulfed the entire end of her breast with my hungry mouth and sucked gently, murmuring “Mmm… yeeaah…” with great satisfaction.She moaned lightly, and I swirled my tongue all around, patiently working the rigid tip to perfection.  My wife moaned a little louder.  I broke contact for a few seconds but quickly resumed pleasuring her erect nipple with kisses and little licks from my talented tongue.“I’m sorry,” I half-heartedly offered, “I don’t know if I can stop!”Janet groaned delightfully at that statement, then answered. “You don’t have to stop! You need to play with the left one!”Oh, boy!  I was in husbandly heaven from that offer!  Her left side is even more sensitive. “Mmmm,” I murmured. “I haven’t forgotten… I was saving this one for last…”I turned my attention to her slightly larger left breast.  Taking hold of the globe, I squeezed it like a balloon so the excess flesh above my hands billowed up and stretched the smooth pale skin.  I studied her very erect nipple and the surrounding area.My wife’s areolae are only very slightly darker in tone than the rest of her breasts, but that skin becomes very turgid and wrinkled when she becomes aroused.  And boy, was she aroused!  I could see definite ridges made by the excited flesh, and I was inspired to investigate further.  Keeping one hand holding her breast taut, I used a fingertip to very lightly caress those ridges, circling all around the pink tip, and murmured in desire and satisfaction.Janet could tell I was once again mesmerized by her sensual, responsive body.  “Are you having fun?”  She gurgled in delight.“Uh-huh…” I answered, trading the tip of my tongue for my finger and circling her nipple, tasting and teasing those wonderful ridges.  This time, I wasn’t going to leave this spot!  More sounds of contentment issued forth from my wife while I kept my tongue working and used my fingertip and thumb to take hold of the stiffened tip and apply just a little pressure.  I heard a sharp little intake of breath, and I gently, ever so gently, pulled upwards on the nipple.  As her sounds became a little louder, I used the tip of my tongue to taste all around the base of the now extended tip.  I felt Janet shift and squirm under me, and another groan as I pulled and pinched just a little bit harder,  really stretching the nipple with my finger and thumb.  The sounds of my wife melting were soooo satisfying.“Now who’s having fun?” I smiled with great satisfaction at the results of my creative teasing.“I am!” my wife gurgled, now fully under my sensual spell.I licked and kissed near the tip between my fingers while giving it a little rolling motion.  More delicious melting from my spouse.“Gaa… Oh, yeah… My nipple LOVES you!” Janet groaned in pleasure.After one more gentle tweak, I let the tip go, but before my wife could have any respite, I began slowly licking her nipple.  Even though I knew the answer, I had to ask the question.  “May I use my mouth?”She was beside herself now, really worked up from my long session.  “Pleeeaaase!” Janet hissed, then moaned as I covered her nipple with my open mouth and began gently sucking on that tip.  I mean, just the tip!  I had only her long, erect nipple captured in the wet tunnel made by my lips while I varied my suction to pull it further in, then let it slide almost out (but not quite all the way.) It was deliciously effective and arousing to her, so I repeated that action a few times.  Then, just to keep her from getting bored,  I would curl my lips over my teeth and add a little more pressure on the tip as I teased it in and out.The little symphony of pleasurable sounds coming from Janet’s lips was as unique as my playing on just her engorged left nipple.  I kept going in a slow, steady fashion.  My wife tried to keep her hands moving on my chest and upper body, but she couldn’t match the intensity because she was so thoroughly enjoying my own motions.Then she asked,  “What can I do for you?” It was obvious that she was interested in keeping our fun moving forward and bringing my excitement level up to match hers.“Mmm…” I thought for a couple of seconds.  “How about kissing MY chest?”Janet growled, “Move up here.”  Once my wife becomes extremely aroused while on her back, she really prefers to be “lazy” (in her words) and stay in that position (and not disrupt the rhythm of our lovemaking.)I was glad to oblige because when my wife requests to stay on the bottom, she is very willing to reward me for allowing her to have things her way.  I slid up and leaned so that my chest was over her face, allowing easy access to my chest.  Janet immediately began going after my erect nipples with her mouth and tongue.  I just hovered there as she enthusiastically performed her promised “duties.”  After a bit, the strain on my arms to hold myself up was slightly distracting, and I really wanted to roll over and have her keep going.  I thought it was worth a try to ask.“Mmmm…” I murmured.  “I’d like to be on my back!”Janet’s mouth just kept working but with a little more fervor.  “Uh-uh,” she answered between breaths, “stay right here.” She kissed and sucked and swirled her tongue on my hard point.“Ohhh!?” I groaned, in a more pleading tone of voice, still hoping to get my way. “Please?”“UH-uh…” My wife murmured again, her firmer tone signaling her denial of my wishes.  “I wanna be lazy,” Janet said as she kept her tongue working.  “I can keep you happy just like this!”I grunted in only partial disappointment because I knew she would keep her promise.  Janet kept going with her mouth working on my sensitive nubs while her hands played with the rest of my chest and over my torso.   She even reached down to give my erect organ some attention as well.  After her added rewards for my perseverance caused me to start moaning and with my arousal increasing, I wanted to resume playing on her chest and keep her fires burning.Then, I had a creative idea.  I asked Janet to pause while I changed position.  I turned my body so I was sideways over her torso, my head pointing toward her left.  I was essentially straddling her right arm with the left side of my chest hovering over her face. My hands and knees provided my support.“Mmm,” My wife responded, her eyes gleaming at the change.  She realized that in this new sideways position, I could play with both sides of her chest easily while still enjoying her mouth on mine!  She immediately resumed her attention to my body, but before long I couldn’t help adding a little more fun.  I shifted my upper body so she lost the privilege of having my nipples simply fed to her while her head stayed still.After the small change in position, my nubs were still close to her face but not near her mouth.  Now to reach the nipples, she had to turn her head to one side or the other. I smiled inwardly, contented with my husbandly victory, as I love to see her neck stretched out, her mouth open and her tongue extended while reaching out to get what she wants.Without skipping a beat, Janet just kept at the task, performing admirably while I played away on both of her ample mounds.  I kept moving my torso juuuust enough to keep my nubs at the perfect distance for her to have to work at the task of delivering my pleasure.  Soon she murmured, “No fair,” in playful protest.“You wanted to be on the bottom,” I reminded her in my deliberate teasing tone of voice.She accepted her fate and resumed going after my chest.  I watched her performing her “duties,” and just as she reached the prize, I gave a nice little pull on her erect left nipple.  My wife gasped, her concentration briefly disrupted by my well-timed tug. I kept a gentle little pressure on that distended tip as I watched her resume her oral activity.It quickly became a married couple’s fun little contest to see who would win the race to distraction!   The more she stretched her neck to provide me with oral pleasure, the more I tugged and tweaked and stretched her nipples.  Janet quickly became accustomed to my steady fingers on her chest and could keep going without too much hesitation.  That prompted me to try a little harder!I turned my body a little more so I could reach her chest with my mouth while she could continue going on mine.  I moaned in satisfaction as I held one breast at a time in my right hand while lashing at her nipples.  It wasn’t really a contest because we were BOTH going to win, but then my beautiful wife made a discovery that changed EVERYTHING!Janet decided to take advantage of my kneeling position and my dangling lower parts which were now totally accessible.  She reached up and used the tips of her fingers and thumb to begin lightly stroking the back of my ball sack!  Her light, tickling touch on that ultra-sensitive skin, already stretched out from the weight of my testes, was IMMENSELY  arousing!My wife had handled my package before, but always in a firmer way and never when I was in such a vulnerable position.  Once her fingers began caressing up and down the back and sides of my ball sack, I was finished!  Her exquisite touch was electrifying and created an indescribable mix of deep tingling and sensual tickling that seared through my loins and into the pleasure centers of my brain!  My hips involuntarily twitched forward, totally overstimulated, tilting my pelvis toward her as I groaned helplessly in delight. A low “Huuuuuuh!” escaped my lips!Janet’s mouth was still going over my nipple, her tongue expertly flicking and working the tip.  When I squirmed and groaned, she paused her tongue.“Ticklish?” was all she said.  Her breath exhaled over my sensitive nipple while her fingertips and thumb continued caressing my ball sack.  The sultry, seductive tone of that one word was a real resistance killer! It was 1/4 question, and 3/4 statement of knowledge—the knowledge that with one sensual word and exquisite touch, she was melting my poor body and brain.“Uh-HUUH!!” I gurgled, my eyes wide with excitement as I tried to hold up against her touch.My wife murmured contentedly from her discovery and then used one fingertip to give a light little scritchy-scratchy tease on my perineum.   Different jolts of sensual energy coursed through my system.  Janet gave a contented little “Hmm” of satisfaction when her “almost there”  lightest of touches made my pelvis twitch a little more.  My wife realized she had found a delicious new way to put me into instant-meltdown mode and continued her wonderful playing.  She kept teasing my genitals, perineum, rear, and the back of my thighs with one hand while adding licks and flicks to my left nipple and little touches and tweaks to my right erect tip.I moaned and panted in arousal.  Eventually, I began shifting slightly on my hands and knees, my stability wavering under her relentless actions.  I could occasionally touch one of her nipples, but I couldn’t concentrate long enough to distract her from her mission.  Soon, I was on the verge of collapsing onto her from the incessant pleasure she was providing.  I let my arms fold in surrender, so now my weight was on my elbows.  But I kept my bottom angled up in the air, silently begging for more pleasure from her expert fingers.As benevolent as my wife was, she was not going to continue satisfying my deepest desires without a couple more torturous questions!  “Are you okay?” Janet asked in that devastatingly innocent tone she uses when she is pretending to be totally unaware of my body’s responses to her wonderful teasing.My only option was to simply go along and try my best to form words.   “Huuuuh…” I moaned in sensual agony. “Yeea-huuuuuh!”I am sure my nearly incoherent answers were arousing to her and provided enough evidence of my loss of control and most of my sanity.  My “innocent” wife now owned me with her willingness to satisfy me with her enthusiasm and her hypnotic physical touch.Janet took hold of my throbbing erection and squeezed it with her left hand. Meanwhile, she alternated between cupping my balls and teasing everywhere else with the tireless fingertips of her right hand.  Knowing she had me under her sensual control, Janet asked one last rhetorical question that would serve as my full surrender.“Should I stop?” she teased, her fingers still caressing my constantly tingling ball sack.“AH! Noooo… Please! PLEASE!” I babbled, caught in that shameless zone of indescribably pleasurable torment!Janet mercifully kept teasing my helpless body and man parts until I could barely keep myself up on my knees, the intensity so high I craved it NOT to end!  I was now continually moaning from her touch.  The sexual electricity from her fingers was becoming almost too much, and my penis felt harder than ever.  My arousal was so high, I was worried I wouldn’t last much longer!  I had to get inside my wife before the inevitable explosion happened!“May I turn around?” I gasped for permission.My wife hesitated, and I frantically added another “Please!” from my lips.“You may….” Janet answered.  “Let’s see if it’s ready to go!”I turned to face her and straddled her torso.  Even though I was now upright, there was no doubt about who was in control.Janet eyed my erection with great satisfaction.  My organ was engorged beyond belief and craved her attention.  My mouth was half open, and my eyes pled with her.  Janet took some coconut oil in her hand and squeezed and caressed my throbbing organ.  “Oh, Yeeaah!” she said with enthusiasm.I groaned from her statement and her playing with my erection. Turning to extricate myself, I slid between her legs.  I am sure my wife expected me to plunge right in, but I needed a bit of time for my body to calm down, and wanted to rewarm her wonderful womanhood to increase her pleasure and make sure we were both at the same degree of excitement.  After all our great buildup, I didn’t want a premature ejaculation to spoil our ending.“I need to calm down a second,” I said, “and get you caught up!”  Taking a little more oil, I massaged her entire vulva once more, working the sensual substance all over and in the folds and inner lips.“Just don’t play too long,”  Janet said. “I want to enjoy feeling you inside me!” It’s true that sometimes I spend a little too much time playing, and then my poor wife can’t hold back HER orgasm, so my “inside” time is limited before she explodes.“Don’t worry,” I murmured. With that comment, I just barely started working her inner lips open with my fingertips.  I got into position on my knees and probed the edges of her warm, slippery folds with the tip of my erection, guiding it with my hand on my shaft.  From all her exquisite touching, I was still hard as a rock.Once Janet felt the head parting her private flesh, she became extremely excited for the rest of my rigid organ.  She looked at me with a feverish gleam in her eyes.  “Put that thing IN me…” she urged, “pleeaase!”Now that my brain and body had calmed down a little, her admission of her own arousal made me want to lovingly tease her in return.  I advanced just a little more.  I must say, it was fun being back on top!  “You don’t have to beg.”  Though I said it, we both knew that once I am in loving control, a little begging is always appreciated and sometimes required for me to fulfill her wishes!Over the years,  I have learned that I can manage the pace of play by how wide I keep my own thighs between hers.  More distance between my knees, my thighs pressing against hers, will keep me more shallow.  Closing the gap presses my thighs together and narrows my hips to allow me to plunge deep into her.  Unfortunately (or fortunately) for my wife, her previous, nearly merciless teasing and my current advantageous position brought out the “little devil” in me.  I kept my thighs apart to manage my depth as I moved forward—slooooowly—and stopped!I watched Janet’s face as I did so, and was rewarded by the most wonderfully frantic look on her face as she realized her predicament.  Now that SHE was aching for me to plunge right in, I was definitely not going to perform the task without some serious teasing of her already aroused mind and body!“Ooowwwoooooo….” It’s the only way to describe the delicious mewling sound that came from her lips.  “You’re holding back,” my wife half whined, half whimpered.“Mmm-hmm,” I murmured, my positive tone indicating fully how much I was enjoying being in charge of her satisfaction.Janet began writhing and squirming, moving her hips and pelvis upwards to try to get me in farther, using her body to beg for more of my hard organ!  I just kept advancing gradually, keeping her from fully impaling herself onto my erection.  Janet began playing with my chest and teasing my nipples, doing anything to get me to increase my depth.  Somehow, despite our mutual frenzy, I was able to maintain enough composure and stay in control of my own fervor.  At about 3/4 of the way in, I held there, relishing the sensation of almost filling her.  I swear I could feel the pulse in my organ beating inside her warm tight tunnel.“Ready?”  I teased, giving her a clue as to what was required for her total satisfaction.My wife was officially going crazy from our long foreplay and my ability to hold her body in this state of suspended anticipation.  “OhhHHH!” she groaned, then panted, “Come on!  Baby,  PLEASE! Come on! Come ON!”I narrowed my hips and let myself go deep into the very last bit of her, rewarded by her enthusiastic, groaning grunts of satisfaction.  “OOOH, GAAA…..Yeah!” Janet exclaimed while I began the wonderful pelvic rhythm that would ensure our mutual orgasms.As I thrust steadily with gentle firmness, I pressed my pubic bone against hers, creating pressure against the top of her slit.  My success in hitting the area around her clitoris became obvious by the sounds and movements she made to increase the sensation.  Now I was losing control, swallowed up in her (and our) waves of pleasure.I was getting closer to an eruption and I will admit, I wanted to feel every sensation that I knew she could provide. Her talented mouth beckoned and I desperately wanted to feel her kisses on my nipples as we went “over the edge!”  I leaned my torso toward her face in our long-standing, obvious signal of what I desired.My wife didn’t readily respond, holding my ultimate pleasure hostage with a knowing look and a motionless mouth.  My eyes were wide and my breathing raspy as I gasped and pleaded willingly for her favors!“Will you kiss my chest?  PLEASE!!!” I begged in desperation.Janet craned her neck up, enthusiastically attacking my nipples with her mouth, lips and tongue!My wife’s look of intensity and the physical strain in her neck as she performed the favors just added to my excitement as I kept thrusting and grinding against her. I felt her clutch my butt cheeks, making sure to pull me in tighter with each move forward.“OOH! GAAA!  OHH!” was my helpless, heated response.I was about to warn her of my impending orgasm when she dug her talented fingers into the creases between my butt cheeks and thighs.  The exhilarating and intense sensation of her sensual  “goosing” sent me over the precipice of bliss!  I moaned and groaned loudly and thrust into her like a wild man as she followed me into our physical bliss, only milliseconds behind.  Our loud voices of supreme satisfaction peaked and then subsided as we allowed the warm waves of pleasure to dissipate slowly.We lay together, and I murmured, “That was soooo good. I can’t believe what all you did to me.”“Hmmmm.”  My wife smiled.  “I had to return the favors for all you were doing to ME!”  After a brief pause,  she continued with a sly tone, “And who knew how sensitive you would be down there?”“Oh my,” I sighed.  “Your sexy tickling really did it for me!”“That was fun, finding your secret spot,”  Janet said.  “I think  you might be  a very kinky boy!”“Maybe so,” I mused. “But, I’m YOUR kinky boy!”We were both satisfied with that fact! We just basked in our afterglow,  enjoying the new things we’d discovered about our bodies.