(L) – This story contains strong language.My husband had told me this morning that he was feeling very horny lately, and that his balls needed to be drained soon. This had lit a fire that had been consuming me all day. I acted nonchalant about it, telling him “maybe” when he asked about having some us time later on.He had no idea what was in store for him. In fact, he had remained largely unaware of the burning desire that he had started inside of me and continued for most of the day, but I was like a predator stalking my prey. I eyed him throughout the day, looking at his muscular arms, brilliant smile, and puppy dog eyes like they were a tall glass of water in a drought.I could tell by the way he was acting that he had already forgotten about his request—or at least it had slipped to the back of his mind—but I hadn’t forgotten at all. I was intending to catch him off guard. He went down for a nap midday, and a few minutes in, I decided to make my move. He likes to sleep naked, and that was the perfect opportunity for me today.The last he had seen me, I was planning on hanging out in the living room while he napped—or so he thought. Sneaking into the room, I quietly shut the door behind me and stripped down naked myself before sliding under the covers next to him.Half asleep, he wrapped his arms around me, pulling me in for a hug. I felt his warmth and breath on me as I cuddled up right up next to his chest. I remained there for a bit, stoking the flames of the fire inside of me. I waited for the perfect opportunity—the perfect time where my desire could not be contained anymore.Once that point had been crossed, I was like an animal in heat. I moved in and started kissing his lips slowly at first, but with greater and greater passion as he started returning my kisses eagerly. He slowly awakened from his groggy state to find me naked and entangled with him, caressing and kissing him with greater and greater intensity.I traced my fingers over his back and scratched lightly, coaxing him into a conscious state of mind before pushing his chest down and positioning myself on top of him. I was going to take what was mine.I started using my tongue while kissing him, licking his lips and teeth before meeting his tongue in the middle. I found his tongue to be entering my mouth as well. He moaned and purred at my advances. My chest rested on his. My nipples were already hard and my legs were intertwined with his.I was straddling his right leg, which likely felt my increasing wetness as we kissed. There was nothing in between the two of us. He decided to stick his fingers inside of me and I lifted up slightly, allowing him to do. I moaned and humped his hand as he fingered me. My plan was successful.I reached down and started stroking him in return, which took him from a semi-erect state to a fully-erect state in only a minute or so. We were kissing intensely, only pausing to moan and exhale deep breaths as our collective excitement grew.I had him where I wanted him, fully hard and starting to leak pre-cum into my hand. It was time to execute Phase Two. I transitioned to straddling him fully and slid him into me, moaning in satisfaction as I did so.“You are such a slut!” he remarked while grabbing my now exposed breasts.“Yes I am!” I stated proudly while holding my hands over his. “So can you please squeeze this slut’s nipples?”“Oh, with pleasure!” he said, squeezing them hard. My vagina quivered with excitement as pain and pleasure shot through me from my breasts as he squeezed and pulled them.I started riding him from on top, moaning with delight as I took him deep inside of me, feeling shocks of pain and pleasure as my nipples pulled each time I moved.“You’re just a cock hungry whore aren’t you?” he taunted from beneath me while twisting slightly harder. “Keep riding my cock like that. You take that big cock. Good girl!”Soon I arched my back while lifting my entire ass all the way up and down his shaft, continuing to kiss him in a feverish passion. He hardly had to move the entire time as I fucked his cock, taking him for myself.I only paused a few times when I felt myself nearing the edge. The sensation took my breath away, and I was unable to continue further, panting heavily for a few seconds, then continuing to roll my hips and lift up and down. My wetness covered my thighs, and his as well.He started fucking me from underneath while dirty talking.“You’re such a slut,” he growled. “Look how easily you’re taking my big cock.”With a groan, he quickly pulled out and came as I made out with him. I took his moans and panting in my own mouth and face while doing so.We both lay on the bed breathing heavily.“Are you happy with yourself?” he asked.“Yes,” I said, “very happy. I wanted your cock and I took it.”He turned around and started fingering me with one and then two fingers to finish me of. He soon discovered that he needed into insert a third finger in order to have any friction, as my vagina leaked profusely. Pumping hard, he brought me to a heart pumping orgasm as I screamed with pleasure and panted.I am a lucky girl. I got what I was after.