In The Desert Mountains Part 1Happy New Year Everyone!These three series stories are a partial fantasy with a LOT of basis in fact. But unlike most of my MH stories, some parts of these three stories are fantasy.  The first story, “Happy & Sexy Christmas,” was posted on Christmas Day and is actually Part 3.  So here is Part 1 as a bit of a sexy flashback.We love rockhounding! We live in a mountainous state with many desert mountains.  So we go rockhounding or fossil hunting way out in the desert sometimes.  As retired scientists, rockhounding is one of our hobbies.Once we went to one of our favorite places to find semiprecious gems.  It was a pleasant late spring day, a little cool, but very moderate temperatures.  A dry cold front was forecast to move in from the north during the afternoon.My wife, Melody, wore a thin T-shirt with her flannel plaid shirt on top and unbuttoned at the top were two or three buttons – but the flannel shirt was tied at the hem of the shirt.  She wore denim pants that showed her shapely buns quite nicely.  Those buns were particularly cute as she bent over or crawled along the ground finding gems.  Like everything she does, my wife excelled at finding gems.I have always liked her in this outfit.  Seeing her in her element out in Nature is a huge turn-on for me.We have a bit of a competitive streak so we each hoped to find the most and best gemstones.  For a while she was only slightly better than me.But after an hour of searching for gems out in the valley she upped the ante.  She reached under her T shirt and undid her bra.  Then she slid her bra & T shirt off without ever totally exposing her full breasted top- because she still had her flannel shirt on.  I was getting excited because I now knew that we were on the same page.  Although I knew she was also trying to distract me from the search.We kept searching out on the flat with great success – especially Melody.  She now had a big advantage over me because watching so much of her cleavage and more was rather distracting for me.  I kept maneuvering myself to get glimpses of her beautiful full breasts.Finally she said with mock innocence, “Why Tommy, why am I finding so many more gems than you?”“Like you don’t know that you are a distraction,” I replied.We kept searching with some breaks for water.  But after another hour of searching for gems we decided to move up by the mountain to have lunch.  But our SUV would not start.  Before I could panic or even take a look under the hood, my wife, whose dad was a mechanic, opened it up and found that the cables to the battery needed to be tightened.  The vehicle now started right up.As she got into the car Melody said, “You do realize that I know my way around under a hood.Glancing over at her half exposed breasts, I couldn’t resist saying, “I’d like to do some exploring under YOUR hood!” And I nodded at her open flannel shirt.“Oh these things?” she joked as she pushed her large and beautiful breasts up from underneath and almost out of the shirt.  “After lunch,” she added with a sexy wicked look in her eyes.I almost ran the SUV off the road. “Still distracting me,” I jokingly complained.“Oh!” she said smiling.”You like it and you know it!  Then she slid her boobs out, one at a time, to play with her nipples.I slowed down.We backed in near a cliff and broke out the lunches.  We opened up the back door of our SUV.  As we ate, sitting on the floor of the storage area of the vehicle, we could peak around at the great view of stark beauty in the desert valley below. I also kept turning and looking at my sexy wife. The side view of her breast through the open flannel shirt could only be described as magnificent!As we finished eating our sandwiches I suggested that we have a special dessert I had brought along.“What did you bring Tom?” Melody asked.  (as if she didn’t guess already)  “I didn’t see any dessert in the cooler.”I pulled out her favorite bullet vibe and some flavored AloeCadabra lube.  “THIS kind of dessert!” I exclaimed.“Ooooo!” she said after a gasp. “I like that dessert!  You read my mind this morning!” Then she slid over right next to me and simultaneously kissed my mouth & fondled my dick through the denim that covered my growing hardness.It was my turn to gasp.“Something has come between us,” she said as she knelt in front of me and unzipped my pants.  Then she had me lift my buns up so she could slide my pants & boxers down to my knees.I reached down and fondled her voluptuous boobies under her semi-open flannel shirt as she pulled my pants down.  She started to move her cute little mouth to my already hard cock but I stopped her.  “Something ELSE has come between us,” I said with my own wicked smile.  And I tugged on her shirt.“Oh you wanna see the girls?” she asked in mock innocence.  Then she pulled her flannel shirt off over her head without unbuttoning the bottom button. Her undershirt came with it. She had quickly freed “the girls” for my enjoyment.  She hadn’t moved from where she was kneeling in front of me.Before I could compliment her on her beautiful breasts, she seized my erection and engulfed half my length into her sexy mouth.I groaned and said, “You are SO good at that!  Mmmmmmm!”She pumped the base half of my rather long shaft with her hand as she continued to engulf the glans up to 4 or so inches down my shaft. She paused to lift my shaft so she could teasingly  run her tongue and lips along the underside, from base to tip.  This teasing lasted two or three minutes.Then she took me back into her mouth and without warning took me all in so her nose was in my curly hair down there. Her lips were at my base.  Then she began to rock and bob her head forward & back at a frantic pace.I knew I was going to shoot my load (her present) down her throat, but she suddenly stopped. She reached up and I took both of her hands and helped her stand in front of me. Then I dove in to kiss, lick, suck, and tongue both of her glorious nipples.  Melody cooed in pleasure as she cupped each full breast for me to orally love.  But I wanted to orally love her someplace else too.So we switched places and she sat on the cargo bay of our SUV & she laid back with her legs open wide and she demanded, “I WANT you to put your tongue inside me NOW!” (This is how she requests that she is in the mood for some major tongue tunneling in pussy cunnilingus)So I knelt down on the ground and leaned my face into her lady treasure.  I ran my tongue slowly up the length of her pussy-parts.  “Pussy” can mean her vagina, but to us, “pussy” often refers to all of her external genitalia as well.I began to tongue fuck her with the kind of enthusiasm she had when she was blowing me.  She put her hands on either side of her pussy to open it even wider for my tongue & mouth!  I can’t adequately describe how sexy that was,or how great her pussy tasted to my tongue.“Yes!” she cried out in her very husky sex voice.  “Like that! Don’t stop!”I finally moved up to her clit and began to orally minister on her hard and erect little gem.“Mmmm!” I said. “Your clitty is as hard as the gem stones we found!”“You’re funny!” she said, but she began to moan as my tongue flicked her clit even more vigorously.I paused to add, “But your clit isn’t semiprecious, she’s precious to me!  In fact, ALL of you is precious to me – body and soul!”“Ohhh,” she just barely managed to say, “I love you so much!  Please put Fred in my pussy!”“Does your little pussy want big old Fred to fuck her?” I teased.“Yes!” she practically yelled. “My pussy needs Fred NOW!!”If we weren’t out in the middle of nowhere I would have been concerned that someone would hear her.I stood and teased her vulva with my very hard glans.  “You’re TEASING me!” she cried out.“Now ask nicely,” I said.  “You need to say “Please Tommy, fuck my pussy now!”Melody rolled her eyes.  “Fuck” was not her favorite word, but but she still finally said “Tommy, please fuck my pussy,” & then she went all in as she pointed at her pussy.  ”I want you to fuck my pussy right here, right now!”  she demanded.The lube was right at hand.  So was the bullet vibrator.  I handed her the vibe and she turned it on to maximum power.  Then she rubbed it over her pussy and partly into her cute naturally wet cunt.  I began to lube up my dick with the Orange Cream or creamsicle flavored lube.“I don’t think you’ll need that,” said Melody over the buzz of the vibrator.  “My pussy is soaking wet, see!”  And she ran two fingers into her pussy and drew them out shining with her natural lube.“Gotta have my protein creamsicle after we fuck,” I said with a smile.“Oh-ooo!” Melody said as she pushed the vibrator into her clit.  She sighed loudly too.I knew she was completely ready so I finished lubing up my phallic sword and thrust into her waiting pussy!“Ahhh!” My wife gasped.  “So it’s gonna be like that!” she said. “I LIKE it!”I proceeded to fuck her, alternating fast then slow.  In my opinion, my wife looked like a beautiful & horny young bride!“I love fucking your sweet pussy!” I cried out in pleasure as I pounded her pussy.“I love having Fred in my pussy!” Melody responded. “He’s so BIG!”Her bouncing boobies were fun to watch with each fuck-stroke.  I leaned over to suck on each tittie and her orgasm commenced like a 9.0 earthquake!  I sucked on one tit harder and pinched the other.  Her buns lifted off the floor and her back arched as her orgasm intensified!It was too much for “Fred” to resist and my first spasm of sexual release erupted into my Melody’s pulsating pussy.  She had also begun to use her Kegal muscles to caress my erection. When she started to cum, her pussy milked all the man-cream out of my balls and cock!Halfway through our mutual orgasms I stood up straight again and slammed deeper and harder into her pussy.  It quickly seemed obvious that her orgasm was peaking a second time!As she came down from her second peak and could speak coherently, she said, “Oh thank you! Thank you, Tommy!  That felt sooo good!  And I love feeling my present in my pussy!”  (I had not yet withdrawn my cock.)“Thank YOU!” I said and I insisted that I was the one who was grateful.  I slowed down the pace but continued to gently fuck my sexy, beautiful, and kind wife of three decades. I eventually slid Fred out with protein creamsicle on my mind.Melody remembered my plans and she said, “Hurry up! It’s leaking out!”So I dove face and tongue first into what I considered her delicious creamsicle pussy – with special protein-packed extra cream!  Melody rocked her pelvis as she enjoyed the lingual contact.I finally stood while licking my lips.  Melodie slid her sexy nearly-nude body off the back floor of our SUV and stood in front of me.  She kissed my orange cream cummy mouth and we expressed our love and devotion to each other.  We cleaned up with baby wipes but we had not yet dressed.  I thought we were done. I was wrong.We both had loved the sexual sharing in Nature and felt intense gratitude to God for His gifts to us.  But Melody had a plan for further erotic fun in the desert mountains.End of part 1…. Part 2 cumming soon.  Part 3 posted on Christmas Day.May we all have a sexy and happy new year!