(L) – This story contains strong language.Andrea and Gabriel had recently celebrated their 30th wedding anniversary. When they were first married, their sex life was an explosion of vibrancy and colour. However, over time, the excitement had waned into dull and beige. The ‘I do this, and you do that’ routine lacked the flare that the infancy of their romance had started with.They still loved each other very much. They both still felt the love, fire, and desire, but life’s mundane routine had taken over. Gabriel wished they could return to a time when they would lie in each other’s arms, their bodies a tangle of sweaty limbs, frantic kisses, passionate looks, and incredible sex.Their work consumed so much of their time that they rarely spent any together. Gabriel travelled often, and he knew Andrea spent a lot of time with her friends. When Gabriel’s work escalated, he realised that Andrea had begun going out with them two or three evenings a week. Often she didn’t come home until he had gone to bed.Andrea said there was no problem with their marriage. However, he was sure there was a need to put more effort into the relationship or this could become a make-or-break crossroads for them as a couple. Gabriel knew he needed to return his attention to Andrea and rekindle the flame before the fire went out.Andrea was working in her office when the receptionist entered with a giant floral bouquet in a vase. “This arrived for you.”“Oh, my!” Andrea’s face lit up. “They’re beautiful.” The flowers were a mix of her favourites: pink and white lilies.“There’s a card, too,” the receptionist added.Andrea picked the small envelope from between the stems and looked at the front. She smiled at his crooked writing on the outside of the envelope.‘I am so sorry we fought. I hope you are enjoying a wonderful day, Mon Amour. Gabriel.’“Ooh! They’re from Gabriel!” the receptionist grinned. “Lucky you.”Andrea beamed, happy. “We had a small désaccord. This is his way to apologise. I can’t stay mad, and I’m a lucky girl.”“Well, enjoy your flowers, Andrea.”“Thank you, Linda. I will.”Andrea placed the flowers on her desk and proceeded to open the envelope. Pulling out the inner card, she heard a plastic clatter as a key card slipped out of an inner fold and landed on the desk. When she read Gabriel’s second message, she gave a surprisedOhh.“18:00 Le Grand, InterContinental Hotel, Park Lane. Room 818”Andrea felt a little confused and a little embarrassed as her cheeks flushed red. She wondered what Gabriel was up to. He had not been spontaneous like this in years.The afternoon clock-watching was painful as the day slipped by slowly. All the sensations in her head were made worse when her phone dinged twice, and she received a text from Gabriel.“Do you remember that day in Marrakesh you said yes to my every request?”Her fingers quickly typed back.“Oui”Once more, her phone binged twice.“Will you say yes to me tonight? Will you do as I ask?”Again, she typed back a simple “Oui.”“Merci, mon amour.”For the rest of the day, Andrea was in agony. The day dragged slowly by as Andrea’s excitement grew. She could not escape the mystery of what Gabriel may be planning, and her fantasies grew. When the digital display on her laptop showed 17:00, Andrea hustled her things into her bag and rushed out the door.“Linda, I’m away early today. Have a lovely evening!”“You too, Andrea,” Linda smiled back, then watched her rush out the door.Andrea avoided the rush hour as she jumped onto the Metro and hurtled under Paris. The InterContinental was close to work, just two stops on the Metro, so the journey took less than 15 minutes. It gave her even more time to create beautiful scenarios in her mind’s eye.The hotel was as grand and expensive as its name. Le Grand, Paris. Andrea crossed the lobby and saw the grand salon and the beautiful chandeliers. The concierge offered to escort her, but she shook her head.“I’m okay, thanks,” she smiled, waving her key card.Her heels clicked on the floor as she approached the elevator. She entered with a few other guests. Andrea selected the eighth floor, and the doors closed. The elevator hummed as it rose through the hotel. The doors opened on the conference rooms on the second floor, and everyone but her filed out. Andrea’s heart began beating faster as she started to feel more and more excited.Gabriel had not created this much exhilaration and adrenaline in such a long time. She felt a rush, and she loved every minute of it. The doors closed behind her. Andrea leaned against the side and waited to go up the remaining few floors. As the lift reached its destination, it dinged loudly. Andrea exited and walked along the corridor.She got to room 818 and stood motionless momentarily before pulling the card out of her jacket. Andrea looked at the key card and then back to the door, her heart pounding, and a smile crept across her face.“Here goes,” she said, slipping the key onto the door reader.The door made a mechanical shucking noise, and Andrea pushed it open.“Hello.” She called out. There was no answer from the still and quiet room. Nervously, she ventured further into the room.Andrea realised that she was alone as she stepped into a lavish suite. A dark sofa and chair accented the neutral tones of the walls, and a large window looked out onto the Paris skyline. On the wall over the desk was a large ornate antique-style mirror. Positioned against the other wall opposite the mirror was a large double bed with a rich, plump white duvet and six firm pillows.“Gabriel,” Andrea said again, knowing there would be no response.She dropped her handbag on the sofa and looked out the window onto a cold yet sunny afternoon in Paris.“What a wonderfully capricious evening,” she thought to herself.It was unlike Andrea to feel this nervous about Gabriel’s plans. Today, he had managed to stir up all sorts of sensations in her. A text message suddenly pinged as Andrea looked at her phone to check the time. Andrea’s heart leapt, and she pulled up her messages and read the note.“Slide your panties off, and then sit at the desk.”Andrea bit her lip.“He’s getting naughty,” she smirked.Andrea did not reply to his text. Instead, she dropped her phone on the desk and began to slide her underwear down. When they hit the floor, she lifted them with her foot, picked them up and dropped them next to her handbag. Andrea took her place at the desk, wondering what would happen next. She was excited, turned on and, more importantly, intrigued.The phone pinged again, and she looked down to see another message from Gabriel.“There is a little surprise for you in the drawer. Follow the instructions precisely, please, mon amour.”Andrea slid the drawer open and pulled out a black box. Opening the lid, she saw a stack of A5 note cards, a black fountain pen and a velvet pouch. Lying on top was a handwritten set of instructions. Andrea gave an excited gasp as she read his note.“Mon Amour,I have a little task for you. Please set a timer on your phone for five minutes. Take the paper and pen I left for you and write this line: “I will not neglect my marriage.” Keep writing until your timer beeps. Oh, please do so while using the toy I have left you!Gabriel”“Wow,” Andrea said, picking up the velvet pouch. She untied the black ribbon, and the bag dropped open. The first thing Andrea saw was a sleek Womaniser clitoral stimulator. The next thing Andrea found was a bottle of lubricant. She squeezed the base, and a thick, shiny liquid dripped into her palm.“I’m going to enjoy this,” Andrea laughed.Andrea kicked off her shoes and pulled up her pencil skirt. Her fingers slid the silky vibrator against her skin. The toy buzzed quietly as she switched it on, and the vibration made her tingle. Placing it between her legs, she realised the buzzing was perfectly localised on her clitoris. Andrea couldn’t help but moan in pleasure as she felt the vibrations pulsate between her legs.“Ooh, wow!” She moaned, enjoying the blissful feeling.Andrea was lost in a haze of desire and ecstasy. She wanted to close her eyes and enjoy the sensations building between her legs. However, she remembered the rest of the instructions Gabriel had laid down for her. Andrea pressed the nib onto the paper and began to write.I will not neglect my marriage.I will not neglect my marriage.I will not neglect my marriage.To begin with, she found the task easy, but as the vibrations grew in intensity, her writing became increasingly erratic.I wiw not neglect my maige.I wiil not neglekct my mgaie.I will not neglet ct my maige.Andrea’s mind was getting fuzzier, and she could not focus properly. Under the desk, her legs started to buckle, and her knees shook. The Womaniser was making her feel fantastic, and she could feel its vibrations building up the pleasure as it moved on her clit. She bit her lip as she approached number 17.Her hand was shaking, and her grip on the pen was failing. She tried to keep her focus, but it was not possible. Andrea dropped the pen and placed both hands on the table. Her body trembled, and her legs shook. Andrea’s eyes closed, and her breath became heavier and more laboured.She could feel the intense vibrations against her and her body reacting to the stimulation. She picked up the pen and tried to continue her task when her orgasm crescendoed.  A warm heat enveloped her like a warm hug. A soft buzzing filled her ears as her body shook with an explosive release. Her whole body quaked, and the sensation overwhelmed her.“Oh, mon Dieu,” Andrea exclaimed, feeling her body tingle with an earth-shattering climax. “Ooh,” she gasped as she sat back and enjoyed the last remnants of her orgasm.Andrea slumped into the chair as the sensations subsided and tried to compose herself. She looked at her phone and saw the timer show three minutes left on her timer. Andrea looked in the mirror and smiled at her reflection. She put the stimulator back into position and commenced her lines once more.I will not neglect my marriage.Andrea’s body was still sensitive and highly responsive to the stimulation. As the minutes passed, her mind went blank. Andrea’s eyes rolled back, and her lips parted. Her moans were audible, and her body twitched.“Ooh!” She gasped, her toes curling and her body tensing. She dropped the pen and gripped the edge of the table once more.“Argh, fuck,” she grunted, feeling the second climax hit. Her whole body shuddered, and her body twitched as she let go. Andrea’s eyes screwed shut, and her breathing came out in heavy, gasping breaths. She slumped against the chair and tried to compose herself once more.I will not neglect my marriageAs the stimulator vibrated against her clit, the third climax arrived quickly. The third orgasm was the most powerful. Her body convulsed, and her mind went blank.“Oh, God, fuck,” she gasped, the sensations overwhelming her senses.She was shaking, and her body was still shuddering when the timer beeped. Andrea let the toy fall to the chair, then switched it off, and took a deep breath. As her breathing returned to normal, she looked at the clock and realized she had been there for 30 minutes. Andrea was still breathing heavily when her phone pinged once more.She grabbed her phone and read the new message from Gabriel.“Well done, my love.I left you something to change into in the wardrobe.You have five minutes to change and kneel at the foot of the bed.You will be holding out your homework for me to inspect on your open palms.Gabriel x”Andrea pulled herself together and stood up, her legs wobbling. She stumbled, trying to make it to the wardrobe. Inside, she found a sheer red lingerie set, a black lace suspender belt, an eye mask, and stockings. Andrea undressed, dropping her clothes and shoes into a messy pile at the bottom of the wardrobe. She dressed quickly in the new outfit.Andrea took the notes from the desk and stepped over to the bed before tying the mask over her eyes. The carpet felt soft beneath her as she knelt and waited for her husband. The silence made her uneasy, and the excitement grew.She had no idea how much time had passed, but it felt longer than the allotted five minutes. Her vision was obscured by the blindfold, and she was beginning to feel cold. But her senses were enhanced. She felt both the excitement and trepidation of the moment.Finally, Andrea heard the door open, and her heart began to pound.“Hello, mon Amour,” Gabriel’s voice said.“Bonjour,” Andrea replied. She could hear the door closing and the click of the lock.Andrea listened as his footsteps moved around the room. She distinctly heard him placing his briefcase on the luggage stand beside the wardrobe. She listened to the rustle of him sliding off his jacket and hanging it on a hanger. His footsteps approached, and she heard his breathing. Andrea wondered if he had noticed her clothes thrown haphazardly in the bottom of the wardrobe.“You were good. You did everything I asked, Mon Amour.”“Merci.”Andrea felt a finger stroke her cheek. It moved down her neck, over her shoulder along her outstretched arm and to her hand, where she felt him take the paper from her.“You only wrote 27 lines, mon amour. Don’t you love me enough to get to 30?” he asked, a playful tone in his voice.“Oh, but I do, Gabriel,” Andrea purred.“Good,” Gabriel laughed, his tone happy. “I think we can do better, though.”Andrea heard him shuffle.“Here’s the plan, mon amour,” he began. “I want you to say your line like a mantra. However, every time you stop, I stop. Do you understand?” he asked.“Yes, sir.”“That’s my girl, bien joué,” he cooed.She felt the vibrations of the large wand on her mound before she heard it buzz. It felt deliciously tingly on her sensitive clit.“I will not neglect my marriage,” Andrea said, trying to sound as sultry as possible.The wand stopped.“Again. Give it a number.”“One, I will not neglect my marriage.”This time, Gabriel used the end of the wand and teased it along the folds of her labia, burrowing it hard against her pelvic bone and then up her slit. He moved the smooth tip around her lips and flicked it against her clit.“Two, I will not neglect my marriage.”Gabriel moved the wand and pressed it to her lips.“Three, I will not neglect my, my, my marriage she stuttered.“You stumbled, mon amour,” he said. “I can’t work with dirty toys,” he barked.“Clean it. Use that tongue I love so much, and I want to hear you suck it.”Andrea met Gabriel’s hand, brought the wand to her mouth, and ran her tongue around the head. She sucked the toy in her mouth, running her tongue along its shaft.“Let’s try again,”She spoke loudly and clearly so he could hear her. “Three, I will not neglect my marriage. Four, I will not neglect my marriage.”The words were becoming a struggle, but she determined to let her husband tease her for as long as she could. She felt divine as the vibrations shuddered through her body.“Ten, I will not neglect my, argh,” Andrea gasped, feeling Gabriel’s finger slide between her legs from behind.“Don’t lose count,” he whispered, his breath hot against her ear.“Eleven, I will not neglect my mar, argh, marriage,” she said as Gabriel slid his finger into her hot pussy.“Twelve, I will not,” Andrea struggled.“I think you’ve lost count now, mon amour.”The vibrator switched off, and she could feel the wand being dragged from between her legs. Andrea’s body ached for him. She needed his touch.“What number did we stop on, Mon Amour?”“Twelve.”“Very good,” Gabriel said.Andrea heard him moving again and then the sound of his zipper.“Get on the bed,” Gabriel ordered.Andrea scrambled to her feet and tried to remember what side the bed was on. Her blindfold tightly fastened around her head, and she fell onto the mattress, feeling the plump duvet beneath her.“Kneel in front of me,” Gabriel said, his voice deep and raspy.Andrea obeyed and moved forward, her legs tucked under her torso, her arms outstretched, holding her weight. Gabriel moved closer, and Andrea could feel his breath.“Suck my cock,” Gabriel commanded.Andrea did not need to be told twice. She grabbed him by his hips and guided his penis into her mouth. She felt it grow harder and more prominent. Andrea could taste the saltiness of his pre-cum as it leaked from the head.“You’re so fucking beautiful,” he groaned.“Your lips look incredible around my cock,”Andrea was lost in the pleasure of his thick girth. Her eyes closed, and she could not control her breathing. Her body was trembling as his shaft throbbed in her mouth.“Stop,” he grunted, handing her the wand. “Use this, but don’t orgasm, do you understand?”“Yes, sir,” Andrea panted.“I need you to suck my balls,” he panted, pulling himself out of her mouth.Andrea took the toy, and with one hand, she guided his thick erection back into her mouth. She ran her tongue along the base of his shaft. Lofted his cock up with her hand and sucked his balls into her mouth. Andreas tongue swirled and flicked his ball sack, sucking it and slurping her tongue. Gabriel’s knees buckled, and he moaned deeply.“I love the way you suck my balls, Mon Amour.”He pulled himself away and pushed his penis back into her mouth.“Make me cum,” he demanded,Andrea did not need him to tell her what to do. She could sense he was getting close, and her heart raced excitedly. Andrea was lost in a haze of euphoria as his penis twitched in her mouth. His balls tightened, and she could feel his orgasm was moments away.“Fuck, I’m going to cum,” he groaned,Andrea did not respond. She held him tight, her hands on his cock and the other guiding the toy over her clit. Gabriel grunted and exploded in her mouth, and his hot load spurted into her throat. Andrea swallowed his semen, gulping and slurping the creamy substance down.She was still swallowing his cum when she felt the vibrations from the wand overwhelm her. Her body was close to shuddering as she switched the toy off. She could taste his salty juices dripping down her throat. His whole body shook, and his mind went blank. Andrea’s eyes closed as she sucked his cock dry of cum.“Get on your back,” he commanded,Andrea adjusted onto her back as she felt Gabriel’s hands on her knees, spreading her legs wide. Andrea laid on her back, her legs open.“Good girl,” Gabriel growled, his voice deeper and raspier.Andrea’s legs shook, and her body twitched as the waves of ecstasy rolled through her. She was desperate for release. Her body was screaming.“Are you ready to beg, mon amour?”“Please fuck me, Gabriel.”“Repeat the line, my love,”“I will not neglect my marriage,” she panted.“You sound amazing. Repeat it,”“I will not neglect my, marry, oh, I will not neglect …”“Fuck, you’re going to make me hard again,”“… my marriage,” Andrea gasped.She felt Gabriel’s lips kiss her knee and move down her thigh. His breath was hot on her skin, and his touch was gentle. Gabriel moved to the inside of her thighs, his lips kissing the delicate flesh. He licked and nibbled, sending Andrea into a state of delirium. His fingers traced her opening, teasing her entrance with his fingers.“You’re so wet, Mon Amour,”“Gabriel,” she whimpered.“Yes, mon amour?”“I need you.”“You have me,” he whispered.Gabriel’s breath was warm on her sensitive folds, and she could feel his lips so close to her pussy. He kissed her gently and ran his tongue over her labia. He flicked his tongue up and down and swirled it around her opening.“You taste so good, Andrea,” he whispered.She could feel his hands moving up her body, his hand stroking her skin, his breath on her mound. Gabriel’s hands moved over the red lingerie, pulling it up her body as he explored her. She felt him grab her breasts and knead the soft flesh.“I need you, Gabriel.” she begged, her voice hoarse.“I know.” he breathed.“Please, Gabriel, I want you inside me.”“Not yet, mon amour,” he whispered into her heat.“Please, Gabriel, I’m begging.”“Not yet.”Gabriel continued to tease her with his fingers. His hands were everywhere, exploring her, and he was making her desperate. He continued to tease her, kissing, and licking her skin. Andrea’s body trembled as she lay spread-eagled on the bed.“Please,” she whimpered, her voice cracking.“You sound so desperate.”“I am.”“I need you,” she said, her voice cracking.Gabriel’s mouth moved over her, and he took her clit in his mouth. He flicked his tongue over her nub and sucked on it. Gabriel moved his fingers into her and curled them, stroking the delicate spot that drove her wild.“Gabriel.”“Say it.”“Please.”“Say it, Andrea.”“I will not neglect.”Gabriel stopped moving, and Andrea’s heart skipped a beat.“What number, mon amour?”“11,” she said, her voice wavering.“It was 12, but close enough.”“13, I will not neglect my marriage,” she screamed as Gabriel gently bit her labia’s lips.“14,” she screamed.Gabriel’s fingers moved faster. He thrust them inside her and stroked her.“15,” she shouted.Gabriel’s mouth sucked and kissed her pussy, and his fingers thrust faster.“16, I will not,”“Louder, Andrea.”“17,” she cried, feeling the familiar wave build.Gabriel’s fingers pumped furiously into her, and his tongue was flicking her clit.“18, I will not,”“20,”“21, I will,”Gabriel pulled his fingers from her, and Andrea could hear him move around the bed.“Please, Gabriel,” she begged,“Non,” he said, enjoying the moment of power he had over his wife.“Face down, mon Amour,” he ordered, his voice deep and husky.Andrea moved her body into position. Her chest pressed against the mattress. She felt the mattress sink as Gabriel knelt in front of her again. His hand guided his cock back to her mouth, and Andrea guzzled it into her warm mouth.His breath was loud as he watched Andrea move back and forth along his shaft. Her tongue worked the underside of his cock furiously. Andrea spread her legs and could feel the coolness of the room on her wet pussy.Gabriel grabbed her hair and pushed his cock into her mouth, making Andrea take him deep. She relaxed her throat, and his penis pushed further in. Gabriel held her head firmly and pumped her face.“Oh, mon amour, your mouth feels so fucking good,”Andrea continued to suck, her hands gripping his ass. She could taste this salty precum once more. Gabriel released his hold and withdrew from her. He moved around the bed and slid a hand under her torso, positioning her so she was kneeling on the bed. Andrea felt him move his hands to her hips and grip her tightly.“Andrea, the line.”“29, I will not neglect,”“Say it,”“30, I will not,”Andrea felt him move his pelvis towards her and press the tip of his cock into her entrance.“Say it, Andrea,” he growled.“31, I will not neglect, 32, I will not neglect.”“Louder, Mon Amour.”“34,” she screamed, as his cock pushing into her.“35,” she gasped as he slowly pushed his whole length inside her.“36,” she moaned.Gabriel did not give her any time to adjust. He started to pound her. His movements were fast and furious, and his cock slid in and out of her with ease.“37, I will not neglect, oh Gabriel,”“Say it, Mon Amour,” he demanded.“38, I will not neglect my marriage,”The rhythmic motion of Gabriel’s thrusts pushed her closer to the edge. She could feel her orgasm building. Gabriel’s cock stretched her and filled her.“39, I will not, I will not,”She tried to speak the words, but her breath caught a sensation of euphoria washing over her body. Andrea’s pussy clenched and unclenched as the orgasm ripped through her. Her legs trembled, and she was barely able to keep herself upright. Gabriel did not slow. His body moved furiously against hers, his cock filling her completely.“40, I will not, I will not,”The waves were still crashing through her body, and she could not catch her breath. Gabriel’s cock pushed in and out of her, and he continued to thrust, his pace never faltering.“41, I will not,”Another orgasm rolled through her body. Her legs buckled, and her body spasmed.“42, I will,”Gabriel gripped her tighter, his movements frantic and urgent.“43, I will not, I will,”Unable to finish the line, Gabriel Pulled his cock out of her in a swift movement. Sitting back, he stared at Andreas gaping hole, and his cock twitched. Andrea collapsed onto the bed; her breathing laboured.“Turn around, mon Amour,” Gabriel said.She could hear him moving around the room and then the unmistakable sound of the stimulator being turned on.“On your back, Andrea.”“She is tired,” Andrea pleaded, cupping her hands over her pussy.“Are you neglecting your marriage?” he asked sternly.“No. 44 I will not neglect my marriage,” she said, turning her body so she was lying on her back.Gabriel positioned a pillow under the small of her back, lifting her pelvis up. He then moved between her legs and teased her clit with the vibrator.“You’re such a good girl, mon amour. Do you know how much I love you?”“45, I will not,” she stuttered, feeling the stimulator puff at her clit once more.“46, I will not neglect, ahh, fuck. My marr,”“Good girl, Mon Amour. Tell me again, how much do you love me?”“I love you,” she moaned.Gabriel pressed his cock to her opening and teased her clit.“47, I will,”Gabriel glided his cock deep into her wet pussy. He could feel her heat enveloping his shaft as Andrea wrapped her legs around him, pulling his deeper inside her. The toy whirred and puffed as Gabriel held it over the red, swollen nub of her clitoris. Andrea’s moans and gasps were intoxicating. Her body was covered in a thin film of sweat.“I love you, mon Amour. Do you want to cum again?”“Yes,” she screamed.“Then you will tell me why we are here today,”“48 I will not neglect, I will not,” she struggled to get the words out.“49, I will not neglect my marriage,”Gabriel slammed into her, his balls slapping her skin.“50,” she gasped,“Why are you here, Andrea?”“To,”“Tell me,”“To,”“Tell me,”“To, to, to, 51, to,”Gabriel thrust hard into her as he turned the clitoral stimulator up to high. Andrea arched her back as she screamed.“I am here to remind myself that, too, 52, too,”“Go on, Mon Amour,”“To,”“Say it,”“53, to not,”“Say it,”“To not neglect my marriage.”“That’s my good girl,”“I need to cum, Gabriel,”“Not yet” he groaned.Gabriel pulled out and grabbed her hands, pulling her up into a sitting position. He pulled the blindfold off her head, and she looked at him. Gabriel’s cock throbbed. Her hair was matted to her forehead.“Turn around and sit in my lap, Mon Amour,” he grunted, moving to the side of the bed, and taking a seat.Andrea crawled towards him and turned to sit in his lap, straddling his hips. She looked up and saw her reflection in the mirror. Her hands scrunched her hair up as she raised her arms high. Gabriel guided her to his cock, and she eased down onto him. They both gasped as his erection filled her.“I love you, Gabriel.”“And I love you, Mon Amour.”She started to bounce up and down, his cock sliding in and out of her.“Tell me, Andrea,”“54, I will not, 55, neglect,”“You can do it,”“My, 56, marriage.”“Again,”“57, I will not neglect my,”“Good girl,”“58, my marriage,”“Do you love me, Mon Amour?”“I love you, oh,”“Keep going,”“59, I will not, 60, oh god, I will not,”Andrea felt her orgasm build and her breathing quicken.“61, I will not neglect,”Gabriel gripped her hips and lifted her up and down on his cock as he looked at her reflection in the mirror. Her eyes closed, and her head back against his cheek.“62,” she panted, her body shuddering as the waves rolled through her.“63, I will not neglect,”She tried to continue, but the sensations were overwhelming.“64, I will not,”Her breath was ragged.She opened her eyes, and the sight of her own naked body bouncing on Gabriel’s cock took her to the edge.“65,”Gabriel continued to guide her up and down on his shaft.“66,”Her orgasm was building.“67,”“You can do it, Mon Amour,”“68,”“Say it,”“I will,”“Say it,”“I will not,”“Keep going,”“Neglect,”“69, I will,”“Come on,”“Not neglect my marriage,”“Good girl,”Andrea’s body spasmed.The sensations were too much.She collapsed on him.“70,”“Mon amour,” Gabriel said, “say the words.”“71, I will not,”Gabriel continued to move her up and down on his cock, her body limp.“72, I will not, 73, oh God,”“Again,”“I will not,”Gabriel pulled her legs out and laid her down on the bed. He stood over her and pushed his cock deep into her, her legs splayed open.“74,” she panted,Gabriel thrust into her, his body glistening.“75, I will not,”He thrust harder and faster.“76,”His balls slapped against her.“77, I will not, not,”Gabriel leaned down and kissed her passionately.“78, I will not, I will not neglect my,”“That’s my good girl,” Gabriel praised, moving faster and harder.“79, oh, I will not,”Gabriel felt his balls tighten.“80, I will not neglect my marriage,” she said weakly. “Cum in me, Gabriel,”Gabriel fucked her spent body harder and faster as he felt his ball tighten.“81, I will not neglect my marriage,” she said as the sensation of her husband using her like a toy sent her mind into a deep trance.Her pussy clamped around him as she came once more, her body writhing under him.“82,” she screamed, her body trembling.“83, I will not neglect my marriage,” she said as Gabriel grunted, his balls twitching and tightening.“84, I will not,”The first stream shot deep inside her.“85, I will not,”Andrea moaned as Gabriel’s semen flooded her insides.“86, I will not neglect,”Gabriel’s second stream sprayed across her stomach and breasts.“87, I will not, 88,”Gabriel held his cock over her, and another stream hit her pussy.“89, I will not neglect, 90, oh, I will not,”A large glob of semen landed on her cheek.“91, I will not, 92, oh,”Gabriel sat back on his heels and admired his work.“93, I will not,”Andrea was covered in semen.“94, I will not neglect,”Her skin glowed, and her body trembled. She fell silent as Gabriel lay beside her and held her in his arms.“95,” she whispered.“Mon amour, what number is that?”“I can’t remember,”“You are amazing. Thank you, Gabriel,”“I love you, mon Amour,”“I love you, too,” she said, curling up into his arms.“So, have you been neglecting your marriage?”“I’ve neglected you,”“Yes, you have. That’s why you’re here.”“I know,” she said, smiling.He held her in a tangle of arms and legs. Gabriel could feel the heat from her mound against his skin, her breathing heavy on his neck. Andreas’s arms held him in a tiered and limp embrace.After a while, Andrea felt Gabriel get up and walk to the bathroom. When he returned, he perched on the side of the bed and ran his fingertips over Andrea’s body. His digits followed the contours of her body over her side and up over her arms. She was aware that Gabriel had outstretched her arms above her head. In a comfortable post-sex moment, she was suddenly acutely aware that her hands had been Bound Above her head. She looked up to see Gabriel smiling at her as he fixed a pair of handcuffs to the headboard by a rope.“What’s that for?”“We can still make another 50 numbers, Mon Amour,”“Now?”“You don’t want to neglect your marriage, do you?”“I am tired, Gabriel, and She is a little sore,” she said, looking at her puffy red labia lips.“You do want to neglect your marriage?” he said with a fake surprise.“No, but”“You are neglecting it.”“But, Gabriel,”“Do you love me?”“I do,” she smiled.“Do you trust me?”“Yes,”“Then tell me what number we are on, Mon Amour.”“I don’t remember,”“Let me remind you,” he said, “95.”” Yes, 95, I will not neglect,”Gabriel moved down between her legs, his eyes looking directly at her wet folds.“96, I will not,”He bent forward, his tongue snaking out.“97, I will not,”With no hesitation, his tongue plunged between the folds of her lips and penetrated her vagina. She tasted delicious as he slurped between her fat lips.“98, I will not neglect,”Her moans made him suck her clit, his nose pressing against her sensitive button.“99, I will,”She could not finish the line. Tiredness, exhilaration, and pleasure washed over her body, the waves of pleasure sending her back into a trance. Gabriel’s mouth moved, and he sucked and nibbled the soft skin of her inner thigh. Andrea wrapped her legs around his head as he ate. She was torn between another orgasm and the sensitivity of her sore pussy.“100, I will,”She moaned as Gabriel’s teeth sank into her flesh,“101, I will not, will not,”Her breath caught,“102,”Gabriel licked a trail of saliva up to her clitoris and gently bit her clit.“103, I will,”Andrea arched her back.“I will, I will,”Her legs quivered.“104, I will, I,”Gabriel pressed the button of the wand and teased her clit.“105,” she screamed.Andrea’s body convulsed, her muscles clenching and her hands straining against the cuffs.“106,”She writhed on the bed as Gabriel moved the toy over her cunt. Gabriel moved back and knelt on his haunches. He grabbed her ankles, and Andrea found herself back on her stomach. Gabriel slid the wand between her legs and positioned the toy under her.“107,” she breathed.“You like this, don’t you,” Gabriel said.“108,”“Do you want to cum?”“109,”“Yes,”“110, yes, please.”“Then tell me why you are here today, mon Amour.”“To not neglect, 111, not neglect, oh, oh,”“112,”“To, 113, to not, 114, oh fuck, to not,”Andrea’s voice was desperate, and her legs spread wider as Gabriel increased the pace of the wand.“115, to not,”“Say it,”“116, to not,”“Why are you here,”“117, I,”“Why are you here?”“118 To not neglect my marriage,” she screamed.Gabriel lay over her and pressed his cock between the cheeks of her arse.“119, I will not,”He teased her opening.“120,”Andrea’s eyes rolled back.“121,”She was so close.“122, I will not,”He eased into her rear.“123,”Her body quivered.“124,”He moved deeper.“125, oh, I,”He thrust hard.“126, I will,”He felt the walls of her bum clamp down as he started to fuck her. Andre felt her body press again, the wand bussing between her legs.“127,”“128,”She gasped.“129,”Gabriel’s hand reached up and grabbed her hair, and he pulled her head back hard. She felt the pleasure of her clit being pressed hard against the vibrator contrasted with the pinch of pain every time Gabriel’s Cock brazenly penetrated her arse.“130,”He fucked her harder and faster.“131, oh, oh,”She could feel the wave start to roll through her.“132,”He pounded her.“133,”She was going to cum.“134,”“Cum, mon amour,”“135, I will, oh, 136,”She felt her body spasm, her back arch, and her body convulse. Her hands were clenched tightly around the metal chain of the cuffs, the muscles in her arms pulled taut as she was sent spiralling into a powerful orgasm. Gabriel slammed into her, her tight ring of muscle clenching his shaft.“137, I,”She screamed.“138, oh,”Her body shuddered.“139,”He continued to fuck her.“140,”Gabriel grabbed her hips and pulled her towards him, his cock buried deep in her bum.“141, 142, 143,”He groaned, his body stiffening, his grip tightening.“144, oh, 145,”“I am going to cum, Mon Amour,”“Cum,”“Cum in me, baby,”“146, 147,”Gabriel exploded inside her, his warm seed filling her insides.“148, 149, 150,”His cum spurted into her.“151, 152,”His body went limp, and he collapsed on her back.“153, 154, 155,”Andrea was barely conscious, her eyes closed and her chest rising and falling rapidly. Gabriel pulled out and rolled onto his back. He turned his head and looked at her. Andrea was on a different plane as her body gyrated on the wand.“156, 157, 158,”“Mon amour,” he said, kissing her back as her body tightened, and she let out a loud moan of pleasure.Andrea felt the most intense orgasm she had experienced in a long time. She held her breath, enjoying every sensation as it waxed and ebbed over her goose-pimpled body. Gabriel slid the toy out and held Andrea in his arms.“I love you, Mon Amour,”Andrea smiled. “I love you, too,” she said sleepily,Gabriel got up, released her cuffs, and held her hand in his. “Thank you, Mon Amour, for this day,”“Thank you for showing me that I have neglected my marriage.”“We are married, Mon Amour, and you have not neglected anything,”“Thank you, Gabriel,”