For the first time in well over a week, we made love. I had surgery one week ago, and the health problems leading up to the procedure had seriously cramped my style. We were both missing each other’s bodies. After I had been out of the hospital for three days, we decided to give sex a try. We are VERY glad we did!My wife showered first, and when she reached out for her towel, I yanked open the shower curtain.“Hey!” she complained. “Why did you do that?”“Because the sight of my naked wet wife is one of my favorite sights on Earth,” I replied.“Well, give me my towel,” she demanded. “I’m freezing!”I could tell she was cold because her sexy nipples were in their “ripe raspberries” condition.I showered quickly and then I turned on the halite lamps in our bedroom. My wife was sitting on the bed in an unintentionally sexy pose. She really doesn’t get how sexy she is.We’ve been talking about taking a tropical vacation or tropical cruise when my health can handle it, so I turned on a YouTube video of a beautiful tropical beach with gentle waves rolling in under a turquoise sky.“See, Melodie,” I told my wife, “if we can’t go on a Caribbean or Mexican cruise or vacation right now, we can at least pretend we are there, making love on a secluded beach!”She laughed, and we began some very deep and loving kisses.“Ouch!” exclaimed Melodie in mid-kiss. “You missed a spot on your chin right there.” She rubbed the stubble.“Oops! You’re right!” I said and jumped up to go do a more thorough job of shaving. My wife can’t stand kissing stubble.When I came back, she welcomed me back into her arms—as soon as she checked my chin. The kissing only got better! I also began to gently massage her big beautiful left breast as we kissed. Then “the girls” both got my oral and manual attention. Next, I applied coconut oil and Aloe Cadabra Cherry Lemonade flavored lube, joking that now her pussy had cherry flavor right where her first cherry had been before we married! She rolled her eyes but chuckled as well.I handed her our mini-wand vibrator, and we took turns pushing the bulbous head just inside her pussy’s entrance. The first time I did it, she gasped at the sensations.Melodie had “the look” badly (which was not a surprise since she had not cum in over a week and a half). I know I say this in nearly every true story I write for MH, but I honestly think that seeing the attractiveness of your spouse—especially after decades have gone by—is one of God’s Spiritual Gifts given to good married couples who are trying their best.Several times during this lovemaking session my eyes traveled up and down my wife’s voluptuous body, and I was nearly overwhelmed that I was getting to do this very pleasurable bonding-loving activity with my beautiful Melodie.Back to my story: Melodie next asked me to roll onto my back so she could (and I quote) “have my fun sucking your nipples!”“We missed the last holiday fellatio because of health issues,” I reminded her. (Our deal is oral sex for me on holidays or special occasions. I give her oral more often, but she isn’t always in the mood for that.)So after giving me particularly nice oral loving on my nipples and cupping and gently squeezing my balls while I pumped my very aroused rod, she switched her oral attentions to my erection.I don’t know how she does this, but it’s never the same; each oral sex session is always different, and I swear they are getting better and better. I’d tell you what she did this time, but I really don’t know. And she won’t tell.“I have to keep my secrets,” she says. Oral sex is often not her thing, but once she gets started she excels at it and she knows it!Her small mouth engulfing my long erection was just amazing. She pumped the lower half of my cock with one hand as her mouth performed one of the ultimate pleasures of marriage.Finally, she pulled off and asked, “Can you go inside me?”“Of course,” I said.I forgot to mention that Melodie didn’t want me to cum in her mouth today. I also wanted to give her her “present” deep inside her pussy, her term for my semen. So, I slid into our X position with us at right angles. I was on my right side facing her open pussy as Melodie lay on her back and applied her Doc Johnson looped-handle vibe to her clitoris.Before I could plunge into my wife’s aroused love tunnel, I got tangled up in my oxygen tubing, and my erection waned some. The solution was to slide my body up to her left side and devour her left raspberry. I was fully hard again in 30 seconds, so I slid back down to X position.The feeling of my erection being caressed by Melodie’s pussy as I plunged up inside her is amazing. I pumped away as my left hand caressed and gently pinched her nipples. Eventually, I had an explosive orgasm, delivering her present. (The first time we successfully made love on our honeymoon, my Melodie said my cum up inside her felt like a present to her from me.)So I came, but Melodie wasn’t there yet. Over the next very pleasant half hour, we had a lot of fun getting her to her climax. I first scooped a good bit of our creation from her leaking pussy and rubbed it onto her nipples. Then I devoured them.Since her nipples look and even feel a lot like ripe raspberries, I told her, “Mmmmmm! Yummy cherry lemonade protein shake! With raspberries!”She snickered and groaned a little from my joke, but soon she was sighing from all the ways I was loving on her. I easily inserted her G-spot vibe since I had added haploid lube from my testes. Then she buzzed her clit with her powerful little Sensuelle vibrator while I loved manually and orally on her nips. A few months ago, I discovered how nice it feels to us both to rub the palm of one of my hands on one nipple as I suck on the other, so I did that for a while.At one point, I gave her oral on just her clitoris with the G-spot vibe buzzing her inside her pussy. After I removed the vibe, I licked both her vulva and clitoris. I also knelt beside her to do “tip on nip.”Except when I was licking her pussy and clitoris, she was buzzing her clit. Her back was arching and her breasts swelled, looking and tasting even sexier. I scooped more protein shake out from around the G-spot vibe and re-flavored her raspberries. Then lingually “cleaned them off” even more vigorously, and she arrived at her climax!“I’m coming!” she gasped out in a raspy whisper as jolts of orgasmic lightning shot through her entire nervous system.Many times during this 1/2 hour to 45 minutes, I was pumping my rod as I licked, sucked, and tongue flicked her nipples. “Tip on nip” is me rubbing my glans on her nipple as I masturbate. Plus, licking our protein shake off of her raspberries had me intoxicated with sexual passion. So I was hard again. But please remember that I had only been home from the hospital for three days. So we ended with her lips on my nips as I pumped myself to a second explosion of orgasmic bliss.Melodie said, “Ohhh, you came everywhere!” She started to point out globs of cum in various places. It was terribly sexy!We verbally expressed our love and gratitude for each other. I told her I had gazed at her beautiful nude body several times during this lovemaking session and how amazed I was that I had the opportunity to make love to her. I also said, “The sex is so much better because you are so kind and patient with me through all my health problems.”“The feeling is mutual!” she insisted. (She also has major health challenges including treatable cancer.)Yet in spite of, and BECAUSE of all we’ve been through together, our lovemaking has never been more fulfilling! We thank the Lord daily for being together still in mortality.A final note, we didn’t go on a tropical vacation or cruise recently, but we HAVE done both multiple times in the past. So, to you, we wouldn’t really look like the young attractive couple in this photo. But we see each other that way, especially when we make love to each other! Maybe one day we WILL make love on a tropical beach. I hope so.