My wife Lily and I live very close to the airport. This is convenient not only for us but friends traveling. We have a spare bedroom across from ours. Often, we let friends stay over before or after flights to avoid the long commutes at odd hours. One couple in particular traveled often, and asked to spend the night before flying to Jamaica. As it turns out, they would be over on Valentine’s Day. Lily had asked if I would be ok with their presence for dinner. My only reply was as long as it didn’t take away from our Valentine’s Day tradition!This couple is a bit older than us, they actually mentored us and the husband (a pastor) married us. We have been friends with them since we were dating, and our conversations can be very frank. Nothing is off the table, and sex is often discussed. They have been a good example of healthy married sex to follow. I expected we would be asked how our marriage was going in that regard at dinner. I let Lily know, so she’d have an answer, and she turned bright pink.“What will you say tonight? That after dinner you’re going to take me as soon as the door’s closed?”I just smiled, and gave her a quick squeeze on her butt. I had been planning the evening for a while. We probably weren’t the only ones looking forward to the night.Our friends, Than and Mary, came over for a delicious dinner, complete with chocolate fondue desert. The conversation was fun as always, and everyone was having a great time. I know Lily was waiting for the “marriage checkup”, but it came about in a different way than I anticipated!“You know, this is the longest we’ll have been away from the kids in a while. It’s sure changed now that they’re in their teens.” Mary’s eyes twinkled, as she continued. “Our “alone time” just isn’t the same now that they’re old enough to know what we’re actually up to!”Lily turned pink already, but I knew she wasn’t uncomfortable. Lily actually knew quite a lot about Mary’s bedroom tastes. I had Mary to thank for a lot of our honeymoon experience thanks to that!“So that’s why it’s a Valentine’s trip, huh?” I asked Than, and he looked at Mary.“Sure is, I even booked the honeymoon suite this time. And maybe packed some extras for us.”They weren’t shy about anything, but I was glad they could be forward. We had learned a lot from them about their healthy sex attitude.“Oh? Extras? Maybe Mary should give Lily the rundown.”“I’d be happy to. I just need to figure out when he brought quite a lot of items my husband’s tried on me!”Mary laughed, and I could feel my penis twitch. At this rate, I knew Lily would be soaked by the time we went upstairs. I hoped it wouldn’t show, but the thought of Than and Mary seeing her that way did excite me.We hadn’t ventured into sex toys, but we had discussed it a few times. A regular fantasy of mine was Lily taking my penis and a dildo at the same time. Lily was open to it, but couldn’t decide on what to begin with. I decided I’d have to ask Than how exactly they had started with the toys.“Speaking of that, how are you two doing in that regard?”Than was genuinely making sure our sex life was healthy. We all knew it to be so important to our marriage. I looked at Lily, noticing her breasts, and replied first.“Oh, I think we’re doingquitewell. Lily is a very generous wife!” She blushed, but smiled back at me.“We are, but it sounds like there’s more to teach us!”I was surprised, but Lily was clearly excited. Mary and Than glanced at each other, and Than looked at us both.“Well, you know we’ve always been open with you, just let us know!”Mary interjected, “Is that big mirror still in the guest room?”It was, and I couldn’t help but think about them on our guest bed, enjoying the view.“Maybe that’s something you should try…” she followed up.Lily blushed again, turning ever so slightly in her seat.“Why’s that?” she asked.Than smiled, and asked if I was a visual person. Lily nodded, her breath increasing ever so slightly.“Well, I’m sure you’ve been in a position where you can’t see your husband’s face before.”This was true. Lily on her knees in doggy might be our favorite position. Mary’s too, I suspect.“Try in front of that mirror next time, you’ll see. That’s the lesson!”He winked at Mary, and the conversation moved on. But it was hard to focus on anything but our spouses, and I knew we could all feel it.It wasn’t long after when we finished up desert, cleaned up, and were heading upstairs. As we split off to the bedrooms, I noticed Mary didn’t close the door all the way. I assumed they would soon notice.By the time our door was shut, my cock was quickly growing to its fullest. I could see Lily’s nipples at attention under her shirt. One look at each other and our clothes were quickly off.“How hot is it that they’re doing the same thing?” Lily grinned, and took my cock in her hand.“He’s probably inside her already, you have no idea how much Mary craves his cock.”I couldn’t belive it, Lily really did know everything about her.“She’s such a slut for her husband.” I grinned back, reaching down between her legs. My fingers slid into her pussy with ease, her legs dripping from her wetness.“Seems like I have my own little slut wife right here.” Lily moaned, and I took her over to the bed.“You’ll get to cum in a moment, but I need to be inside you, now.”Lily’s pussy and thighs glistened, I knew she was more than ready for a pounding.I pushed her down, lifting her legs above my shoulders. Her eyes widened as I lined up my cock, now throbbing. A small amount of cum was leaking out, just enough to wipe up with my finger.“Open up, this is just a taste.”Lily smiled, and her tongue cleaned off my finger. Right as she did, I pushed deep inside her. I had planned to catch her off guard, and it worked. A cry escaped her lips, followed by a long moan as I pulled out and thrust in again. Suddenly she remembered we had company, and flushing red covered her mouth. I didn’t let up, thrusting hard each time. I dropped her legs, one hand moving to her clit and the other to her breasts.“You dirty slut, you want them to hear you take cock like that?”I was incredibly aroused, and I could feel her hips bucking back to meet my thrusts.“You think you can take me like your friend Mary takes cock?”Lily’s eyes were still wide, but at that she started thrusting even harder.“Cum in me, give me that cock big guy, give it to me harder, harder!”She was desperate now, her last word cut off as I rammed home again. I was rubbing her bright red clit in the circular pattern I knew she loved. She couldn’t resist, and I pulled her hand away from her mouth as an orgasm swept through her. I smiled, knowing that the walls weren’t thick enough to contain Lily’s pleasure. But I wasn’t done yet, although I pulled out, getting a pout from Lily.“Oh no, tonight it’s going where we can all see.”She moaned again, my thumb still lightly circling her pussy lips. My first two fingers plunged in her again, and I removed them coated with her juices. Lily knew what to do, opening her mouth to receive them. Licking me clean once again, I gave her a deep kiss. I could taste her pussy on her tongue. My cock throbbed as I imagined her mouth dripping with my semen.Suddenly, we heard in the brief rest muffled noise across the hall. We glanced at each other, both thinking the same thing. I pulled Lily up, and we tiptoed towards the door. Our room and the hall were dark, having turned the lights off on our way in.“No way they’re still going.” Lily said, followed up my a look of admiration.“You go Mary, take the man.”The moans continued, followed by some muffled screams. I was sure a pillow was being used, but she was a loud one. Slowly, I opened the door. We peeked into the hall, Lily in front of me. My cock, still hard, shoved between her cheeks, one hand around a breast. Looking at their door, I almost came on my wife right there. They hadn’t closed it, and in the dim light from a nightlight we could see them both. Lily gasped, but this time I covered her mouth.Mary was on all fours, facing the mirror, a pillow in front of her. Than was behind her, one hand on her hips, another wrapped in her hair. He was thrusting into her deep, and her boobs were swinging front to back.“Than, Than, keep going, give me that dick, fill me up!”Mary was vocal now, begging for cum. Than increased his pace. I reached for my wife’s pussy, now dripping. She was playing with both her nipples, and I knew we would both cum right there. My fingers increased their pace, while I ground against her ass with my rod. I knew if I bent her over, we’d be noticed right away. Lily’s never taken cock silently! As we watched, Than pulled out, pausing for a moment. Mary stayed on her knees, breathing hard, breasts heaving. Than moved back, and we could see her pussy drip, with cum and her own wetness.“That’s not her first load tonight, you were right” I whispered to Lily. She pressed back, and moved a hand to join mine between her legs.Than came back into view, a small paddle in his hand.“You want my cum, take it” he said quietly.I was on the edge, Lily’s knees were shaking from the view and continued stimulation. I was almost holding her up, and I knew she would be coated in my cum soon. Than smacked her ass once, twice, then slammed his cock home into her once again. A third smack and Mary couldn’t keep quiet. A loud scream of pleasure, followed by another as Than took both her tits and pulled her onto himself, hard. He was pounding her, and I knew this was it.I took my hand off Lily’s mouth, bending her forward at the waist. My own cock pushed in, and I instantly came. Cum flooded her as she let out a long moan. I held her hips, feeling cum drip down both our legs. Right as she did, we looked up. They had heard it too, both looking into the mirror. They didn’t turn around, but Mary moaned again, turning into laughter.“Just cum already, Than, they got a good show!”Than thrust a final time, and pulled back just as his ejaculation shot cum on her back, pussy, and legs. They looked at us again, turning this time, and smiled. Lily was nearly on the floor, legs gleaming from wetness in the light.“How’s that for a lesson?” Than asked.