Writer’s Note: We are all adults here today. Please pass on to your children any of these thoughts you find appropriate.We have just ended the penitential season of Lent and are now in the season of the resurrection, the Easter Season. After confession and repentance of our sins comes the salvation of Easter.At the end of the age, the resurrected body of the elect will be raised to eternal life (and the unrepentant to eternal damnation.) This means that the body ceases to be a limit of time and space, and its capacity for communion remains.We make our life our own when we don’t have to deny our personal histories; we just situate it in the death and resurrection of Christ, and we get humility and courage from the Risen Christ to continue in holiness.The Resurrected Christ bears the marks of the crucifixion, and so will the bodies of those resurrected to eternal life bear their wounds. It would only be fitting that these wounds and scars somehow remain in the glorified resurrected state, as in the case of the wounds of the risen Christ.Following a long tradition, the wounds of the martyrs should be considered marks of honour and virtue rather than deformities. Wounds and blemishes are apparent, yet the appearance is so glorious that a resurrected person might not be immediately recognisable to friends and loved ones.Jesus’ resurrected body is not entirely the same as the one that went into the tomb. This resurrected body is often not recognized as Jesus. Mary mistakes him for the gardener, two disciples walk several miles with him on the road to Emmaus without realizing who they are talking to. He appears inside rooms without having used doors or windows to get there. The resurrected body of Jesus is both the same and different from the body that was placed in the tomb.The great question of Easter is not so much whether the resurrection happened long ago but rather, so what if it did? What has the resurrection of Jesus way back then got to do with me now? Isn’t life still the same as it was?—– —– —–I want to emphasize not to obsess about your body and sexuality. We need to be balanced between our spiritual and physical sides. Do spend some time with your hands between your legs, enjoying your sexual self, but not the whole day. Exercise is good for you, but you don’t run the whole day—you still need to pray, eat and serve God through charity and good relationships, especially those of your family.John 4:24: “God is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in truth.”James 1:27: “Religion that God our Father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress and to keep oneself from being polluted by the world.”Proverbs 31:8-9: “Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, for the rights of all who are destitute. Speak up and judge fairly; defend the rights of the poor and needy.”Pray, and study the Bible and holy writings.—– —– —–The Lenten Season was a period of abstinence, almsgiving and fasting. We have learned that fasting and abstinence was not related to just food, but bodily pleasures as well.In Exodus 19:15, the Lord asked the people to abstain from sexual relations just before Moses led them to the foot of the mountain to meet God.In 1 Corinthians 7:5, Paul asks us to abstain only for a period of prayer, and then resume sexual relations. To put it another way—my apologies for the crudeness of my language— husbands, after the fast, fuck your wives. Unless for a legitimate reason, you want to avoid conception at this time. In those cases, God has given us alternatives, such as non-penetrative sex and masturbation. Like food, being horny and having orgasms is good for you, whether achieved together or solo.The church takes this seriously for its common prayer, Thanksgiving service and sacrifice. Over time, the period of time asked for the pre-thanksgiving service fast has varied, from the night before, three hours, to one hour. Also, on special days such as Good Friday, a longer period was asked for.In the aforementioned passage from Exodus (19:15), fasting is commanded not just from food, but sex as well, including masturbation.That means no food, or sex, including masturbation. But afterwards, particularly on Sundays, as it is the day of Christ’s resurrection, particularly Easter Sunday, we feast. Rejoice! After the fast is the time for feasting, and sex, especially masturbating oneself. Food and orgasms.Jesus defended his disciples for not fasting because He, the Bridegroom, was with them, Mark 2:19, Luke 5:34, Matthew 9:15. He (Jesus) added that they will fast when he is no longer with them.Just to clarify, there is no mention in scripture or tradition that connects Jesus to masturbation, either for or against—it is silent. Nor anything about his mother Mary, who is the holiest of all women, except in the Song of Songs/Solomon, the description of the flawless Shulammite connects her to Mary, thus implying that pure and chaste Mary was a woman of masturbation. (See some of my other thoughts on the Shulammite and the Song here: https://marriageheat.com/2013/06/28/solomons-bride/#comment-60344)Repent of your sins. Be pure.1 Cor 6:20: “Glorify God in your body.”Romans 12:1: “Offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God.”When it comes to sex, sins are adultery and fornication. We are to look after our bodies, eat healthy foods, exercise, get enough rest and have orgasms.To be holy and pure is to offer up your body via self-masturbation and marital sex with your spouse.And for those who are married and contemplating marriage, we have testimony after testimony of how being people of masturbation benefits their marriages.In Genesis, before the fall, some theorise that masturbation was in Adam’s life in his original holiness. See more thoughts on the matter here:(https://marriageheat.com/2022/01/16/un-cursed-bliss-a-fictional-imagination-of-adam-and-eve-part-two/#comment-57314)(https://marriageheat.com/2014/03/28/tearing-fence/#comment-60437)(https://marriageheat.com/2017/08/16/became-sexually-alive/)(https://marriageheat.com/2020/11/11/five-decades-of-masturbation/)(https://marriageheat.com/2023/05/07/confessing-masturbation-brought-us-closer/)—– —– —–Deuteronomy 24:5: “If a man has recently married, he must not be sent to war or have any other duty laid on him. For one year he is to be free to stay at home and bring happiness to the wife he has married.”“Happiness” is a euphuism for pleasure, including sexual pleasure, i.e. give your wife orgasms. It highlights the importance of sex in marriage, not just sexual intercourse, but also with the mouth and hand.Do not forget, that marriage includes the promise of children. Therefore a healthy Christian marriage includes both masturbation and sexual intercourse open to life.—– —– —–ClothingDeuteronomy 22:5: “A woman shall not wear a man’s garment, nor shall a man put on a woman’s cloak, for whoever does these things is an abomination to the LORD your God.”In God’s design, we are distinctly male and female. Therefore, a woman should not try to look male, and neither should males try to look female.As Christian women, we should be an example of beautiful femininity to our daughters, our nieces, our sisters in Christ, and our lost world. We should be gloriously womanly.We have asked men to dress as men—dress up for church. Trousers, shirts, no T-shirts and jeans unless that is all you have. Maybe wear a tie, vest, or/and a suit.Some cultures have a skirt-like garment that men wear, such as a kilt or lava-lava—that is fine, that is menswear.Women, dresses, skirts, show your figure, no bra if you don’t need one. A sheer or quarter-cup bra is an option, don’t deliberately suppress your nipples. Partly see-through is okay. What we do ask is that during the service, if your top is such that it can be clearly seen that you are, or are not wearing a bra, you may wear a wrap, shawl, cardigan, jacket or other such cover.The little extra cover is to help us focus the time of our worship services on God, otherwise, we may be a distraction to each other—both men and women.We were asked what Adam and Eve wore. It is believed that God gave them apron-like garments. Genitals were covered and top not. You see that in the dress in tropical countries. Loincloth, skirt or wrap is the only thing worn, both men and women are topless, and therefore breasts are exposed. That does seem to align with the minimal dress standard expected of Christians. Do not expose your genitals in public.Some of the girls suggested that that meant they could be topless—some boys agreed to that. Alas no. Some places that would be appropriate, such as the beach or swimming pool. Also in the tropics, where native dress is topless. But in our Western culture, in general wear and in church, breasts are to be covered.If unsure what this means, talk to us. I give you an example:Michelle asked what she should do. She had been wearing a padded bra with her A-cups, complaining that God had not been generous to her. First, we explained that as an A or a D, one is not more generous than the other. God’s generosity is in giving our bodies including our sexuality, not in the size he gives us. So we helped her with her wardrobe. We are pleased to honestly say that Michelle has not worn a bra to church for at least a month and all her tops have been snug across her breasts revealing their beautiful shape. Yes, her breasts are small, but her natural treasures are more visible, especially her nipples. During our services, she wears a shawl or jacket over the top, but afterwards, she removes them. Michelle said she feels more feminine and she looks it too. One bonus of being more feminine is a boost to her libido, she has been masturbating herself more often. Especially on Sundays after her morning fast and our worship.Now is the time to break your fast. Rejoice in the Lord, glorify God in your bodies, offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God. Take time to masturbate yourselves, rejoice in the gift of sexuality that God has given you, enjoy your orgasms, they are a gift from God to you. If you have a spouse, also fuck, do both, masturbate yourselves first as a personal offering and thanksgiving to God, and then fuck.All Glory to God, through Christ our Lord. Happy Easter.