Over 37 years of marriage, I have gently pushed my wife’s boundaries from vanilla to kinkier sexual activities that she has grown to love—she has even asked for them from time to time. Recently, I asked my wife if she had any fantasies she’d like to explore. She laughed and said no! But my wife has a fascination with storms, especially thunder and lightning. When it’s storming outside, she often gets horny, and we make love in the bedroom with the widows open. Things have gotten a little wet on several occasions, and not just from the rain!A few years back, our patio gazebo had fabric curtain sides we could draw closed. This gave me an idea! As a storm brewed, I set up my massage table, candles, music, warm lotions, and lubes inside the enclosure. When the sky began to darken, I asked my love to join me on the deck.My wife’s eyes lit up with excitement as she gazed around at the setting. After she disrobed and lay on the table, I gave her a sensual massage while the wind gusts blew harder and the rumbling thunder got closer. Starting at her shoulders, I slowly massaged down her beautiful body. I timed my attention to her intimate parts perfectly so that her orgasmic screams collided with the roaring thunder.Once I had satiated my multi-orgasmic wife, we made love on top of and bent over the table. We could feel the rain pelting our naked bodies as we came together. Afterward, we realized the top of the gazebo had vents that allowed the blowing rain into our outdoor sanctuary. We laughed so hard; we enjoy mixing laughter and lovemaking. Later as I reminisced about the evening, I wondered if the lights from the candles allowed the neighbors to see our naked silhouettes banging the sh-t out of each other!Since then, our sex life has progressed to frequently using toys, light bondage, playful spanking, and anal play. But my wife still loves storms. To this day, when she sits on the deck listening to the storms, she often talks about how wonderful that night under the pergola was. Since that night, we had to remove the fabric sides due to their age, and she often comments that she really misses those curtains.Well, that got me thinking about how I could take it up a notch. How could we make love in the rain and add in the new love of kink? I thought about putting ropes and cuffs over a tree limb to keep her arms suspended or staking her to the ground with chains and cuffs. But I nixed those ideas—not too safe! I could imagine the news if we were caught doing that! Wow! Our kids would be upset! Finally, after months of various ideas, I devised a plan.First, I had to wait patiently for the perfect stormy night. There had to be rain, thunder, and lightning (but not too close.) I purchased a blow-up mattress, downloaded a local weather app, and watched the local news intently as I waited for that special storm. Finally, in late June, I followed the thunderstorm forecast for that night.Before the storm struck, I snuck around the house, getting everything ready. First, I blew up the mattress and placed it in the backyard between two trees next to our 6-foot privacy fence, scanning the surrounding neighbors’ yards and houses to ensure there was no line of sight. We are not into exhibitionism! Next, I got the cuffs and lube ready (no chains; remember—safety first.)  Then I spent the rest of the early evening kissing and flirting with my beautiful bride. As night fell and the distant rumbling began, I intensified our foreplay while she remained unaware of the surprise I had in store.As we entered our bedroom, she probably expected a night of fun with the windows open. Little did she know what awaited her! We began kissing and undressing each other and then lay naked on the bed. As I covered her with kisses, she exploded with her first orgasm of the evening.I pulled her up by the hand and said, “Let’s go outside!”“Naked?” she replied.“Yes, why not? It’s dark.” We have made out naked in the pool during rainstorms before, so this wasn’t something brand new for her.When we got outside, it was surprisingly bright. The low-level clouds were reflecting light from the neighborhood! Well, this added another level of excitement. As I led her by the hand, she questioned where we were going. Then she saw the blow-up mattress and laughed with excitement and some trepidation.“When did you get that out here?” she asked. She was a bit hesitant, questioning in her mind if the sky was too bright and the neighbors might see us! But she quickly relented.I laid her down, picked up the leather cuffs, and placed them on her ankles and wrists. Just the feel of the soft cuffs against her skin is a turn-on for her. I began to pour the silicone lube over her luscious breasts and stomach. Then I put more lube on my hands and started kissing and caressing her body. The silicone lube repelled the water, so the raindrops beaded all over her—an amazingly erotic sight! The shimmer of her skin with raindrops forming all over her mesmerized me.Lying on her back, my wife could look up at the sky, watch the lightning in the distance, and feel the rain on her face and body. The wind blowing through the trees just added to the erotic setting. I moved further down her body, letting my tongue explore and caress her pussy while slipping a finger or two inside her, and she immediately had an intense orgasm while she pulled and tugged on her nipples.As she was coming down from her euphoria, I let my fingers slide slowly from her pussy and placed one at her rosebud entrance. I then went back to devouring her pussy. She relaxed, and my finger effortlessly slipped in. She seemed to be in nirvana while I moved my finger inside her feeling her velvety walls. Her entrance began to spasm as she approached another orgasm. I started sucking on her clit as she began moaning and gasping, cumming repeatedly. I started to worry that even with the sounds of the storm, the neighborhood might hear her!As I pulled away, she looked at me with pure lust. Without a word, I knew what she wanted next, so I lined up my cock and entered her in one full stroke, bottoming out against her cervix. As I flexed inside her, she started to tremble, bit into my chest, and screamed as she came again. We made love as the storm raged above us. But even in our orgasmic bliss, we realized the storm was getting stronger, so we got up and ran into the house, laughing as we dried off. We finished our lovemaking in our bed.Late into the night, she asked me, “When did you come up with this plan?” I explained that I had been planning it for months, and we shared more laughter as we talked about all the ways the situation could have gone wrong. I can see the headline now: “Couple Dies in Back Yard during Kinky Sexcapades!” (Our greatest wish is to die in each other’s arms with kink all around us just to embarrass our kids and neighbors!)My wife thanked me for making a fantasy that she didn’t even realize she had come true. Husbands and wives, listen to your spouses! They may be telling you about hidden desires they don’t even know they have!