Mr. and Mrs. Pearce were a little disappointed that their daughter wouldn’t have the big wedding they wanted for her, but her happiness was more important.  Besides, time was too dear.  When Ann and Ed reached the house, they found Mr. Pearce had arrived and explained the situation to his wife.  She was surprised and pained that Ed was called back to military duty, but overjoyed for her daughter’s romance.  The four discussed wedding plans.  Ed wanted to call a preacher or a judge and marry Ann right then, but her parents said she needed a few hours to prepare.  Ann silently thanked them; she realized she wanted to be at her best for this precious man.  Though, she also admitted to herself, she wanted him so badly she couldn’t imagine surviving this night.They agreed that the next afternoon would work.  The parents slipped to their room to let Ed say goodnight to Ann.  The parting was so strange and giddy and tender; Ann felt herself get weak when Ed kissed her with soft, slow gentleness.  He said it had to last her until they kissed at the wedding.  Then he left into the rainy night and she floated to her room.The minister and his wife were called at nine the next morning, and they delightedly promised to come over at whatever time the Pearces named.  A handful of close friends were invited too, including the Hodges.Ann had a pretty white silk dress that she’d bought in preparation for a musical event a few months out.  She decided to make it her wedding gown since she didn’t have time to buy a proper one.  Her mother helped her get ready and gave her a lovely string of pearls from her own jewel case.  Mr. Pearce came in a while later with a simple silver band, which he offered to Ann to give her groom.The ceremony was simple and short, held in the big parlor.  Guests sat on sofas and chairs.  It was quite informal, except for the moment Mr. Pearce led Ann in from an adjoining room towards the big window where the minister stood, and beside him, in a well-fitting suit, Ed.Once the vows were spoken and rings given, the minister spoke with great kindness to the new bride and groom.  “You are starting the journey of marriage at the same time that you face the conflict of war.  It will be rough at times, even unbearable.  For a season, you’ll be apart.  There will be doubts and loneliness and temptations.  But with the grace of God and the knowledge of His love, you will both endure.  Remember His love, for it alone will give you love for each other.  May He carry you both and prosper your union.  Ed, you may kiss your bride.”Ed’s eyes, bright and full of emotion, turned to Ann.  There was anticipation and some nervousness on her face, but she read the same on his, and it touched her.  They were in this together and it was sweet knowledge.  He bent his head, and as he drew her close, he met her lips with his.  Ann wanted time to stand still as their bond was sealed, not just by law, but by love.There was applause, the new couple walked out, and then Mr. Pearce announced a few refreshments in the dining room.  The guests all knew by now of Ed’s imminent departure and understood that he and Ann wanted as much time together as possible.  They were going to Ed’s apartment for their honeymoon.  Once Ann collected the suitcase she’d packed earlier, she and Ed said farewell to her parents and the guests and got in his car.“Do you think it was hasty?” Mrs. Pearce whispered, unable to keep back tears as her daughter, now a married woman, drove away.Mr. Pearce put his arm around her, his own eyes suspiciously shiny.  “No.  The Lord’s guidance was very clear.  Ed is a good man.  And she’ll be back with us soon.”Neither Ed nor Ann spoke much while they drove, but their hands were tightly clasped.  Ann was deeply, soberly happy—deeply because this glorious gift of married love was now hers, and soberly because she must soon let her husband go, perhaps into great danger.  Over and over she gazed at him, studying his profile, his hair, the muscles in his jaw and neck, aching to get close and take his clothes off and kiss every bit of his body.  All the things that happened in those erotic dreams were now possibilities, future realities.  She would see him the way he was in those nocturnal visions, sweating, naked, passionate, claiming her with his lips and hands and thirsting manhood.  At the thought, she blushed, then asked herself why.  It wasn’t wrong to think those kinds of thoughts now.  She was his wife, and he was her husband.  Joy of joys!When they arrived, Ed got out, opened her door, and fetched her bag.  “It’s not much of a honeymoon location,” he said gently, “but I hope you like it.”“It’s your home.  I already like it,” she assured him with a sweet smile.  He took her hand and they went into the building, climbed the stairs, and treaded down a carpeted hallway.  The last door on the left was Ed’s.  He unlocked and opened it, set her bag inside, then turned and lifted her in his arms.  She rested her head on his shoulder.  As he set her on her feet, he pulled her close, murmuring passionately, “My darling, I love you!” and then met her mouth with his.When she was able to back away a little, she also whispered, “I love you.”  She loved his kisses.  They were sweet and overpowering and made her feel like a cherished gem.  But… now they were free to go further.  Ed sensed her thoughts, and his hands caressed her body.“Ann, baby, I need you.  I want to make love to you,” he said in that husky softness that melted her.“Oh, I want it too! Please, let’s do it.  I want to be so close to you for every second we have together.”“Every second.  Yes, let’s make them count,” he assented, his hands straying to intimate places.They kissed deep and long while undressing each other.  Ann felt Ed pause once her clothes were off, and raising her eyes to his face, she saw that he was gazing at her with oddly wet eyes.“Baby! What’s wrong?” she asked tenderly, touching his cheek.“You’re so lovely,” he whispered, his eyes full of her.  Then he pulled her close, tucking her head into his shoulder, and kissing her hair over and over.  “Oh, Ann… how… how can I leave you?”“You’ll never really leave me,” she answered, turning so her voice wasn’t muffled.  “Our hearts are knit together, darling.  We are no more two, but one.  At least…” and she looked up at him shyly, “we will be when… you’re inside me.”Her words sent a spasm of delight and need through Ed’s groin, and he led her decisively to the bed.Though they both felt such a tender love for each other, their hunger for physical closeness was almost irresistible.  They touched and kissed and tried to melt into each other even before they ever fully consummated their love.  Neither was shy; there was no time for that now.  When Ed finally entered her, slow and patient, fighting with his intense lust for her, Ann cried out and pulled him in harder.For a moment they stayed like that, united in the deepest way humanly possible, their lips meeting over and over.  Ed’s hands stroked her silky arms and thighs, while she traced her fingers over his broad back and shoulders.“Oh, how I’ve longed for this!” she whispered, feeling tears rise to her eyes.  “Take me, Ed.”“Oh Ann…” and in that tempo as old as Eden, he claimed his bride.Remembering all those lonely nights, dreaming about her future husband and aching for his touch, Ann thought they were so worth it.  As Ed’s strong, masculine body moved over her, pressing into her slight, graceful form, she recalled those dreams.  They were pale and lifeless compared to what was happening right now.“Yes, Ed, yes! Make me all yours, forever!” she pleaded, working her hips against his.“Baby!” was all he could gasp out.  When she raised her legs and clamped them around his butt, he got close to spewing all his long-held semen in her right then, but he slowed down.“I love you,” she whispered, licking his chin.He met her tongue with his, then swiped it over her neck.  “And I love you.”  They tried everything they could think of to increase their closeness.  Every inch was touched or marked with sensual kisses.  Ann even pulled Ed’s head down into the crook of her neck and carefully bit his ear, then suckled it.  He groaned at that.Both admirably reined in their urge for release, considering they were so excited and this was their first time, but they wanted to make it last as long as possible.  Now and then they stopped, changing positions.  As a doctor, Ed was well-read on sexuality and took the lead in their lovemaking.  Ann was happy to let him.  He focused on pleasuring her and introduced her to several acts that would bring that to her.The first was when he drew out and backed up so his mouth was in line with her sopping entrance.  Her scent made him drunk.  It was rather musky, and if he’d been a green youth, he might have been repulsed. But he was a seasoned, educated man who knew what the female body could offer; besides, he’d waited so long to experience it.  With his heart pulsing with love and desire for her, he bent and licked her folds.  Ann quivered.“Oh… my… God!” she gasped.  She felt so exposed, so strange.  Never in her life had anyone seen her intimate parts.  Now a sexy, handsome man was lapping at her like she was a spring of sweet water.  The movements of his lips were incredible.  When he covered most of her vulva with his mouth and then tongued her clitoris, she screamed, her hips bucking.  Ed had to hold her thighs to keep her from knocking his teeth out.  He kept prodding at that little nub, then stroking down to her fragrant cavern and plunging his tongue as deeply as he could.  Finally, Ann couldn’t hold back, and the muscles in her pelvis went taut.  She felt herself gush.  Ed drank as much as he could, in disbelief at how much of her fluid had flowed out.“Oh! That was… so good!” she breathed.  She was red with blushes, which Ed loved.  It showed how modest she was.  He lunged up and caught her lips.“Do you taste your honey on my lips?” he asked huskily.She nodded.  “I like it.  Do you?”“I love it.  I could suck you dry,” he averred, his hands clasping her body.“Maybe it’s my turn to do the sucking,” she said coyly, her own hand sliding down his flat belly to his very hard penis.He almost convulsed when she touched it.  Hesitantly, since she was new to it, she circled the hot shaft with her hand and massaged it.  A groan from him told her she was doing it right.  He was still moist from being inside her a few minutes earlier, so she worked that wetness around.  She was bold enough to dip into her own petals for some of her natural lubricant, still flowing from her orgasm, and added it to the slick mixture coating his cock.“Ann… oh, baby… yes… that’s so… good…” Ed managed to push the words out.  His abs were tense, and his pectorals flexed beneath his smooth, sculpted chest.Ann then licked the tip, elated when he inhaled harshly.  She proceeded to suck him like a lollipop while her hand worked around the base.  Her other hand gently toyed with his balls.  The sensations were so stark and so tantalizing that Ed knew he’d erupt any second.  Then he figured that was what Ann wanted.  She had just enjoyed an orgasm and wanted him to have one too.  Her lovely lips and tongue were certainly going to town on him.  He gave in and drowned in the awesome feeling of his balls going taut and the fire shooting through his shaft.“Oh, yes…” Ann murmured when the first stream of creamy ejaculate burst from the corona.  She felt it on her tongue, and she noted the taste.  Surprisingly sweet.  Then she backed up a little and commanded, “Cum on my face, darling!”Of course, Ed was in the throes of climax and couldn’t have refused even if his life depended on it, so as he gasped and roared and furiously rubbed his cock, he watched in a daze as his semen ran in white rivulets down Ann’s face.When he’d gotten his breath back, he darted to meet her lips with his, catching some of his seed in the kiss.“Do you taste your cream on my lips?” Ann asked with a seductively-arched eyebrow, loving the rawness of the whole moment.“Oh God, it’s the steamiest thing I’ve ever done!” he exclaimed, still kneeling before her on the bed and kissing all over her face.  “Not a bad taste, if I may say so,” he added with a grin.  “I was not expecting that from you, baby.  Some women wouldn’t like that.”“I thought once I might not,” Ann admitted, “but now… I want every part of you, even the messy parts.”Ed reached for his discarded trousers and retrieved a handkerchief, which he used to wipe her face.  Then he pulled her down with him so they were in a close embrace.  “As I want you,” he responded.“You really want me?” Ann asked blissfully, gazing into his eyes.He smiled musingly.  “Ann, I have beendyingfor you.  I have to confess something: that night when I first saw you at the Hodges’ party, I almost fainted.  For years, I’d been having this dream about a girl, the girl I’d marry, and when I came into that room and looked over to see who was playing the piano so beautifully and saw the girl in my dream…” Ed gathered Ann’s hands in his.  “I knew you were the one, and it was a fierce struggle to not claim you right then and there.  I felt like my heart was finally waking up.”Ann’s eyes were sparkling with tears at his revelation.  “Oh, Ed!” she breathed in startled joy.  “I’d had the same dream! About you! God must have given us those dreams to help us wait for each other, so we’d know for sure we would find the right one.”“I thank Him that He did.  There were so many long nights,” Ed confided, his hand softly kneading her breast, “when I was in agony. I yearned to be married so much.  And those dreams got awfully graphic.”  He smiled, then touched his lips to hers.“So did mine,” she admitted, smiling against his mouth.  “Yet I think making love with you so far has been even grander than anything in those dreams.”At her words, Ed rolled her onto his warm, damp body, held her face, and said tenderly, “The Lord is good.  I prayed for that.  That I would satisfy you.  And good grief, how you’ve satisfied me!”“I can’t help just wanting to be with you, close to you,” Ann whispered, kissing him again.“As if I’d turn that down,” he rejoined with a small grin.  “We have to fill up for the months ahead, baby.”“Then fill me up, over and over,” Ann said passionately, edging back so she was grinding on his resurrecting cock.  “Every day you’re gone, I’m going to have to fall back on memories of tonight and the next two days.”“And when I get back, we’re not leaving this bed,” he said with husky authority.Ann smiled a little tearfully, thinking of the difficult days ahead without this man.  But she must make every second count.  In a minute, she was joined to him again in sweet, simmering lovemaking.