This post contains strong language (L).I wake, unsure of the time. I know the alarm hasn’t sounded yet. My husband, Greg, spoons against my back, his soft, fat cock tucked between my thighs.  I slide my hand down, and when I feel the tip, I stroke it as if it were my clit. Soon it swells, getting long and hard enough for me to wrap a couple of fingers around it. My hips begin to rock and my pussy and thighs help me work his cock. Heat and wetness build,  and his cock starts to slide between my thighs.Greg’s hand glides up my side and cups my breast, squeezing it firmly, and my body responds with a jolt. Then he reaches down to hook my thigh and pull it up towards my shoulder. His cock head presses against my pussy.  Quickly, my fingers push the fat mushroom into my opening, and the ever-incredible feeling of him entering me drags out a gasping moan.“Mmmm. Good morning, beautiful,” Greg says as he pulls out and thrusts back in, slowly but firmly. With his arm still under my leg, he squeezes my breast while his other hand, bent at the elbow under my neck, pulls my hair and head back. I moan, enjoying being taken like this.Greg’s warm, moist lips kiss and suck my neck.  He tugs my hair with his fingers to get me to turn my face toward his, then kisses me deeply and passionately, sucking my tongue as he starts thrusting harder and harder into me.“You look so beautiful, taking me like this, baby,” Greg tells me. “So hot and tight, milking my cock.”I can’t imagine it exactly, but I hear “Oh, yes. Yes, baby; fuck me.”  As Greg thrusts in and out, harder each time, I beg to be fucked.  I love how his big cock feels when he pounds my pussy so hard and deep. “Oh, yes—yesss!” I cry out as my pussy and body spasm.  Juices gush from my pussy with each thrust he makes.Greg starts fucking me much faster as I cum all over his cock. My body is still shaking from my orgasm when he lets out a long, primal groan, and his cock erupts in my pussy.  He pushes it deep into me, and my orgasm reignites. I cum again, and our cum mixes together.Wrapping me tightly in his loving arms, Greg murmurs, “I love you, Tami. Thank you, God, for blessing me with the most amazing wife, lover, and friend.”