This story contains strong language (L).Surfacing from the deep sleep that follows exhaustion, I felt my cock throbbing hard. I rolled over to reach for my wife groggily, but she wasn’t in bed. I scanned the room; the curtains were still drawn closed, and the bathroom was empty. So, I climbed out of bed and checked our baby’s room, but Matthew was still sound asleep.I looked over the hall banister and saw my sexy wife in the kitchen, wearing only a tiny apron while making breakfast. Of course, I went down to her, my hard cock leading the way.Mary Beth heard me enter as she took sausage from the pan. “Are you hungry, baby?” she asked without turning her head.I grabbed her from behind and wrapped my arms around her, squeezing out a surprised squeak. “I’m always hungry for you,” I growled in her ear. Then I spun her around and lifted her onto the island.My blushing bride giggled as she noticed my stiff cock already dripping for her. She locked eyes with me, and I pushed her legs wider apart and hooked my hands under her knees to pull her closer to the edge of the counter. Then, reaching down, she grabbed my cock and rubbed its slippery head up and down her pussy until she was nice and wet.“Stop teasing and put it in your pussy,” I told her, and she let out a long moan as her heels prodded my buttocks forward. My cock entered her hot center. “Mmmm. Fuck, you feel so good around me, baby. I love that sensation.”Mary Beth pulled my face to hers and kissed me as I slowly fed my entire length into her. As she held on around my shoulders, I slung her legs over my forearms to lift her knees higher, allowing me greater penetration.Once buried deep in her pussy, I slid my hands around and under her ass to cup and squeeze it as I lifted her. It allowed my cock to adjust within her and press harder against the very sensitive area just above her pubic bone. As we exchanged hot, wet kisses, I began to move her up and down on my cock. It felt incredible!Mary Beth started grinding and wiggling as best she could. “Oooh, yes, baby. Mmm-hmm, fuck your horny wife.”Her words drove me crazy; I started fucking her harder, our bodies slapping together. The extreme angle made her clit collide with my lower abs.“Yes! Ohhh, god, yes. Give me all your big cock, baby,” she said, her voice rising in pitch as her vaginal walls tightened around me. “I’m going to cum all over it.”I turned and propped her back on the wall, allowing me to pound up into her. She cried out in ecstasy as her pussy spasmed, milking my cock as her hot creamy juice flooded over and around it with each thrust.As my orgasm neared, it struck me that I’d never felt this insatiable desire for another. I realized how much God had blessed me with my best friend, mother to our child, and the most beautiful, amazing person. What’s more, she took all the sex I could give her and seemed to want more. Oh, this woman—my wife!I crushed into Mary Beth as my cock exploded, and hot cum shot up into her. Then, I sagged against her and kissed her passionately as our fluids seeped from around my cock. But eventually, I turned back around, laid her on the island, and slowly lowered her legs.My sexy, “slutty” wife smiled and moaned, gyrating and rubbing her tits as our orgasms waned. When I finally pulled out of her pussy, our cum gushed out. Cupping my hand beneath her slit, I caught a handful and raised it above her face, slowly pouring it down into her open and waiting mouth. She moaned and waggled her tongue until I’d emptied my palm, then closed her lips and drank it all down.All I could do was smile and tell her, “I must be the luckiest, most loved husband in the world.”Mary Beth rose onto her elbows. “Thank you for choosing me as your wife.”  Her serious look broke into a grin when she saw the beast between my legs flex and stir. She bit her lip—so sexy!—and lightly touched my cummy cock.My God, I thought as I smiled,she’s just as insatiable as me!