EDITOR’S NOTE:  This fictional story is from a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (1).  The terminology will be unfamiliar to many traditional Christians.  There are footnotes at the bottom of the story to help you understand the terms.  By the way, there ARE some Latter-Day Saints who are members of MH. MarriageHeat strives to be welcoming to all faiths who practice hot monogamy. Modern Latter-Day Saints of the main church do not practice polygamy. That practice was ended in 1890.Now to the story:“I want you to go to church wearing the new stretch cotton maternity garments (2). You know, the one with the deep V-neck. And no bra.”Meg gave me that look of, “What are you up to?” She knew she would comply with my request but she was nervous.Meg and I had married in the Bountiful Utah Temple (3)about six months ago, and then moved 1,100 miles away from our parents so I could go to a medical school in Missouri. As a personal wedding gift, I bought her the new maternity garments sold by Church Distribution (4)because I loved how they revealed more than the traditional garments. We both wanted children right away, so she would need them before long.“You’re kidding, right?” she asked. “I’m not nursing, and someone will notice!”“They will,” I replied calmly while knotting my tie. “And wear that wrap-around dress I like.” It’s Valentine’s red and probably the only dress she owns with any cleavage. She knew I was up to something.“No way. I’m not going to do that! That’s not a Sunday dress!”“Remember when you went to prom,” I said, “and you wore your prom dress to church the next day? If anyone asks, just tell them it’s our 6-month anniversary so you wanted to dress up.”“I didn’t have much of a choice after the all-night party and my parents forcing me to go to church,” she said. “Besides, I’m married now and have gained 15 pounds since high school and most of it in my chest.”I told her I wasn’t asking her to cheat on me. I just wanted to show off to the ward (5)what a beautiful wife I have. I also challenged her to six dares and she agreed to them.She wasn’t totally convinced, but church was starting soon. so we had to go. She got dressed just as I had asked. I didn’t say anything about how the wrap-around created a long slit up her leg that flashed her garments if she walked quickly. It reached below the knee when standing, so the dress appeared to be modest.We were running a little late getting out the door. When we got to the chapel, I parked in the third row in the back of the church parking lot, just so I could watch her as she rushed to get into the building. Her dress fluttering in the light breeze and the slit added to the excitement.I noticed Brother Wright was greeting everyone and holding the door. He was watching Meg as she rushed to the door, probably a little longer than he should have. Sister Wright also noticed and stepped between him and my wife.As we arrived at the chapel, our favorite row near the back on the left side was already taken. There were a lot of visitors, so we ended up sitting all the way at the front on the left. Brother Wright was now on the stand as a counselor in the bishopric (6).Because of where he sat and our location in the chapel, he was the only member of the bishopric that could see us. I noticed him glancing in our direction several times, especially when my wife would cross or uncross her legs. He clearly liked what he saw. Meg is 5’10” and danced with the BYU-Idaho (7)Collegiate Dancers Company. She has long silky-smooth muscular legs, my second favorite body part of hers. They were eye-capturing even when she wore jeans.It was then that I got an idea. I leaned over and whispered to my wife. “It’s time for our first dare. I want you to pull out your breast and expose your tit for ten seconds.”She looked at me with a little bit of fear in her eyes. She had agreed to do six dares for me but wasn’t expecting this to be the first one.“We’re on the front row, so nobody will notice. Everybody is behind us,” I added.I could tell she was thinking about it. There was nobody in the middle section beside us and the couple behind us were busy with their little children. She glanced at the speaker, an old high council speaker (8)who was reading his whole talk. He never looked up at the congregation. I don’t think Meg even gave a thought to the people behind the speaker on the stand.I slid over to be right next to her, our legs touching, and leaned in, putting my arm around her shoulder and creating a private space for her. “Go for it,” I whispered.She was clearly nervous. Her hand was shaking a little, as she uncrossed and crossed her legs again. She pushed her hair behind her ear and in one smooth move, her hand reached inside the dress and garment and pulled out one beautiful breast. She held her hand over her areola for a second while looking around, then dropped her hand to her lap.I whispered “one, two, three, four…”Her face was beginning to blush, and I could see it spread down her chest. I looked up at Brother Wright, he was looking right at her, but she didn’t notice.“Five, six, seven, … you’re almost done.” These few words added a few more seconds to the timer.“Eight, nine, ten. You’re awesome, babe. I love you.”She immediately raised her dress and garments to cover up. She was still shaking.“I’m wet,” she whispered to me. “That was so risky. I can’t believe I did that.”I looked up at Brother Wright. This time he noticed me looking at him. He looked like a kid caught stealing candy from a candy jar. I just smiled and nodded at him, and he began to relax. He smiled and nodded back at me.After the meeting ended, Brother Wright came down our aisle and said, “It was great seeing you in church today. I hope to see you again next week.” Meg didn’t catch what he was saying, and said, “Thank you.” I smiled and nodded. She then left to teach her Young Women’s (9)lesson, while I went on to teach my Valiant 10’s (10)After church, we slowly walked to the car holding hands. I opened her door for her and waited for her to scoot in, catching a brief glimpse of her legs separating and the slit exposing her garments several inches above the knee. I went around to the driver’s side, got in, and started driving home.“Did you notice Brother Wright today?”“Yes, he was holding the door for us when we arrived. Why?”“Did you notice him on the stand?” Her face went pale. I could see her mind replaying sacrament meeting (11)and what she had done. I reminded her of Brother Wright’s comment, “He hopes to see you again in church next week.”“Oh my God,” she said, partially in shock but also in excitement. “Did anyone else see me? I could never go back if they saw me.” I assured her he was the only one, and that he smiled and said he wanted to see her again.She shivered as a nerve running from her mind to her pussy began firing off. She was so turned on that she had been caught flashing that she reached her left hand over and grabbed the front of my suit pants. I was already hard thinking about church, Brother Wright, and my wife, and her being turned on by it all.“Let’s get home right now,” she said. As a recently married couple who were virgins before marriage, we were already fucking like rabbits. That day there was a new level to our fucking. It lasted all afternoon. I lost track of how many orgasms she had, but I know there was nothing left in my balls.I promised her we’d buy her another “Sunday dress.” Using our Amazon Prime membership, we bought two dresses with some cleavage, and a few toys to add to the one she already had, a dildo given to her by her grandmother at her wedding shower.It is funny to me that some people think we religious people have boring sex in our marriage.Mormons – common name for members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.Garments – undergarments that Latter-Day Saints receive for the first time in one of their temples.  Temple garments is another name for them.  Latter-Day Saints wear them except when doing activities that don’t make sense with that type of undergarments such as swimming, exercising, sports, or even sex. Maternity garments are designed for nursing mothers.Bountiful Utah Temple – located a few miles north of Salt Lake CityChurch Distribution Centers – where temple clothing and garments are soldWard – local congregationBishopric – three adult male lay ministers.  The bishop has two counselors.Church-owned university in Rexburg, Idaho, USAHigh council speaker – a speaker who represents the stake president and comes to the ward once a month to give a speech or talk.  The stake president is a lay minister in charge of several local wards.  A stake has around 5-8 wards usually.Young Women – church youth group for older girls such as teens.Valiant 10s – Primary class for children around 10 years old. Primary is kind of like kids’ Sunday school.Sacrament meeting – Sunday group meeting of all members of the congregation.