After Ron’s relocation to his company’s corporate offices, both he and Anne were pleased that this would likely be the last corporate transfer required of them. They bought a hectare of heavily wooded land and built their “retirement home,” hoping to never have to move again.After several months of getting settled in, Anne suggested they take a “Saturday morning off,” a term they had coined when they were newlyweds for pushing off all chores and devoting the whole Saturday morning to sex.Friday night, they slept naked—after all they were sort of playing at being newlyweds. Anne came to bed carrying a small towel from the bathroom, “just in case we need it.” Apparently, she didn’t think one of the small washcloths they kept hidden under the bed would be enough.She got under the covers and scooted her cold bottom against Ron for warmth. Ron smiled at the memory of being surprised early in their marriage by the fact that Anne’s bare rump was usually cold. She nearly always seemed to need him to warm it at night.They lay there spooning, enjoying the contact. Ron reached over her to hold one of her teats. He enjoyed its softness as he massaged it. Anne brought up her hand to cover his and snuggled more tightly against him. Peacefully, they dropped off to sleep.The next morning, Ron was the first to wake. He got up to answer nature’s call, and when he returned, he looked down at Anne still sleeping peacefully. In the night, she had kicked off most of the covers. He just stood there, enjoying the view of her naked on top of the sheets. She was framed in the early morning light, every bit as beautiful as she was so many years ago when they first married. Ron felt his love for her swell in his chest.Her dark hair formed a halo around her face. Her breasts rose and fell gently with each breath. Since she had been spending a lot of time working in the yard in her swimsuit, she had started to develop tan lines that contrasted with her normal white skin. Her brown nipples were surrounded by lighter skin which highlighted their shape.Ron’s gaze went from Anne’s teats down to the patch of dark curly hair in the middle of the light triangle made by her bikini bottom tan. Barely protruding from her pussy hair were her feminine lips. He stood there quietly, not wanting to wake her. But her vulva was tempting, and his typical male reaction to seeing his wife naked was rapidly developing a mind of its own.Anne’s voice startled him. “Well, you just going to look, or are you going to do something about what you see?” Ron looked up to see her smiling with a twinkle in her eye. He sat down on the side of the bed and reached over to rest his hand on her soft pussy hair, and she spread her legs to allow him easy access. As he stroked her, she rapidly responded with swollen pussy lips.As he felt her desire rise, he slowly separated her inner lips from the folds on either side. Her tiny clitoris became erect as he massaged it between his thumb and forefinger. “Slip the towel under me,” she said. “I have a feeling it may be necessary if I don’t want to have to change the sheets.”Grinning in anticipation, he got up and picked up the towel. As she raised her hips off the bed, he slipped it under her. “Now, where we,” she said, smiling. She separated her legs again so Ron could sit back down between them. Then he spread her pussy hair, fully exposing her “Lady Bits,” as he liked to call them.Ron started stroking her again. This time he traced the slit between her lips from her vagina to her clitoris. As he did, he covered her with her female lubricant. Her legs began to tighten and then to quiver. Her cheeks rose off the bed. Taking a deep breath, she came as the breath was forced from her lungs by the pulsating contractions. She was right about needing the towel. With each intense contraction, she ejaculated, not only soaking the towel but also splattering Ron’s chest. He chuckled delightedly at her squirting.After a dozen contractions, Anne relaxed in the peace of her afterglow. When he picked up the towel, Ron saw that she had ejaculated female fluids all the way over the towel; they would be changing the sheets in spite of her precautions. He got up, drying himself and her bottom with one of the washcloths from under the bed, then crawled back to spoon next to her.Anne scooted her bottom back against her husband. They lay there for a few minutes as Anne relaxed into a light doze. A few minutes later, she reached behind her to hold Ron’s erection. It immediately sprang back to full attention. He pushed her onto her back, supporting himself on his elbows and knees as he lay between her legs.Guided by her hand and lubricated by her recent ejaculation, Ron slid easily inside his wife and began to thrust. Her nipples grew hard again as he rubbed across them with his chest. She wrapped her legs around him, digging her heels into his cheeks as tightly as she could manage. Excited by foreplay and squeezed by Anne’s pussy hug, Ron pushed himself as deeply as he could inside her; then with a groan, he came. She could feel the pulses as he ejaculated over and over again, and it gave her a wonderful sense of satisfaction.Spent, he supported himself above her until his erection began to soften and he could feel his cum leaking from her vagina. Then he rolled off to the side. He rested his head on her teat with Anne’s erect nipple just touching the corner of his mouth.When they were newlyweds, during their Saturday mornings off, they typically relaxed for a bit before Ron would initiate a second round of “play time.” At this point in their marriage, they preferred these “mornings off” to end with cuddling, enjoying their love for each other—maybe with a little nap following sex.