I just got home from work.  When I came in, it was dark in the house. As soon as you heard me, you told me to close my eyes. With my eyes closed, you came up to me, grabbed my hand and walked me to a chair. I had no sense of where I was, but thought I might be in the bedroom. You told me to keep my eyes closed, and blindfolded me. Music began to play, and you were close. I could feel your dancing moves.I could also feel your hands running up and down my body. You reached my waistline, grabbed my shirt, and pulled it up above my head. You continue to dance, which felt like nothing but your bare skin touching mine. Now you kissed my neck, all the way down my stomach, and to the top of my pants. You slowly unbuttoned me to find my hard cock. Reaching underneath me, you grabbed my pants, and pulled them towards my knees. Slowly you continued to dance by me.My cock was throbbing and veiny as you grabbed it, and took it into your mouth. All while continuing to run your body all over me, skin to skin. As the music was ending, you ask me if I was ready for a show? To this, I responded that I feel like I already had one.  You said we’re just getting started.  You made me stay in the chair, blindfolded, while you crawled onto the bed.  The music began to play again, and you told me I could remove my blindfold.I did and found a dim candle lit room, and you on the bed in lingerie. With the music in the background, you had all my attention.  You slowly climbed to your knees, and pulled one side of your lingerie down. Then you slid your fingers along the other side, pulling both straps down to reveal your breasts.   Next, your fingers traced your panty line, and you rolled over on all fours, with your ass in the air. Only your thong and see-through lace covering your pussy from underneath remained.  Your hands working to the rhythm of the music continued along your panty line. You made your way up to your knees. Grabbing each side of your panties, you slowly removed them, revealing that ass.My cock continued to throb and I felt like I was in a dream.  In one motion, you rolled over and took your panties off of your feet. As they hit the floor, you pulled your knees up, revealing your pussy as you laid on your back.  As you lay there, naked, you slowly ran your hands down your stomach. With one hand grabbing your inner thigh, the other went to your pussy, and you gently rubbed yourself.Reaching the side of the bed, you took one of the candles which was an oil. Pouring some on your stomach,  we watched it run down to your pussy. You continue to play with it for me to watch.  You leaned forward and called me to the bed.  With a swipe across your stomach, you took your hand and grabbed my cock. Stroking it to lube me up, you told me to sit back down. You did say I could touch myself while I watched.Your hands were wandering over your whole body. One ran across your nipples. The other slid down and you put a finger inside your pussy.  I was stroking my cock while I looked on.   You crossed to the other side of the bed, moved the sheet, and grabbed your vibrator. Looking at me, you oiled it up like my cock, as if to make me jealous.  You slid it up and down your slit, stopping to let out a satisfying moan. I was in heaven, and you knew what felt best.Reaching back across the bed, you grabbed your dildo.   You used your mouth to put on a show. Or maybe just to show me what I was missing as you slobbered down the sides of it. Walking over to the mirror, you suctioned it on.   You grabbed more oil and stroked it as if to put on a show for me.  You came to me and pulled my chair closer to the mirror.  With the music still playing, you danced a little bit more. Then backing up, you slipped the dildo inside you to let it fuck you while you looked at me.  Sliding back-and-forth on it, you used your finger to beckon me closer, to take my cock in your mouth.I grabbed the vibrator and held it on your clit. You had another orgasm.  I grabbed your face and pulled you close so I could kiss you. Carrying you to the bed, I laid you on your back, and shoved my cock deep into you.  I began pumping faster and faster while I rubbed your clit. Knowing I was going to cum, I stopped. I buried my face into your pussy, tasting you and licking your clit.I stood up and put my cock inside of you again. Every stroke was complete pleasure, and Manna from heaven.  Finally I told you I wanted to cum on your face and tits.  You got off the bed and onto your knees in front of me and played with my balls. Running your hands all over me, I began shooting my hot load all over you.  With my cum running down your body, I pulled you up and we kissed passionately.