This post contains strong language (L) and includes anal play (A).My wife telling me her desires and fantasies has not always been easy for her, but it is a turn-on for me.  Randomly while making love, I will whisper hot and seductive things in her ear to rev her up. With time, she slowly opened up, and after having a few cocktails, has had the courage to tell me a few desires—but nothing too crazy. For instance, she loves watching me masturbate and cum all over myself. Then one night, she went above and beyond without words and showed me one of her most erotic turn-ons.Sometimes, it’s nice to have a visual when reading someone’s story, so I’ll tell you a little about my wife and I. My wife is a 5’6″ brunette with beautiful full breasts, tan slim body, and a beautiful face that everyone admires. There is not a moment I don’t want to lick and suck on every part of her body. I am 5’11”, brown hair with a little salt and pepper. Average stocky build with broad chest and shoulders. Average shape and what my wife calls a larger-than-normal penis. I don’t compare at the restroom urinals so I trust she is correct.We were camping at our seasonal campsite and after one night of drinking by the campfire with friends we turned in for the night. But we both knew neither of us were tired, just ready to get naked.  As we entered the 5th wheel I saw her head for the bedroom. I used the bathroom to get rid of the last few beers I drank. When I came out she was laying naked on the bed playing with her pussy and putting her left nipple in her mouth and licking it with her tongue. Enough said for me!  My pants were off before you could say “hold my beer”.   I immediately went head first into bed aiming for my target, that wet dripping box waiting for my tongue! She always tastes amazing.  I told her how wet she was as she moaned and continued to rub her tits and pinch her nipples. I reached up and took one boob into my hand and began twisting her nipple while sucking on her clit.  She began to push her pussy harder and harder into my mouth.  I continued working her clit between my lips and licking up the wetness before it went down to her ass. As a couple of moments passed I could tell she was about to cum. Then she said just that: “You’re going to make me cum!”I kept my momentum and soon she was gripping the sheets while thrusting into me. Then she let out a grunt and moan that seemed like extreme pain but just her refrain from letting the whole campground hear her pleasure. She let loose, and a gush of wetness went into my mouth as I continued licking her.  It tasted so good!Some of it ran down to her ass, so I let my tongue wander downward. Then I pushed her legs up to give me better access and began cleaning the wetness from her ass while rimming her.  When I pushed my tongue into her ass, she let out a long moan.I continued to pleasure her back door as she wound down from her climax.  Then I rolled off to the side with a screaming hard-on and started to stroke my cock.Without a moment to waste, she sat up and grabbed my cock, putting it in her mouth and vigorously sucking.  As she sucked, she played with my balls and randomly took my cock out of her mouth to suck them.  She then reached under my nut sack, rubbing her finger thru the crack of my ass.  It didn’t take long for her to find her target as she slowly pushed her middle finger into my ass.It felt good, and her mouth continued to give my cock full attention.  I could feel an orgasm coming, but I wanted it to last.  I knew I had to distract myself, so I grabbed her legs and pulled her over me to get another taste of that dripping wet pussy. By now she had juices running all down her legs.It was all I could do to not cum, but I knew I would soon lose the battle.  She knew this too, and in the heat of her passion, began sucking harder and harder as she massaged my prostate.Suddenly, I could feel the cum pushing itself to the top of my cock. I knew I had to tell her what was about to happen even though I think she realized.Between gritted teeth, I said, “I am going to cum, baby!” Without hesitation, she buried my cock in her mouth as I began to ejaculate.I had never cum so hard in my life!  It just kept going,  shot after shot. For a brief second, I thought,how is she possibly taking all that cum. It’s so hot!!Just as my last shot came out of my cock, she turned around and kissed me. As I opened my mouth to feel her tongue meet mine, I felt a gush of my cum that she had held in her mouth. She continued to passionately kiss me until almost all of the cum had gone into my mouth, and what didn’t make it in went down the sides of my cheeks. I had no choice but to swallow as she continued kissing me. The taste was not bad, the intimacy of it was amazing and almost made me want to cum again.She looked me straight in the eyes and with a smile asked, “How did it taste? ”“Not bad,” I replied and returned a smile as well.As she rolled off from me, she said, “That was fucking hot”.It was then I knew one of her fantasies was for me to eat my cum. She didn’t have the courage to tell me this, but she just showed me!From then on, we have had many nights of cum play, including me eating her creampie.  The combined juices are the best!!  The first time I did it for her, she was surprised and had an instant orgasm that went on forever. She loves sitting on my face after I have cum in her; she will put her finger inside her pussy and push the cum into my waiting mouth.  It’s her fantasy, and I love to see her turned on. The thought of tasting another man’s cum doesn’t interest me, but eating my own to satisfy my wife’s fantasy is more than okay with me!More stories to cum about finding our new fantasies!