Note from MH:  Some aspects of this fantasy could be triggering for some people.This story contains some strong language (L).A fantasy. Written from her perspective.Slowly, as if in a trance, I wake. Two thoughts enter my bewildered brain: one, this is not my bed; and two, there is a necklace with a chain around my neck! How did I get here, and worse, what happened to my clothes? I am naked! All that covers my nakedness is a red satin sheet.“Hmmm, you’re finally awake? I could hardly keep my hands off you when I saw you stretch. Your breasts under the sheet are driving me crazy.”I recognize the voice. It is him! I will never forget that voice and those eyes!“What the hell is going on? How did I get here?” He is barefoot and shirtless, and the button on his jeans is undone. Desire, or should I say pure LUST, shows clearly in his eyes and is further echoed by the bulge in his jeans. He does not answer. “So, you think it’s okay to kidnap me?” I ask. Still, he does not say anything. I try to get up from the bed. My feet touch the ground, but the chain pulls me back onto the bed. I’m scared…excited…feeling myself getting hot in my loins and wet between my legs.He comes to stand in front of me, leaning with his hands on the edge of the bed so that he can look me in the eyes. What I see in his eyes makes my mouth dry, my knees numb, and I feel my nipples starting to hurt because they have become extremely hard.“I don’t want to do it. Don’t touch me,” I say, but my voice is husky and not at all convincing of my reluctance!“Yes, you want to,” he speaks for the first time. “I can see it in your eyes, I see it in your stiff little nipples through the sheet, and I haven’t even started to touch you yet.”My voice is husky because of restrained desire. “Please, don’t. I refuse to want you!” I say as I cling to the sheet up against my neck. He picks at the sheet, but I just cling tighter. He smiles.“You’re going to keep it interesting, aren’t you?” He puts his knee on the bed and leans forward, his nose inches from mine; I can feel his breath on my face. “Give me the sheet; I want to check you before I taste you.”“No.” The word is supposed to come out firm and strong, but it is barely a whisper!“Then I’ll just have to take it,” he says, and without warning, he grabs a hand full of my hair and pulls me back onto the bed, then puts his leg over me so I’m trapped under him. I try to push him off, but he grabs my arms and holds my wrists above my head with one hand so that only the satin sheet is between our naked bodies.“You say you don’t want me, but your body tells a different story. I can feel your heat through the sheet. I can smell your desire for my cock.”“Please…”“Quiet! Don’t say anything.” As he speaks, he rubs his free hand over my breasts so that I gasp for breath. My back wants to arch to get more of his touch, but I fight it. I will not give in! How much more can I give the man? Haven’t I given him enough already? I feel a small moan slip through my lips when he grabs one of my breasts (not too gently at all!) and rubs little circles over my nipple with his thumb. I am sure he can hear my heart beating by now!“Don’t fight.” His mouth is so close to my ear that I feel his words rather than hear them. A tremor runs through my body, and I can’t stop the groan escaping from my throat when he lightly licks the edge of my ear and then gently sucks my earlobe. I feel him relax on top of me, and I know I should try to get away, but my limbs have lost all will to flee!“Please…” I cannot remember what I wanted to say because his mouth makes a hot path down my neck. Then it cools again as his tongue makes a wet path up my throat. His lips stop a centimetre away from mine.“I can’t forget you, and I know you can’t forget me.” He puts his mouth on mine, and when his tongue forces my lips open, I remember how he could kiss me years ago until I was out of breath and lost all control over my body. He was the only man who could ever excite me like that, but that was in another lifetime!He nibbles on my lower lip before moving his face to my chest. Desire flows through me like lava when he takes my stiff nipple in his mouth, and this time, I can’t stop myself! My back arches, and he moans against my breast so that I feel the vibration down to my pussy. I press my knees tightly together! He softly bites my nipple, and I nearly scream with pleasure.“No more words. I want your body.” He moves away from me and, before I realize what is happening, pulls the sheet off. I am exposed to him.I scramble to the headboard and try to cover myself with a pillow. He just smiles, grabs my ankles firmly, and tugs me to the bottom edge of the bed again. Pulling me closer, he opens my legs until he is between them. I think he’s going to touch my pussy, but he pulls my feet down over the edge of the bed. Too late, I realize what is happening when I feel the strap slip over my ankle! Before I can pull my other foot away, both my ankles are attached to the bed!Then he stands back and looks at his handiwork. I try to press my knees together, but I can’t!“You’re so wet,” he whispers as his fingers slide through my pussy lips, making sure not to touch my clit. He looks up at me as his mouth moves ever closer to my pussy. The moment his tongue touches me, it feels like a thousand hot waves crashing over me, and I can’t stop the trembling in my body. And I do not want to stop it!Then his finger is in my soft, wet pussy! In! Out! In! Out! First slowly, gently, then harder and faster until I can’t take it anymore. His voice is deep and husky. “I missed seeing your body responding like this—seeing your dripping pussy. I missed how you taste.” His tongue finally touches my clit, and I am about to cum, and then he stops!I can hardly breathe now but force my eyes open. He stands up, and I stare at his cock. The head is swollen and deep red from the blood pulsing through it.“I wanted to take my time with you, but…” He pulls me down the bed until I feel the strap around my neck. It does not take my breath away but reminds me that I am at his mercy.He puts the head of his cock at the entrance to my pussy. I try to lift my hips to get him to enter me, but he stays just out of my reach. His precum, mixed with mine, drips down my ass. Then I feel his hard, pulsating manhood as he rams it into me. His balls hang against my ass, and I immediately start cumming! The velvet walls of my pussy contract rhythmically as if to draw him deeper into me. I want to put my legs around his body as he fucks me harder and faster, but I cannot! All I can move are my arms and hips, but when my arms go around his body, he forces my hands above my head again.While he is fucking me like a madman, he still holds my hands above my head with one of his while the other attacks my breasts. I cum and cum and cum. And then, as my husband looks into my eyes, I feel his warmth explode inside me. His eyes roll back in his head, and I know neither of us will ever escape.