I love to watch my husband pleasure himself. Not only is it a major turn-on, but it also helps me to better please him by watching every detail: how gently or roughly he handles his cock, how fast or slow he strokes up and down the shaft, how his manhood glistens when he coats it in coconut oil, how it can slowly or very rapidly grow from flaccid to rock hard. But when I watch him cum and see his face grimace, it can send me over the edge! I have even had an orgasm just from kneeling in front of him and opening my mouth to swallow his white, creamy load.One night we were in a king size bed in a condo we were renting for a month. This bed had the most beautiful, lushly padded headboard; that later came into play. We were playing a game that we sometimes do to hold out as long as possible during foreplay and not rush the climax.We had spent the day by the pool, whispering sex-laced comments into one another’s ears, reading MarriageHeat erotic stories to one another, and making each other so excited that my husband had to adjust his cock several times trying to hide the bulge in his swim trunks. At one point, my pussy was so hot and wet that I was afraid to stand up because my juices may have run down my inner thighs.It was then that I slid a finger under my bikini bottoms and put my dripping wet finger in his mouth as discreetly as I could. We were so aroused that we probably weren’t as careful as we should have been.We would give ourselves a little break when things got very heated; but the tease would soon start all over again. Later, we both admitted that we barely made it through dinner that night at the restaurant. But, once back at the condo, we agreed to slow down and take our time.We started to make out, and I am not sure my husband has ever kissed me so passionately. It felt like the first time as he slid his hand under my shirt and bra and began to gently pinch and flick my nipple. He made sure to stimulate both breast and nipples until my pussy was arching toward him and begging to be touched.I am always so concerned about his satisfaction, but I allowed myself to be lost in his touch. Yet, I was desperate to taste his pre-cum and have his cock in my mouth! So, I gently pushed away from him and undid his shorts. I love to strip him naked for two reasons: first, I want him to have the freedom to fully enjoy every sensation and secondly, it makes me hot to see and access his entire manhood.Starting at his face, I held his cheeks in my hands and looked longingly into his eyes. I kissed his lips and bit gently on his lower lip as I made my way down his body, stopping at his navel to dip my tongue in and glide it gently down the path to his cock and balls. As I stroked my tongue around the head of his cock, I gently tugged and squeezed his balls. I ran my tongue down the length of his shaft and back up. When I reached the tip, I rapidly took his entire cock deep into my mouth and allowed my throat to relax as his head reached the back of my throat and made its way down deeper. When his cock was deep in my throat, I made rapid movements with my tongue along his shaft, causing him to moan loudly.Next thing I knew, he had taken me in one quick and gentle movement onto my back on the bed. Magically, my clothes seemed to have come off in that exact moment as if everything happened simultaneously. I saw him over me, his knee pushing my legs apart as he made his way down to my mound. He pressed his face into the strip of neatly-shaven hair and breathed in; even the act of breathing in my scent seemed to stimulate both of us.Slowly, he flicked his tongue between the edge of my clit and my outer labia. Then, he flattened his tongue and ran it slowly from the tip of my clit upward and back down – again and again. He used his tongue to outline my labia and, finally, to delve deeply into my dripping wet pussy. Quickly, he replaced it with a finger that moved in and out while his lips sucked on my clit. Before long, it was not just one finger but two and then three. He fucked me with his fingers and lapped at my clit while alternating between using his tongue and his lips to bring me to the edge.Before I allowed myself to fully release, I extricated myself. We found ourselves standing on the bed with him leaning against that beautiful, lushly padded headboard.I immediately got to my knees and begin to pleasure him with my tongue, my teeth, my hands. It was a primal need to have him in my mouth and to taste his white, creamy cum! I wanted to finish the task, but he pulled out and began to stroke his cock and allowed me the pleasure of watching his climax! I just looked up into his eyes and watched him stroke his cock until I observed his balls tighten—along with his face—as his cock began to quiver. Then, loads of hot, creamy cum shot into my open mouth, down my chin, across my tits and down my belly. His load was impressive!There is something about his cum that causes me to orgasm; whether he shoots it deep in my pussy, down my throat, on my tits or right onto my clit. So, with his cum covering me from my mouth to my hot, wet pussy, I scooped his thick juices from my body and began licking my fingers, then gathered more to rub into my clit and vagina. We often use toys to finish each other off when we haven’t orgasmed simultaneously, but tasting his cum and rubbing it all over my body and my clit and into my vagina sent me into orgasmic bliss!Sometimes, I am insatiable! This was one of those times! I had lost count of my orgasms; but I was ready for more! Now, I stood against the padded headboard, and he got back between my legs, tasting our juices as they mixed together and ran out of my pussy and down my thighs. There is something sexy and tasty and beautiful about the mixture of our cum, and we were feasting on it.It wasn’t long before his cock was throbbing and pulsing once again. He flipped me around and bent me over. I grabbed onto the headboard to steady myself as he began to take me hard from behind. I could both hear and feel his balls slapping against my ass as he thrust deep and withdrew until the ridge of his glans was rimming my labia, only to ram deeply back into my pussy just as quickly.He was so hard that it felt as if he were stretching the walls of my vagina! I was certain he would shoot his load into me and I would come with him; but just as he began to ejaculate, he slapped his cock into the crack of my ass and spewed his cum up my back. I felt the heat and the wetness of his cum as the clit stimulator I was using sucked and flicked my clit. Them, while I kept using the stimulator, he inserted his fingers and rubbed my G-spot until I had a massive female ejaculation all over his hand and the bed!Exhausted and utterly satisfied, we dropped from the headboard into the bed and slept—until I awoke with his cock hard against my ass the next morning, begging for more.  I was ready and very willing to oblige.