I had early morning surgery in a city 100 miles away, so we got a nice Marriott hotel room. And you know what that means!First, we have a kind of tradition that before I have surgery, my Melodie often gives me one of her oral sexual loving experiences! At the very least, she is sure to help me not worry about the surgery by taking me to (metaphorically speaking) “Lovemaking Paradise!” (I don’t want my spirit to be going to ACTUAL Paradise for a good while yet!)So, we woke up at 4:00 a.m. so we’d have enough time to make love and still make my registration time at the hospital. It was late May, so it was already getting light outside. We had a gorgeous view of the side of two tall trees and the tops of other beautiful trees outside our 4th-floor window. We thought we’d gotten up early enough to have time to “do” our sexy tradition and still be at the hospital on time. It wasn’t early enough; we were 15 minutes late. I’ll tell ya what sexy things we did to lose track of the time.Melodie showered and I shaved. As very rarely happens, I cut my lip a little.“Terrible timing!” I said.So I had to deal with that, then shower, and by the time we met on the bed, it was 4:18 a.m. I was supposed to be at the hospital at 5:45, and we had to travel with a lot of medical equipment that takes time to pack up and load into our vehicle.Melodie saw me getting the vibrators out, and she said, “We don’t have time for that! We’ll be late! I’m just going to give you ‘you know what’ while I sit and you stand.”She turned out to be right about being late, as she usually is. But I told her that maybe our new flutter toy (the Plus One Feathering Arouser) would help her cum fast again. This was only the second time we’d used it. But the first time, a few days ago, had been awesome! It had primed her and edged her so much that when she switched to her vibrator, she had a huge orgasm. (See my last story: “Amazing Lovemaking Session w/ New Toy.”)I lubed up her external and internal pussy with coconut oil, and while it melted, I coated her lovely labia and her cute clitoris. Then I pushed a glob of coconut oil into her vibrant vagina and handed her the flutter toy.Melodie says she prefers the fluttering vibrator, as we’ve been calling it, to a similar-shaped toy we bought that uses air. Believe it or not, our daughter recommended this flutter vibe. She HIGHLY recommended it, so we went looking the next day. Surprisingly, they carry it in stores like Walgreens and Walmart, and it is very reasonably priced at those two stores. It was sold out at one store when we went looking, but we found it at another store a few miles away. We REALLY wanted to try it out.Melodie began fluttering her clit immediately; she usually starts with her wand, but we didn’t have a lot of time.I carefully kissed her then soon focused on oral and manual loving on her nips. Lately, she’s really enjoyed me rubbing her titties with the palm of my hand. I’ll do that to one beautiful nipple while I suck, lick, and tongue-titillate her other tasty raspberry.At first, she was still complaining about us not having time, but really soon she got “the look!” Her wrinkles disappeared, and she took on a youthful appearance that made me wonder how a 70-year-old woman can look that young and vivacious, (but I was grateful to God for that gift, so I certainly was not complaining).So I did as I described above and enjoyed every second of it. She kept saying she’d come lick MY man-nips, but when I pointed out that she had “the look” that means a high probability of orgasm for her, she stopped talking and focused on the pleasure.Eventually, I allowed her to lick my nips because we both enjoy that too. Then she went to her back again while still fluttering her clit, and I kneeled up next to her. I did tip on nip, meaning I rubbed my glans on her raspberry as I pumped my rod. (Her nips look like raspberries when her nipples are turned on and erect.)Then, I moved to kneel by her shoulders and head. She turned her head and took my shaft with her index finger and thumb wrapped around the base, and I slid my hard erection into her sexy mouth. She couldn’t bob too much, so I gently slid in deeper and deeper, then slid in and out. It was so pleasant and soooo nice to watchthat I grabbed my cell phone to record it on our private videos and photos app. After a bit, we stopped and shared a very long satisfyingly careful kiss. Then I licked and loved on her nearby beautiful breast for a while.Eventually, I tossed the phone aside after saving the very erotic video, and my kind Melodie again took me into herboca bonita(beautiful mouth.) This time, I leaned forward with my hands resting on the other side of her and pumped even deeper. It was fantastic to discover another new way of being sexual together.Finally, Melodie said her jaw was starting to hurt; she has a small mouth. So we stopped that particular fun, and she said, “You’re really ready, so you know the rule: if you can, then do.” More specifically, this time it meant: “if Tom can, then he should”… of course, she meant she wanted me to “flick” her pussy.By the way, she was fluttering her clitoris this entire time. But now I asked her to switch to her powerful little Sensuelle Plus vibrator. (I plugged the rechargeable sex toys in when we got to our hotel room last night so they’d be working at optimum.) I love the feel of the vibrations cumming through her vaginal wall, and this type of vibrator gives her the majority of her orgasms!We went into our perpendicular X position: her on her back and me on my side with my ready erection facing her now anxious pussy. I thrust into her, and YES, it felt marvelous! We “flicked” each other with us both moving and intensifying each other’s pleasure.But somehow I found myself thinking about the last time I had this surgery. I ended up in the ICU and hospital for five days. Also, I had to forgo taking one of my heart meds pre-surgery, and that worried me. I wondered if my heart could handle sexercise without that medication. Talk about a buzz kill. So my erection started to deflate somewhat, but I knew just where the pump was to re-inflate it: Melodie’s boobies!I slid my erection out, and before I moved up beside her, I inserted the G-spot vibrator into her. Then I commenced again to love her full Nordic breasts and especially those nice nipples. Both sides received my oral and manual attentions.I was remembering a Gloria Estefan song, “Live For Loving You,” and I thought that I was doing just that. I was beating the odds for heart failure in a large part to be able to live for loving my Melodie, both in and out of the bedroom.My erection began to re-inflate, as I knew it would. Well, Melodie was sporting “the look” and she had it bad… or good, I suppose. So, within 45 seconds, she huskily whispered, “I’m coming,” and her body trembled with an orgasmic body-quake.Of course, watching her orgasm turned me on even more. The combination of her “boob-pump” and watching her sexy orgasm completely re-inflated my erection! She loves to be pounded after an orgasm, so before she could demand it—she was nearly incoherent in her post-orgasmic daze—I slid down into our X position and into her now even wetter pussy. I started slowly but quickly moved into a pounding “flick.” (It was just what we both wanted.)Still, knowing my heart issues, I chose to pound for maximum pleasure so I could quickly cum, too. But not having that one heart medication was affecting me. So still mostly hard, I slid out and lay on Melodie’s right.She immediately began to orally stim my nips. I swear she is gifted at giving me oral pleasure, whether it’s on my erect penis, on and in my mouth with her deep kisses, or on my mini man-nips.I REALLY enjoyed all the sensations of my naked wife loving on my man-nips and her hand cupping and squeezing my balls, plus pumping my rod with coconut oil and female natural juices on me from Melodie’s pussy. My orgasm hit me like a ton of bricks, and any thoughts of heart problems or my upcoming surgical procedure flew out the 4th-story hotel window!Our orgasms were not during penis-in-vagina sex, but my orgasm, like hers, was great! And we had PIV sex right before we both came, so it was all good! In fact, we had sexual intercourse before and after Melodie’s orgasm! Usually, I cum in her pussy, but we know to be positive and grateful that our love found a way even with limited time.The bedside clock read 5:18 a.m.; it had been an hour of married sexual bliss! But, we had to quickly clean up, pack, and get to the hospital ASAP. At least the hospital was only two miles away from our hotel.We are happy to report that we got to the hospital at exactly 6:00 a.m. I told the young man at the desk that I was 15 minutes late, hoping they’d expedite my registration. However, the registration people hadn’t all arrived to work yet, so we waited 10 minutes anyway. They told me that my surgery actually was scheduled at 7:30, so I was there in plenty of time; we weren’t late at all. So the pre-surgery fun was worth it, big time!I should mention that like always while making love, I was silently praying that my wife could reach orgasm. And my prayers were answered with a big YES! I am so grateful to Heavenly Father for granting us almost 30 years of living together as husband and wife and for our friendship, companionship—and, yes, the sexual ecstasy we share!Kudos to the “Plus One Feathering Arouser!” Although my Melodie has yet to have an orgasm while using it, it gets her so wired that when she switches to our Sensuelle Plus vibe she comes like a train!Final Word: My surgery went fine, much better than my early February surgery. Today, they actually sent us home mid-afternoon. I do have to go back in 1-2 months for more surgery, though. If you’ve been praying for us, thanks! I feel the power in others’ prayers for us.