This story looks back on the time Anne and Ron had been married a little over a year. While they were still in that lonely period of no sex for six weeks after their daughter was born, they decided to visit Ron’s parents—in part to show off their two-week-old. After supper, Anne nursed the baby and put her to bed. The new grandma and grandpa were astute enough to go to bed early so Ron and Anne could have some alone time.As they cuddled on the sofa, Anne began to squirm in her seat. It had been two months since they’d had sex, and if they strictly followed the doctor’s orders, they’d have to wait another month. She was definitely feeling her need. She would have liked to go to bed so Ron could take care of it, but she felt inhibited by the fact that his parents were in the next room. She was raised to be a good girl, and what she wanted Ron to do was still naughty in her mind. She didn’t realize Ron’s parents knew exactly what a young couple would be doing.Ron must have guessed her predicament. He suggested they go for a walk. Anne didn’t think a walk would help anything, but neither would it hurt. It was a warm evening and might take her mind off the itch between her legs that was badly in need of scratching. She was dressed in a blouse and shorts, but he was wearing only shorts. They went out the back door toward a wooded area behind his family’s home. It was nearly dusk, and only a few feet into the forest, they had total privacy.When they reached a stack of cut firewood, Ron turned Anne around to face him. He reached around to hug her with his hands on her derrière, and she returned the hug with enthusiasm, adding a passionate kiss. Although married, it felt oddly risqué hugging and kissing in secret by the wood pile.Ron stepped back and tugged at the collar of her western-style shirt. The snaps all parted, and he pushed the blouse off her shoulders to expose her nursing bra. He freed the bra catches, and the bra fell off to join the blouse. Then he stopped for a moment to admire her beautiful, milk-swollen breasts that were almost double their normal size. He smiled that odd little grin he always had when he saw her naked.Embarrassed, Anne pulled him against her to hide her teats. The pressure of his bare chest made her feel safe. It was fortunate she had just nursed the baby or she would have squeezed milk out with that hug.Ron’s hands started sliding down her sides to her shorts. When they reached the elastic waist band, his fingers slipped under it, and he continued pushing until they fell to the ground.Standing there in her panties with her breasts bare, Anne could feel her nipples grow erect with excitement. Being exposed was working magic on all parts of her body, and a droplet of milk formed at the tip of each breast. Anne was really glad only Ron could see.Ron caught her bottom again, pulling her to him until she felt her pussy pressed against his erect manhood. Ron slid his hands into the back of her panties, massaging and enjoying the softness of her derrière. He slowly pushed the panties down.Anne could feel the cool breeze on her bare bottom as he uncovered her cheeks. Then the front started sliding down past her pubic hair, short from being shaved for the birth of the baby. She could feel her feminine lips begin to show as the panties went further down. A little further and her entire pussy was exposed. He pushed the panties on down until they joined her shorts.Ron stepped back and just looked at her as she stood in nothing except her clothes around her ankles. His eyes went from her nipples, slowly forming more drops of milk, to her vagina which was now wet with female lubricant.She had been totally naked in front of Ron nearly every night for well over a year. But having him stand there and just enjoy looking embarrassed Anne. She was very aware that having been shaved a couple of weeks before meant her lady lips and vagina were exposed more than they had ever been. She felt herself blushing.Ron stepped back up to her, sliding his hand down to touch her feminine lips, and Anne murmured, “Yes.” Her pussy had been on bread and water a long time. Ron’s face spread into a broad smile as he let his finger slide down from her clitoris until it touched her vagina. He moved his fingers slightly to cover them with feminine lubricant, then drew them lightly back up, coating her lips. He then began moving the slippery fingers up and down from her vagina to her clitoris.Each time he bumped into her clitoris, it grew harder and more sensitive. Anne began pushing her pussy forward, hoping he would bear down a little harder. Then she felt it happening. She squeezed her thighs together, and she came. She caught her breath and then the pulsations forced it from her lungs in a groan. Those contractions were wonderful – WONDERFUL.Suddenly, Anne felt her milk let down, and both breasts began to pour. Her legs went limp as she held Ron close to keep from falling. A wonderful afterglow washed over her, and she relaxed against Ron in an enjoyably pleasant hug.The feel of his erection between them reminded her thatithad been on bread and water as long as her pussy had. She may not be able to give him all the gifts marital sex offered, but she could enjoy the delight in giving him one. She unbuttoned and unzipped Ron’s shorts, which dropped to the ground. Then, she pushed his Jockeys down until his manhood popped out.Turning Ron around until his back was to her, Anne reached her arms around him and pulled him against her; one hand held his chest, pressing his back against her bare nipples, and the other grasped his erection and gave her the leverage to press her pussy against him. She was leaking milk on his back and down her front, but neither of them cared.She tightened her fist slightly and stroked him as if he were in her. After the sexual dry season and enjoying her orgasm, he was ready—more than ready. He began making a low rumbling noise like a purr. Then with a sudden intake of breath, he began to ejaculate. Anne was glad he had his back to her or he would have shot cum all over both of them.After she had drained him until he asked her to stop, Ron turned around for one last hug before they put themselves together. They were both soaked with milk and would definitely need showers before bedtime, but it had been worth it.As they walked back, they were both thinking that in another month, there would be an additional privilege of marriage they could both enjoy.Missy, suggest you considerhttps://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/young-nude-woman-against-pile-wooden-2107940930for the picture.