Over the 26 years of our marriage, E has made it well known that one of her favorite positions is when I am taking her from behind. The angle of penetration is awesome for her. She told me she loves me holding her hips and penetrating her deeply to hit all of the right spots. As we have gotten older, we use this position more judiciously, a few times per month. (I will explain why in a bit)Lovemaking in the “doggy” position is also great for me, as the feel and view are incredibly erotic. I get a perfect view of her luscious love spot, and can reach around to play with her ample breasts as they hang for my fondling. The downside of this position for me (and she) is when it has been a few days since we’ve gotten each other off, it challenges my stamina. E gets intense in this position, going hard and deep.  When I am not penetrating fast enough, it’s common for her to devour me by rocking back into me with her head and hands down near the floor, pushing for leverage and full penetration.The depth I get at this angle combined with her reaching back to play with my balls is an orgasm expeditor for me.  It is often normal in our lovemaking for us to climax together, but from this position that has gotten much more difficult. Thus, I choose this position when I know I am confident in my current stamina. This leads me to a recent interlude on a Sunday morning a few weeks back.The previous Saturday night included a great dinner and very intimate evening of lovemaking.  The red wine set the mood that evening, and we took our time devouring each other. At first, orally, and then with E rocking my world from the cowgirl position.The minute I woke that Sunday, my stiff, scent-covered cock reminded me how special the previous night was. I reached under the covers to feel and reposition my still semi-hard member. Pulling my hand out, I could smell the scent of our sex from the night before.  E was already out of bed, getting a run on the treadmill.  I knew I needed to have her again that morning.  I also had something very specific in mind, having just made love hours prior.E came down from her run and jumped in the shower as we had about 45 minutes before heading to my parents for a family brunch.  I let E shower for about 5 minutes, stripped down, and went into the master bedroom to join her in the shower. She smiled as I entered, loving the visual evidence as to why I was there.  E told me she “loved how I think” as she started to take hold of and stroke my swollen cock.  I first kissed her deeply with my hands all over her wanting breasts. I washed my hair and cleaned up while she played with me further. Once done, I allowed my fingers to excite her swollen clit to a heightened level.Shower sex is common for us, but this morning I told her I had other plans.  I turned the shower off, we quickly toweled off and then embraced in a deep kiss.  I took her hand to guide her from the bathroom to the bedroom.  E thought I was guiding her to our bed but I stopped her near the night stand.   I grabbed our bedside lube and a cock ring and guided her to the floor on her hands and knees. I lubed us both up, and slid the ring over my eager cock.  The cock ring adds just that little extra blood flow and fullness she so enjoys. I positioned the height of my hips to match her entrance, and she pulled me in. Her head dropped, her hips slid back, and I heard an immediate gasp.I knew I would be able let her use my body as her personal sex toy for the full duration this morning. For a while the pace was slow. My left hand reached out to the edge of the bed to hold myself at the perfect height, as she rocked herself back and forth.  She alternated from allowing for moderate penetration to occasionally taking me in deeper. The lube made the penetration so very smooth. I could feel every bit of her inner walls.E’s breathing began to get heavier, and she rocked back into me with even more pace. The sound of the suction from our wanting and romping bodies started to get louder.   At the same time her moans and gasps also picked up. I know these moans, and they told me she was on the verge of cumming, and needed me to pound her hard.  She rocked back harder as I focused on holding the angle for her.  I heard “uhhhhh”; “uhhhhh”; “uhhhh”; “uhhhhh” in gasps of desperation.E was starting to cum, and she wanted me to match her pounding pace and urgency with my own. Her left hand reached underneath, swatting lightly at my balls to encourage that she needed more. I grabbed her hips and gave her exactly what she sought. The gasps of “uhhhh” turned into high pitched screeches as I drove myself rapidly into the depths of her well-lubed pussy.Soon she had her fingers wrapped fully around my balls and held them as I rocked her world. Her screeches matched each impact of our bodies. E massaged my perineum as the pounding continued. She knows I can’t handle this very long and she stayed at it.  She needed me to cum as well. With just a few more thrusts, I erupted.  She loves having my jewels in her hands and feeling my release in her fingertips. I let out the large gasp this time. Our rocking pace immediately slowed and we just held our position for a few minutes.  I reach down to massage her breast and kiss the side of her neck.We headed out to brunch, already fully satisfied.