“Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God.”“Thank you God, Oh my God, Thank you God.”“Oh my God, Oh my God, Thank you God.”“Thank you God, Thank you God, Oh my God.”It was all I was saying for a day afterward.  I felt so different, in fact I felthappy.I didn’t think it could do that much for me.But then again, I’ve been really feeling a desire this month to experience pleasure. And it’s been almost a daily occurrence where my penis longed for the touch that sensual stroking provides. I can’t say whether this body part has a mind of its own, though I do sometimes wonder. After two weeks of masturbating nearly every day I thought that my horniness level would be lower. While my penis has received lavish attention, my prostate feels ignored, and was crying out to be noticed!I can read a story here and be instantly aroused thinking about all the wonderful intimate activity. It doesn’t always start with becoming erect, but with the spark ignited in my prostate. It builds to a tickling sensation, then to being energetic and prickly. By that time, my penis is pressing the front of my boxer briefs in a way that cannot be ignored. But I do ignore it. Because I know I can set it free from the restraint of my boxers. But it’s the pressure building up behind my penis that truly cries out for release. Almost like a dam barely holding back the water it contains.And then the prickly energy can transform to a rhythmic wave of pleasure and desire in equal measures. Often with perhaps a fleeting hint of warmth. I try to grow these sensations, let them wash over me. Shedding my shirt, I sit at my computer nearly naked. I run my hands over my thighs, arms, chest, neck, ears, and the top of my head. Then I return to my chest. Closing my eyes, I let the pleasure in my prostate come to me. As soon as I touch my nipples I have to fight the urge not to clench. This is often a useless fight because the reflex is still so strong. Ladies, if you ever touch your husband’s penis and it twitches, that’s a reflexive clench.And my penis longs to be touched. So I enjoy the sensations of running my entire hand sensually up and down the pouch of my boxer briefs. It was supporting my package but now restrains my throbbing erection. I start with my palm over the the head and send my fingers southward to press into my perineum. Then I move back up until my fingers touch the head again. Then I repeat the process. I don’t even need to be hard to find this touch enjoyable. In fact, just to enjoy the feeling of my balls filling out the pouch of my boxer briefs is enough. There is just something satisfying in how they support me.Perhaps I’m still hard, sometimes I’m not, but it doesn’t matter. I know I can build up the arousal quickly again but my dear wonderful ladies, reading your words helps that. I love the stories of your desire for your husbands, what you think, what you feel, what you want. And I love the stories of exploration and discovery coming from single ladies even more! I feel like I have such an affinity for masturbation and I cheer you all on. I hope you experience all your body can feel, and bless your husbands from the deep well of your passion. Reading an older story of one such occurrence, I noticed such feelings in my prostate. That told me that today was my day.This day the bond was particularly strong, My Love, and the timing was right. I had dinner and it was early evening. There were hours before I needed to sleep. I was feeling healthy, warm, and relaxed. My prep is pretty standard. The heater is set at maximum on this wintry day. A special waterproof sex blanket is thrown over the sheets. The most beautiful sounds of female pleasure and erotic audio are in my earbuds. Perhaps I pour a small glass of whiskey. A trip to the bathroom is made to clean everything out and lubricate my asshole. I sensually slide my finger in and out, deeper and deeper, cleaning until no remnant remains. As I finish, my arousal isn’t nearly as high as it was. I consider sitting back down at the computer to read another story or two. But I decide to build arousal in bed.As I lay down on my bed, fans are going to dampen whatever noise I make. I play with my nipples and spread my legs, imagining my beautiful future wife there. She is kneeling naked with lube in one hand and anAnerosin the other. She looks down at me with such love and tenderness. There is also with a mischievous grin tipping up the corner of her mouth, and a sparkle in her eye. My erection grows. And even more than that is the dull ache emanating from my prostate. It is throbbing rhythmically as I find my arousal again. Oh, this is going to feel good…It’s such an intimate thing we’re about to do, and still considered taboo by a lot of people. I can’t believe my fortune in finding a wife who accepts my quirks, kinks, and the rest of me. You’re a gift from a loving God who understands my needs far better than I do myself. You’re not really there to lube up my toy and slide it inside of me, My Love. So I’ll do it myself, which allows my arousal to drop a bit, but it doesn’t go away.The anticipation of what’s coming is enough to keep the gears in motion. I sense the tip of the Aneros touch my puckered asshole. It’s cold and wet. I used to dislike the sensation of a cold anal toy. Now I really enjoy it to the point that I’ve even experimented with sticking one in the freezer. But that takes too much advance prep work and I want to get fuckedNOW.So I slide it in and just relax. That’s what all the advice says. Certainly all the advice I’ve found helpful. I try to lose myself in the sounds of pleasure coming to my ears. I image them to be my future wife’s. Is she that turned on in the moment. Or did she record herself experiencing solo pleasure to give to me one day. Does she know how turned on I am by her moans? It doesn’t matter. It’s one of a million stray thoughts running through my head that I try my best to excise. Mind Noise is rather a big problem for me. Focusing on the here and now takes a lot of effort. I don’t quite know what to do about this.I pile pillows over my face and moan along with the audio. Even if I don’t feel the same pleasure as those ladies, I have faith I will one day. It’s one of those “fake it til you make it” ideas that I adopted. If sounds of pleasure turn me on, I won’t deprive my future wife of enjoying the same from me! So I vocalize, I narrate what I’m feeling. I talk to God about you and I talk to you as if you were there with me, My Love. I really want to share these Aneros experiences with you. To feel your soft warm hands all over my body. To hear you encourage my pleasure with your words, touch, hands, mouth, tongue, and breath.Even if we’re not using a toy. If I’m feeling your finger at the entrance to my ass, feeling you slide inside. To be penetrated by you in body as much as you’ve pierced my heart emotionally. To touch a place inside of me that was hidden, awaiting youand only you. It’s an intimacy and vulnerability I crave more over time. I’m hard and my prostate throbbing, and I’m crying as I think about, anticipate, and expect it one day. And anal play is just one aspect of my sexuality I’m thinking about. There is an entire world of pleasure and sensuality I want us to discover together, my Beloved.I long for you. I ache for you.And somewhere along the way, I’ve stopped thinking about everything under the sun. I’m feeling the Aneros inside me being moved by my anal muscles spasming involuntarily. I used to fight what my body wanted to do but I’m learning to work with it. If my muscles want to contract I let them. In the past, either I was consciously contracting them or consciously NOT. What does it actually mean to fully relax into this experience, anyway? I’m not a Super-Orgasm master, experiencing unimaginable heights of pleasure for hours, whether I have use toy or not. The rabbit hole goes deep and I feel like I’ve barely scratched the surface. I don’t even know what made this day different from days in the past. I feel like I leveled up.It started out as a normal Aneros session for me. I deliberately leave my penis alone to touch the rest of my body. I focus my attention on the sensations in my prostate. As theAnerosstarts moving more on its own I feel waves of pleasure coming from inside me. They’re usually pretty dull and might ramp up a bit over time. Today the pleasure waves (P-waves) were stronger as I relaxed into the massage, focusing my attention purely on my prostate.I noticed that tension in my anal muscles was gone. The toy moved in its own steady insistent rhythm while the P-waves washed over me over and over again. At its’ most intense, I felt a rippling of pleasure. It started in my prostate and traveled along the length of my shaft to the tip my penis. At the same time, it moved down to encompass my balls.I stayed in that state of pleasure for as long as I could (which can easily be half an hour). But it always hits a place where I am reaching for more. It’s like I’m pushing against a glass ceiling with the orgasm I desire right on the other side. I nearly always end my sessions with a hint of regret that I didn’t make it to the Super-O. I remind myself to enjoy the journey and not focus as much on the destination. I’ll get there when the time is right. As I said, this time is different, at least in part.My erection wanes as I shower and clean up, but the funny thing is that I’m still incredibly aroused. Merely thinking about what just happened is enough to keep me saying “Oh my GOD” over and over again. I felt like I just had an actual Massage and a deep tissue one at that. After two hours, my prostate was sore in the best way possible. Moving or touching my balls added to the ache in my prostate as if I had just slapped them. I never thought I’d enjoy THAT sensation.Out of the shower, I became hard again just playing with my nipples and fantasizing about my future wife. I was feeling wonderful aftershock sensations in my prostate. I stopped to consider my options. My penis definitely wanted some sensual slow strokes. I ignored it and decided to go to bed enjoying the delicious feeling coming from my prostate. Honestly I was in awe. I didn’t want to mess with that at all, and I later received my reward.At 1:00AM I woke up hard as a rock, feeling incredible pleasure emanating in waves from my prostate. This was the mother of all aftershocks. I just lay in bed thinking about everything that happened just hours before. Playing with my nipples and dreaming more, I just enjoyed the sensations. Although my ass didn’t feel full, I experienced the same feelings as I’d had when it was.I had aftershocks during most of the day that day as well. A pleasant reminder of a wonderful and thorough massage experience. And the newness of the sensations, the intensity, brought a smile to my face. As if I was newly in love. And I discovered that I am in love: with my body and the way that I have been created! It was a beautiful reminder to me that I am “fearfully and wonderfully made.” So even as a soloist, I can lift up a hearty Hallelujah.