This post contains strong language (L).Part one is available here.After checking on the house and having a little fun in each room, we made our way to the back. The view out the door into the wide open fields was breathtaking.Don came up behind me, pulled my hair back with one hand, and kissed me softly on the neck. He whispered in my ear, “Breathtaking, isn’t it?” I smiled, leaned my head back on his strong chest, and nodded. He wrapped both arms around me, pulled me close, and whispered, “But not as breathtaking as you!”I turned to him, raising both arms around his strong neck and kissing his delicious lips.He whispered in my ear, “I want to take you out there and make love to you like we never have before.” Then he picked me up and walked through the open door. I felt the breeze under my dress and his strong arms holding me up, and I knew this would be the most amazing lovemaking possible.Don set me on my feet outside and said he needed to go get the basket of goodies from inside. He retrieved a picnic basket from inside the house and opened the lid. “Good, it is all there.” I tried to peek, but he said, “Oh, no, you don’t! it’s a surprise!” Then he took my hand, and we slowly made our way out into the field.We walked for what seemed only a minute or so, then we stopped. I looked around and said, “It’s so beautiful and smells amazing!”Don smiled. “I’m so happy you like it.” He asked if the spot felt good for some togetherness, reminding me gently that I can get a little loud when I orgasm.I laughed and said, “I do?”He winked and said, “Okay, a lot loud!!” and laughed.“It’s your fault,” I told him. “You just have amazing skills.”My husband took me in his arms and told me how beautiful I am as he drew me into a slow, passionate kiss. He pulled me closer, and I could feel his manhood grow from firm to hard. His hand pulled up the back of my dress and firmly held my lace-covered derriere, pulling me closer and pressing me into him. He started to groan.“Oh, yeah,” he said, breathing heavier while trying to whisper to me how sexy he found me.I reached down to unbutton and unzip Don’s jeans and let his manhood free. He worked his pants down to the ground, then pulled my dress over my head to reveal my bare breasts and hardened nipples. I wrapped my fingers around his shaft and began to slide them up and down, but he pulled back.“I don’t want to cum yet,” he whispered.I nodded, and Don dipped his head and took my hard right nipple between his lips and teeth. It sent a surge through my body, and a groan escaped me. My tongue darted out to moisten my lips, and my head fell back in surrender to the pleasure. I felt his hand slide down to my wet, swollen, hot box. I reached for his saluting soldier, but he pulled back again.“If you touch him, he’s gonna fire,” Don explained. Then he smiled, and whispered, “I want to make you cum first.” He plunged his finger past the lace and into my wet box, sending a surge of excitement through my body. He added another finger, then a third.My legs went weak, and Don slowly lowered me onto the grass beneath our feet. It felt so good! My juices were increasing, and I wanted to cum so badly, but I also didn’t want it to stop. I asked him if I should remove my panties.“No, I love to feel them.” He continued to finger me, increasing the speed for a while, then slowing down. He commented on how wet I was and said that he loved it.I felt a need to add to my pleasure, so I caressed my breasts and began to pull and roll my nipples. My husband voiced his approval and increased the speed of his thrusting fingers until I let out a loud moan.Then Don went down to drink my juices. His magic tongue made its way inside, and it felt amazing. I knew I would end up cumming, but I didn’t want him to be the only one getting to enjoy it all. I asked him for 69, so he straddled me and I took him in my mouth. His precum was so sweet; I licked and kissed him, then took him all the way in, deep throating him.That was the point of no return for Don. He exploded, and I drank his sweet cum. His sucking and licking sped up, and when he hit the sweet spot, I began to convulse. I had the best of both worlds: I was drinking him in and having the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. I sucked him until he pulled himself out of my mouth. His cum dripped down my chin, as did mine from his.Don turned around, and we engaged in marvelous kisses, our tongues dancing around each other and tasting each other’s juices. We could not get enough, but we were both exhausted. We lay next to each other in the grass and slowly drifted off to sleep without realizing it.We woke up to a cool evening breeze, and Don pulled a blanket from the basket and covered us. I asked if I had to get dressed, and he smiled.“I would prefer you not.”I sat up, holding the blanket up over me, while Don retrieved some snacks from the picnic basket. He offered me a strawberry, holding it to my mouth for a bite. I took the strawberry partially in my mouth, bit down, and the juice rolled down my chin and dripped to my chest, so Don reached over to catch them with his kiss. Licking the droplet up, he pulled the blanket down to reveal my perky hardened nipples. Then he reached into the basket again.“I forgot to offer you chocolate for your strawberry,” he said, holding up the bottle of syrup.I smiled and leaned back on my elbows. “Looks like you might have your own idea for the chocolate,” I replied.Don drizzled a stream from the bottle onto one nipple, then the other. Keeping his eyes locked on mine, he then smiled and began to lick seductively.When he’d cleaned both nipples, I bit my lip and pulled him up for a kiss. I looked him in the eyes and said, “Fuck me!! Fuck me hard.”Don slid my lace panties down, and I worked them off my legs. Then he moved over me, and his hard member slid between my wet lips. I closed my eyes and took it all in as he began slowly—in and out, in and out—smiling at me all the while. I shook my head and wrapped my legs around him, but he resisted going faster.To Don’s surprise, I flipped us over with me on top of him. I stared him down and said, “You know I’m no tender innocent. This is what I mean when I say fuck me hard.” I rocked forward and started grinding up and down his shaft while he kept his eyes on me. I dangled my tits in his face to tease him and kept going.Don grabbed my waist and began to thrust up into me. I moaned my approval as I leaned back and put a finger to my clit and massaged it. Our hips met with lusty slaps as he rose and I descended. I was close to climax when he flipped me over and started pounding me so hard that my bottom scooted across the grass a few inches.“Is that hard enough?” He asked, smirking.I smiled. “Harder!!” I arched my back to let him penetrate me deeper, and he kept thrusting until I hit the most amazing orgasm! At the same time, I felt him explode inside me.Don clasped me tightly in his arms as we slowly came down from our orgasms. We lay gasping on the ground.“That was amazing,” Don sighed.“So amazing!!” We remained where we were a few minutes more, but then we noticed the sun was starting to set.“We better get dressed and head in.” Don sounded almost regretful. He pulled on his pants, then gathered our things while I slipped my dress over my head. Then we walked back to the house.Don showed me to the insanely huge open shower. It had a head to hit every angle of your body and looked so inviting. He told me to get started; he would be in after he made sure all the doors were locked. I slipped out of my dress again and turned the tap to ready the water.…