“My lover is radiant and complete, outstanding among ten thousand. His head is purest gold, his hair is wavy and black as a raven. His eyes are like doves by the water streams, washed in milk, mounted like jewels. His cheeks are like beds of spice yielding perfume. His lips are like lilies dripping with myrrh. His arms are rods of gold set in chrysolite. His body is like polished ivory decorated with sapphires. His legs are pillars of marble set on bases of pure gold. His appearance is like Lebanon, choice as its cedars. His mouth is sweetness itself, he is altogether lovely. This is my lover, this is my (best) friend.” – Song of Solomon 5:10 – 16It had been a busy September for us, once again we found ourselves on different continents. The longing was insurmountable and it became increasingly unpleasant as we neared the end of being apart. We braved the time difference and spent hours on the phone, making plans together about what the future could and would bring us, and how we wanted the ministry to grow. Timothy and I were both looking forward to slowing down in October and being home together for the foreseeable future. October was meant to be filled with late morning sleep-ins and pajama days, even though Timothy is not a huge fan of the latter.During those three months apart, I often times found myself day dreaming about our late night lovemaking sessions, impromptu road trips, holding hands at the beach, watching my husband surf, endless coffee shop dates, midnight hot chocolate dates, deep conversations, unprecedented wind ups, and lots of laughs along the way. The LORD had been so gracious to us; we were intensely happy and our hearts were so grateful when we were finally home together!Timothy was having some health concerns, which he initially didn’t share with me. I noticed him being more tired than usual, but I attributed that to our taxing work schedule, sometimes having to battle a six hour time difference, and the never ending battle with jet lag, all while on a mission assignment. When a specialist’s help was called in by our general practitioner, Timothy had no choice but to tell me everything.I cried, I screamed, I hugged, I comforted, I kissed his forehead, and I rubbed his back. Timothy tried his utmost to reassure me—we tried to reassure each other. Our faith was shaken, our faith was being tested. We did our best to hold onto our MESSIAH, the ONE both of us treasured long before we ever knew each other. What followed that night was a bucket load of questions and too much medical jargon, which sent my researcher brain into high gear.That evening the doctor had given Timothy something to help him sleep. I held his hand and kissed his beautiful face, as I allowed my husband the bliss which sleep could offer him. That evening lying next to Timothy, I felt so numb. I had so many questions that I was laying before the feet of my Heavenly FATHER. I didn’t want my husband to know the turmoil and fear I was feeling. He was my Timothy, my Ashkenazi, my husband, my lover, my best friend, my steady rock, the one I had prayed for, the one I had waited for, the one who had my heart. How could this be happening to us?October the fourtharrived, and we had to make a decision if we would attend the conference in our local town that we had been looking forward to for such a long time. Timothy was being very positive and encouraging, when all I wanted to do was lay in bed, hoping somehow that this was all a dream. With a heavy heart, I put on a brave face and went out the door with my husband.The atmosphere at the conference was amazing and calming. The LORD was the cornerstone of why we were there, and our mission to preach the Gospel to the ends of the earth was the theme. I tried my utmost to get my head away from Timothy’s medical diagnosis. It was hard; it was front and centre.Deep into the praise and worship, I tried to get Timothy’s attention. I whispered in his ear that I needed to go to the ladies’ room. Timothy asked if he should escort me, but I said I was okay to go on my own. In the ladies’ room, a wave of fear came over me—it all felt too much. My heart was sore, I was afraid, I was tapped out, and my world was coming apart at the seams. I tried to pull myself together. Splashing some water on my face, I encouraged myself. I could do this, I could be strong for my husband. I just needed to find the strength that was hidden inside of me.As I walked back into the auditorium, my eyes were met with the unmistakable profile of my tall, handsome husband, his unmistakable Jewish features and his strong, big hands lifted high worshipping the KING of Kings. In that moment I felt a shift within myself. Timothy’s tall, lean surfer body had always been very attractive to me, but in that moment something changed. An appreciation came over me. I wanted my lover, wanted to be with him. I wanted to be in the sacred space, where it was just he and I. My arousal usurped me, and my whole body felt like there was no turning back. In that space of beautiful intimacy, I always feel so blessed and so loved and so protected. I was suddenly in desperate need of that space.Slipping back down the aisle, Timothy squeezed my hand as I made my way back to him. Our fingers entwined for a few fleeting seconds, and it felt electrifying. For the first time in 24 hours, it felt like us again. I knew somehow we would get over this hurdle together. The LORD was in control! HE sent HIS WORD to heal our disease. HE redeems our lives from destruction. In HIM our youth is renewed and by HIS GRACE I was going to be strong for my husband. (Psalm 103:3-5)The first session of the conference blessed our hearts, and we felt a certain rejuvenation. We felt our calling being awakened. A certain excitement and anticipation was in the air. Timothy could feel it too. I just knew he could. I felt like we hadn’t reached the pinnacle of our ministry together yet, and I was reminded afresh that the LORD sees our hearts and HE understands our desire to do wonderful exploits for HIM. (Daniel 11:32)Timothy suggested we go home for a late lunch instead of waiting around for the next session. I looked at my beautiful Jewish husband and in the silences of my heart I asked the LORD to equip me to handle Timothy with care and to help me to be strong for the journey ahead. HE is a faithful Heavenly FATHER, and my trust is in HIM!On the short drive home, I couldn’t help but notice Timothy’s tender hands. Timothy has strong, skillful hands. I imagine King David of old must’ve had such precious hands (Psalm 78:72). They are skillful in ways that would make the ladies in my circle blush. In that space of time, I found myself feeling very aroused by my husband’s hands. They were so manly and so attractive. Those hands had weathered so many storms, but those hands knew how to love me.I allowed my mind to go to a place where those hands took me to the height of pleasure, and I was desperate in that moment to re-enact one of the times when those strong hands would take me to our pleasure dome. I allowed my mind to go there and I could feel the arousal building within me.We warmed up some leftovers from the previous night and nestled into the couch together, knowing we had little more than an hour to relax before we had to return to the conference. Timothy’s spice bomb aftershave was smelling a little different, more alluring you might say. I really wanted my husband to be close to me. I kissed his neck and I asked him how he was feeling.He smiled at me and said in a cheeky way, “Babe, rather tell me, how you’re feeling?”Timothy knows when my arousal is on high alert and he leaned over to kiss me. It started with slow, gentle kisses, which morphed into more aggressive kissing as we became more hungry for each other. I didn’t want it to stop. Rather provocatively, Timothy slipped his hand over my black pants, and I redirected his fingers to remain on my pleasure spot. I wanted my husband to take me there with his strong hands and fingers. I wanted it, I was craving it, and oh how I needed it after the stressful day we had yesterday. Timothy unbuttoned my pants and slid his hands into my panties. He started to feel my wetness, and just like reading off a script, he knew exactly what to do.First, Timothy applied slow and steady pressure, just enough to make me edge, each time bringing me so close to climax, but stopping just in time to make the moment last. I was certainly not ready for this to end. Timothy ran his fingers up my pussy and pleasured my clit just enough to make me moan with delight. Timothy strategically used his other hand to massage my now fully hardened nipples under my shirt. My husband was tapping into my treasure trove of ecstasy. I was feeling absolute euphoria. I gasped for breath.For a few brief seconds, I looked into Timothy’s beautiful, blue eyes to let him know that I was ready. Timothy uttered the words, “I love you Babe, cum for me.” And I did. I easily fell into a very strong, much-needed, almost mind-blowing orgasm. I felt on top of the world, my body was happy, the stress had been released, and I lingered in those slowly evaporating feelings. Timothy’s love for me is amazing. I never forget to thank the LORD for this beautiful, precious husband of mine.We both lay back on the couch, almost breathless, but still entwined in our own magical universe, where very few words are spoken, and it’s just me and Timothy, and nothing in this world can touch us there.Timothy cleared his throat and sat up to say something, he said, “Babe, I’m sorry for getting sick again.”His voice broke a little and I watched my tall strong husband become helpless before me. I pulled him close to me and we embraced in a mountain of tears.“It’s going to be okay, my love,” I managed to utter, but it seemed my words offered little comfort.“Oh Babe, just hold me,” he pled, and I did with all my might.I could feel Timothy’s body tensing up. The call was clear and the need was urgent. I wanted to take care of my husband, safely tucked into each other’s embrace.Timothy said, “Just touch me Leah, you touch me so beautifully.”I started touching my husband over his pants. I could feel his erection slowly growing stronger and stronger. Helping Timothy lay back, I unbuttoned his pants and carefully undressed him. I could see the tears rolling down his beautiful face. My husband’s heart was breaking. I wanted to fix it, to make it all better again.I held Timothy’s dark cock in my hands. His smell was mesmerizing. I’d always loved the look of my navy blue painted nails pleasuring my husband. Timothy’s soft moaning was sheer delight to my ears. I watched his beautiful face soften, and I could feel his arousal permeate the room. Kissing his belly, I continued to touch him. I wanted this moment to last forever. It was a safe, sacred space; it wasourspace. I needed to stay there with my husband for as long as we could—for as long as my husband needed.I made my way to the floor in between Timothy’s legs. I gently massaged his balls before I started licking them. A lick became a suck. More sucking rewarded me with more intense groaning from Timothy. I felt so in control. It’s a feeling I cannot really put into words, but it’s so beautiful and I wasn’t in any way ready for it to stop.I stroked Timothy’s cock as my tongue licked his tip. The taste of his pre-cum intoxicated me and I yearned for more. Timothy’s eyes were closed and his face was now at ease. I put my mouth over the head of his cock, and with my other hand I gently massaged his prostate through his perineum.It was beautiful. We both felt beautiful and we were moving in perfect sync, as if by unspoken agreement. Timothy’s aroma was a thing of exquisiteness. I needed for this to go on for as long as possible.I massaged Timothy’s prostate some more, and I sucked on his cock some more. Each time I stopped for air, I would continue again and go a little further down his shaft. I felt like I was on top of the world. Timothy was allowing me to be at peace in this turmoil and I felt so free. I managed to put Timothy’s entire cock in my mouth. Then I pulled back a little and sucked some more, then put his whole cock in my mouth again, back and forth in that cycle. I was so happy and felt so in love and so in control.When Timothy pulled my hair, I knew that was a sign that he was ready to explode. I looked up at Timothy and asked him to please cum in my mouth. He nodded his head and I went to task at taking my husband to a very deep, much-needed orgasm. Timothy’s body stiffened, and I sucked harder and stronger. I suddenly felt an eruption of Timothy’s cum overflow in my mouth and I swallowed each and every last drop. The taste was familiar and sweet. I was where I was meant to be, with a little bit of my husband inside of me.I heard Timothy say, “I love you so much, Leah.”I was so caught up in the safety of what was our secret abode. My body felt so good. I felt so powerful, so loved, and mostly, so needed. Getting up from my knees, I lay my head on Timothy’s chest. Such a safe place for me to be. In this moment it was the best place in the whole entire world, me and my beautiful Jewish lover. These afterglow moments are too beautiful for words at times, and we held onto this one for as long as we possibly could.Timothy kissed my head and pulled me just a little closer to him. The tears returned, happy tears this time, tears of relief, tears of realization of what just transpired between us. I lay there in complete gratitude, grateful for this beautiful man the LORD had given me. I had a prayer for my beloved husband in my heart and I felt a deep sense of peace overwhelm me. Everything was going to be okay—Timothy’s operation, our future together, just everything.We didn’t make it back to the conference that evening, instead spending the best part of the late afternoon just holding each other. Being present for each other, we were so thankful for the depth of love that neither of us had known, until we knew each other. We’ve been truly blessed.The rest is still unwritten…