I walk into the house, wet with sweat from weekend yardwork, looking for Lacy. She’s standing in the family room, naked in all her beauty with her back to me, her hands on the bar. Looking over her shoulder, she smiles as I walk closer to her. Then she spreads her legs, lowers her chest to the bar, and arches her back to lift her ass and open her pussy. It glistens wet and smooth.I remove my shirt and shorts. My cock, already hardening, bobs as I kneel behind Lacy and slap her ass. She moans and squirms when I squeeze her asscheeks and pull her pussy open. Juices seep from her, so I press my tongue against her pussy and lick up and down, tasting her sweetness.Lacy moans and presses back against me so that my tongue pierces her open pussy open. She cries out as I grip her hips and push and pull her along my tongue. But when I slowly slide it up and lick over her asshole, Lacy moans and pulls away.“Relax, baby. Relax,” I say, then flick my tongue back and forth.Her nervousness soon turns to shivers of pleasure, and she grinds back against my tongue. I reach around and start squeezing her clit too, which eventually sends her over the edge. Her nectar squirts out into my mouth and all over my face as her body trembles.Only then do I stand and gradually slide my hard cock into her pussy. Lacy gasps and moans as I hold still—buried deep inside her—and let her adjust to it. Then I pull out slowly and begin to thrust. When she starts pushing back to meet me, I know she’s ready for more; I slam hard into her, driving her hips forward with each stroke. Her cries of intense pleasure let me know I gauged my timing correctly. I continue my relentless pounding, and my balls bounce against her fingers as they work her clit.Her surprising vocal cries urge me on. “Oh, yes, fuck me. Yes, pound me. This is what I wanted. Sooo good, baby. Fuck me, please. Yesss, harder.” I give her all I can as hard and fast as possible, and Lacy looks back over her shoulder as she begs for more, her eyes clouded with a lust and hunger I’ve never seen in her before.“Don’t stop. Yes. Yessssss!” and her juices squirt out around my cock.I freeze, never having felt that sensation.But Lacy cries out for me to fuck her. “Don’t stop,” she begs.So I acquiesce. Her juices squirt harder as I bury my cock in her pussy over and over. I’m moaning and panting, on the brink of orgasm. I give one last deep, hard thrust, and she screams out as all of my cum unloads into her pussy. Legs wobbling at the intensity, I collapse over her back and just breathe. When I’m able, I trail kisses across her shoulder blades before withdrawing.Lacy cups her hand underneath her dripping pussy and traipses off to the bathroom with a satisfied smile.