We were running a little late. Okay, more than a little late; I had interrupted my wife’s getting-ready routine and eaten her out to the tune of three screaming orgasms. I didn’t regret it. The sight of her lying on the bed with her skirt hiked up, legs spread in her heels and thigh highs, panting while her girl-cum dripped onto the sheets, would fuel my morning shower time for a while.She’d offered to return the favor, but we’d have probably missed church altogether and, you know… conscience and whatnot. So we headed to church. She finished her makeup in the car. When we got there, Sunday School was in full swing, so we decided to enter through the fellowship hall, wait it out, and join the masses for worship service.It was a decent plan, but you know what they say about good intentions. I took a seat while my wife went to doubl-check her face and hair. It had been a few minutes when I heard a “Pssst.” Looking up, I saw my wife standing next to the wall holding her heels and motioning me towards her.Wondering what was up, I headed in her direction. She had given me the “Shhh” sign and, frankly, looked a little flush. She didn’t say anything when I got to her, she just motioned for me to follow.We headed in the direction of the ladies’ room, which is right across the hall from the pastor’s office. She stopped in front of his door and gave me the “Shhh” sign again. Then I heard it.“Unghh! Unghh! Oh, baby! Oh, baby! Fuck me! Fuck me!”“Such a dirty little slut! Wanting my dick before the service…”“Yeah! I’m your dirty little slut!”Hmmm… seems the pastor and his wife had also skipped Sunday School. Wide-eyed, my wife had covered her mouth with her hand but showed no signs of wanting to leave. They kept going. I was starting to get jealous of his stamina when my wife tugged on my shirt. Her goal seemed to be the ladies’ room, and once she had me inside, she locked the door and dropped to her knees.Hearing the “dirty little slut” across the hall did have me hard, so when my pants hit the floor, my wife had nothing to do but swallow me whole. She did. Damn. Her delightfully wicked tongue was making it difficult to stand. Placing a hand on the wall for support, I looked down to watch her beautiful mouth going up and down on my cock. She had slipped a hand under her skirt and was rubbing hard.She pulled off briefly, jacked me with her hand, and said, “Cum for me, baby. Cum in my mouth. I’m so close!” Then she went back to work with that tongue.Her dirty words and juicy throat were doing their job. When I warned her that I was almost there, she concentrated her efforts on the tip. That’ll do it. “Shit, baby. Right there. Right there. Fuuuuck! I’m cumming, baby!”She was too, and as I filled her mouth, she clenched her thighs together and moaned orgasm #4 on my dick.Watching her swallow never gets old, and my cock twitched when she showed me her empty mouth. I was still panting when she stood, said, “You have to go!” and started fixing her skirt. I was pants up and out the door just in time to bump into the pastor’s wife. Shit.She smiled and said, “What areyoudoing in the ladies’ room?” While I stammered, she winked and ducked inside. I turned to find myself face-to-face with the pastor. To his credit, he looked a little sheepish.Laughter had broken out in the ladies’ room. The door opened and they walked out arm in arm, whispering giddily, and headed down the hall.The pastor said, “I wonder what they’re whispering about?”I winked and said, “Probably how much they both enjoyed Sunday School.”