She was heading out of the school parking lot when she got the text, on her way to Starbucks for a coffee before coming back for the PTA meeting due to start in twenty minutes.  “Book store.  Ten minutes.” was all it read.  There was no explanation.  If she’d really wanted one, she could have texted back or even called him, but she didn’t.  Instead, she turned on her left blinker rather than the right one that would have indicated a coffee-shop destination.As she drove the twelve long blocks towards the old brick-walled, wood-floored store where they first met, she found herself surprised by his abruptness and the sudden dampness of her panties.  She parked the Volvo out front and reflexively checked the back seat to be sure there wasn’t a kid still strapped in, just a habit of motherhood.  The bell hanging on the handle of the glass door jangled as she walked in.  The hunched old man behind the counter who had owned the store for decades never even looked up.  She wasn’t sure if that was because he didn’t hear it or was focused on something that only the need to open the cash register would interrupt.Regardless, she instinctively headed to the back corner of the store that housed historical fiction, wondering why her husband wasn’t at work, this being a regular school day.  She heard her running shoes squeak lightly on the polished pine floorboards as she made her way to the end of the row of shelves.  As she turned the corner and saw him, she never even had the chance to speak.He grabbed her and pushed her up against the back wall.  His hands traveled up the front of her sweater as his tongue made its way to the back of her mouth.  Pulling the sweater up and past her bra, he then fumbled with the clip that would free her breasts so he could grab them.She moaned and, sensing his struggle with the clasp, reached down and undid it for him.  Immediately her tits swung freely, and he took one of her stiff pink nipples in his mouth, sucking it like a cherry Life-Saver.  For the briefest moment, she tried to hear if anyone was close, then grabbed a handful of the hair on the back of his head and drew him in as close as she could.  He let go of one breast just long enough to look directly into her eyes, then bent back down to suck the other one.When he straightened up and stood erect in front of her, she slid both her hands up the back of his corduroy sport coat and clawed at his flesh through his Oxford shirt.  He slid his hand over the flesh of her belly and under the waistband of her sweatpants.  She listened again to see if anyone was nearby, but by the time his fingers were inside her panties, she wouldn’t have stopped him anyway.  His middle finger slid up and down the slit of her pussy and was quickly coated in juices that belied any warnings she might have muttered.Her husband slid two fingers inside her pussy while his thumb toggled her clit like the headlight switch on his MG.  She poked her head around the corner, thinking she heard someone, but she was the only one even close to coming.“Are you really going to finger fuck me in the back of this book store until I cum?” she whispered.He didn’t respond, letting his hands speak for themselves.She was grinding on his fingers, wanting to climax, but then realized she was trying too hard.  The danger was intoxicating but also distracting, making her slow to orgasm despite her level of arousal.  The elderly gent behind the counter needn’t have made his way to the back store to detect their illicit activity.  Unless his sense of smell was as deficient as his hearing, the scent of her soaked crotch would have given them away.Throwing caution to the wind and her ball cap to the floor, she reached down and, with one hand, undid his belt buckle and the zipper on his Levi’s.  She reached in to free the cock she wanted inside her.  It wasalready swollen and thick, and pulling the skin back on his tool revealed a coating of pre-cum on the head that she instinctively bent down to lick off.  Once on her knees, she wasn’t satisfied with just the salty pre-cum; she slid the full length of it inside her mouth as far as she could take it, her hand grasping and stroking the part that couldn’t fit in her mouth.And, just like that, they had crossed the line where getting caught mattered.  Usually, when she sucked his cock, he let her use her ample talents however she wanted and just enjoyed the results.  This time, however, as he stood in front of his wife on her knees, he grabbed her ponytail from behind and guided her head back and forth, slowly fucking her mouth to maximize his pleasure.He looked down just long enough to wish he could reach his phone to save the image; he knew he was close.  But watching her slide her fingers into her sweatpants and find her clit was what finally put him over the edge.As her husband fucked her face and she rubbed her pussy, she heard a grunt fall from his lips and felt his balls draw up.  She thought she could almost feel the journey of his load as it made its way through his spasming cock, and it brought her to her own orgasm.  The first shot of his climax into the back of her throat was thick and hot.  He released her ponytail and backed his dick out just far enough for the remainder of his milky manhood to coat her tongue and inner cheeks.Then, grabbing the base of his dick, she emptied whatever remained on her bottom lip and kissed the head as it slid out.The bell jangled on the front door, indicating another customer had come in.  She stood up, and they drew together, pulling their pants up so that if anyone were to see, they would look like a couple simply embracing.  They kissed, and the cum coating her tongue soon coated his, like the icing on a sinfully delicious shared dessert.“I gave my 8:00 class a “walk.” I have to be back for the 9:00, or Administration will get suspicious.  You leave first.  Once I hear the bell on the door ring, I’ll be right behind you,” he said.  As she turned to leave, he grabbed her arm, spun her back around, and licked off the small splotch of icing that remained on her chin.He made it back in time for his nine o’clock, but she was late for the PTA Meeting.  They both were distracted throughout the day and struggled to focus, counting the minutes till the kids were in bed.