(L) – This story contains strong language.Nyla’s eyes popped open. The bedroom was nearly pitch black, save for the ambient light from the night peaking through the bedroom curtains and her phone display that read “12:08 am”. She was lying on her side with her back toward her lightly snoring husband, Anthony. There wasn’t a moment in their 12-year marriage when she wasn’t attracted to him, but she had to admit to herself that it was hard to tear her eyes from him whenever he walked into a room ever since he dropped 60 pounds and replaced at least half of it with muscle. His sleep was better and deeper, as evidenced by his reduced snoring and other benefits like greater stamina and strength that paid off in several aspects of their life together. Plus, he was even easier on the eyes, if that was even possible.Nyla slowly rolled over to see Anthony lying on his back with his bald head turned away from her. Though the illumination wasn’t great, she could just make out the impressive frame of her husband that dwarfed her own. Her mind filled in the visual gaps with his light brown skin, full black beard, and thick lips outlined by the mustache that connected with the rest of his facial hair. The solid white comforter covered everything else just below his chin. He was snug and comfortable. She wanted to see the rest of him but didn’t want to disturb what looked and sounded like some of the most restful sleep her man had received in nearly two weeks. If she even risked peeking underneath that comforter, there’s no way they’d be falling back asleep anytime soon. So Nyla settled for merely admiring him with her eyes.Anthony shifted ever so slightly, and that’s when Nyla saw what had to have been there for quite some time—the comforter drastically tenting upwards above his pelvis. Nyla knew Anthony slept nude and his reasons why. First, it was freeing and let everything be loose. Second, he liked to sleep cool, and the lack of clothing kept him comfortable. The third reason was obvious: easy access for her. Nyla usually slept in short shorts and a t-shirt, but she joined her husband’s sleeping in the buff a year or so prior after trying it out for one night. So, there it was—the one thing she wanted most in the world at that moment but locked away underneath a comforter.Nyla kept her position facing Anthony, but she slowly exposed the top of her naked body to the cool bedroom air. One hand lowered the comforter from around her shoulders while the other hand began tweaking the hardening nipples of her full, pouting breasts. Her skin matched her husband’s, save her areolas and nipples, which were a deep brown set against her light mahogany skin. Her nipples were small, but Anthony always praised their beauty through words or how he would suck them while loving her.Nyla was in such deep thought about Anthony’s lips enjoying her tits that she didn’t realize the index finger of her other hand had traveled beyond her landing strip and was circling and playing with her swollen clit. It felt like a subtle buzz of power, the pleasure she was feeling. Slipping that finger into her hungry pussy, Nyla discovered she was already sopping wet. She was tight but suffered another finger inside her and found her g-spot. The more she pleasured herself, the more frustrated she became. She needed something else—that monument of sex standing straight up on her husband and daring her to take charge.It only made sense that Nyla was maddeningly lustful. She was ovulating, but that was exacerbated by the fact she began taking Anthony’s advice by partaking in various supplements with him. Regularly taking maca root powder, damiana, and citrulline only served to enhance her already healthy sexual libido. Since then, she found herself much wetter than usual—something Anthony blatantly told her he couldn’t get enough of—and she could feel her heartbeat booming throughout the walls of her pussy due to the increased blood flow. They recently started trying to start a family, and, outside of the sexual fun they were having, they left everything up to the Lord. They merely concentrated on enjoying each other.Anthony turned his head toward her but remained fast asleep. His minor snoring continued, and she could see the black hostage tape covering those lips she so enjoyed pressed against hers whenever he ate her out.Nyla didn’t want or need the foreplay or pretext, though. There was nothing to discuss. Though Anthony was a considerate and attentive lover, Nyla didn’t want his consideration or gentleness. She needed that rough side of him that only she knew about—the side that didn’t match his respectful, easy-going, nerdy, ministerial, and approachable persona. She wanted her hidden roughneck, that no-BS part of him that took charge and demanded her respect, obedience, and submission whenever he had his way with her.She craved being ravaged by Anthony and him beating her loins into deference. She wanted to be fucked relentlessly, and none of her fingers could do what her man could do. As Nyla listened to her pussy squelch with each movement of her fingers inside her, she decided the matters she’d already taken into her own hands would now escalate by getting her mouth involved.Nyla withdrew her hands from her sex and licked them, tasting herself before slowly pulling back the comforter to reveal Anthony’s chest, abdomen, and, finally, his buzz-haired cock and balls. Her eyes had adjusted to the low light, and she could see his towering, girthy flesh pulsing from his slow and rhythmic heartbeat. She scooted over to him, mindful not to disturb him. She wanted him to wake to something glorious. Just on the left side of Anthony’s imposing physique—one he worked hard to acquire for his health and her appreciation—Nyla wrapped a dainty hand around the base of Anthony’s formidable dick. She used the other to cup his weighty balls. She exhaled as she took in the sight of his voluminous glans. She marveled at it not just because of its size but also because she’d been successfully taking him all the years of their marriage. Honestly, it was a struggle for the first few years. And depending on other variables, there were more times than she could count that she needed to be warmed up to receive him. Yet, she loved it.“Thank You, Lord,” she whispered, “for giving me this man who challenges me sexually.”Nyla was already salivating. She adored fellating her husband, controlling and pleasing him with her mouth. With that, she opened her mouth and led with her tongue as she began slowly sucking her husband’s dick. Her jaws were stretched open, careful to avoid nicking him with her teeth, as she engulfed the head of his cock and bathed it with her tongue. She felt its throbbing quicken the moment the head touched the back of her throat. Though Anthony was asleep, his body was certainly aware something was happening.Anthony was confused as his mind ascended from unconsciousness. His heart was thumping, and every part of his body was rippling with an unspecified pleasure. He was warm, but the chill of the bedroom air was evident. He felt a draft where there usually was none. Something hot was on his cock. Then he felt something wet and soft caress and rub its tip while something else massaged his balls. Within a second, he grunted, not knowing what was going on, but he was sure he didn’t just wake out of a dream. His mind couldn’t rectify seeing the ceiling with what he was feeling. He looked toward his dick, discovering his exposed body and his wife, Nyla, immersed in servicing him. His moan was stifled by the hostage tape, but Nyla’s mind and mouth were so busy with his dick that it never occurred to her to look and see if he was awake.Anthony took off his mouth tape with one hand and placed his other hand on the back of Nyla’s head. Her dedication preoccupied her.Such a good wife.He studied her form from the line of her neck to the smoothness of her back that was interrupted only by the outlines of her bone structure underneath her skin. All that beauty gave way to her round and thick booty. He wanted to grab it, hold it, and knead it as Nyla continued working on his cock that pulsed in sync with his heartbeat.“Fuck, yes, baby. Suck that dick.” Anthony gasped.Nyla slurped as she pulled Anthony’s meat from her mouth, finally aware that her husband was awake. She sat up, surprised, giving Anthony a complete look at her outstanding tits. Her small nipples were encircled with tiny bumps that dotted the entirety of each areola. His mind filled out the rest of her slender frame in the darkness, and he could only imagine and remember the appearance of Nyla’s breathtaking pussy hidden between her delicate thighs.“How long have you been awake, baby?” Nyla asked.“Not long. Why’d you stop? Your mouth felt so—”Nyla didn’t wait for Anthony to finish his sentence to begin climbing aboard his body. She straddled him, having grabbed his petrified, saliva-covered cock to put it in herself and descend its length. But that’s when he saw it—her pussy. Her labia appeared full and packed with hidden goodness only the Lord could make, and he had to have it, especially upon getting a whiff of her scent that only further enraged his desire. He arrested her plunge with a stern glare.Nyla looked confused and tried to sit again, but Anthony took his cock from her hand and pulled her toward him by her round, thick ass.“Baby, I need you inside me,” she said. “Let me ride you.”“You will, just up here,” he said, pointing to his mouth. Looking up at her, Anthony saw Nyla’s shoulders drop, crestfallen. “I’ve never not given you instructions that didn’t pay off. Do what I said.”Anthony’s tone caused Nyla to appear a bit more optimistic, and she scooted forward to Anthony’s face. She hovered above it, though she wanted to sit on and be full of the massive pillar a couple feet behind her. Yet, she knew to trust the Monster she had awakened.Anthony stared at the meal that was just above his face. He could smell it. He already anticipated its velvety texture dancing back and forth on his tongue as her pussy lips interlocked with his mouth. He could see it glistening with her honey, even in the low light. Nyla’s slick cunt was just millimeters from his lips. All he had to do was barely extend his tongue to taste her. He waited a few more seconds, allowing his hot breath to rise against her sex.Nyla was confused, wondering why Anthony wasn’t tearing her apart with his tongue. She was in position and—SMACK!Anthony brought his right hand across Nyla’s left ass cheek, the slap cutting through the silence. She moaned in response as Anthony gripped the top of each of Nyla’s thighs and began pulling her down to his face.“I saidsit, not hover!” he commanded.Nyla gave in, allowing Anthony to pull her down. She was no longer straddling above his lips. Her thighs encased Anthony’s head, and her full weight was carried by his face and her legs that rested on either side of his head and the bed beneath them. Her head launched back, and her hands grabbed and held on to the headboard out of pure instinct in response to Anthony french-kissing and tonguing her pussy.His lips slowly sucked, nipped, and slurped at every part of her flower. After each movement of his lips, she felt his tongue lick her clit followed by his mouth closing around it and sucking gently. Yet, each time it happened, he sucked harder. She couldn’t resist melting into him.Anthony continued his artistry, grunting and moaning as he consumed Nyla’s crotch—sticking his broad tongue as far up into her as possible while pleasurably torturing her suffering clit. He glanced up at her, unable to see her face because it was turned skyward in ecstasy. He settled on staring at her marvelous tits that heaved with each of her gasping breaths. How he wished he could eat her while suckling at both her tits simultaneously. Alas, he had only one mouth.SMACK!Nyla felt another of Anthony’s smacks against her ass—this time his left hand on her still-jiggling right cheek. She knew what that meant and dared not disregard his non-verbal command. Nyla began moving back and forth on his face, riding it and trying to put as much of her pussy as possible into his mouth. If she could, she’d let him swallow her whole just to be totally consumed by this force of a man who could control her with just his tongue and an ass-slap even while in such a submissive position—a position in which he managed to easily assert his dominance she loved so much.She took a hand off the headboard and began rubbing her husband’s bald head as she undulated back and forth more vigorously. From his lips to his tongue, from his mustache to his beard…everything set her on fire as he created magic with nothing more than his lingual tools. The warmth built up something fierce and far faster than she could understand. She wasn’t just about to cum—she was about to squirt.Anthony felt Nyla begin quaking. She tried to lift off of him, but he anchored her to his face, desperate for her to drown him as his lips tribbed with her pussy.“Baby…baby, I’m about to fuc—shit…Anthooonnyyy…Baby!”…her words descended into breathlessness and unintelligible garble.He held her down and continued eating her. After another second, Anthony was doused with a hot, clear, slightly thick liquid that bathed his entire face. He lapped and sucked her pussy, trying to drink up as much of her fluids as possible. Nyla fell back, shaking through the orgasm with Anthony’s dick next to her head and her pussy still just an inch or so from his face.Anthony confidently and arrogantly smooched her pussy a few times, knowing full well she was his victim as long as he saw fit.To be continued in Part 2.