I can always tell when she wants it. It’s not that hard really. I went home for lunch, and while I was heating up some soup, she embraced me from behind, ran her hands into my front pockets, and started playing with my cock.“I want you to get naked and do dirty things to me,” she said.She’s so darn cute and innocent looking it never ceases to arouse me to hear, see, and feel her be so naughty.  It also reminds me of the first time I met her. She was wearing a blue dress with high heels that revealed quite a bit of her thighs and complemented her tight little ass so well. I remember admiring it and thinking about all the naughty things I would do to her if I could win her over.So I returned to work after eating lunch and day dreamed of all the dirty things I would do to her. For the rest of the afternoon, my thoughts would return to her, and those thoughts would quickly harden my cock.  Quitting time couldn’t come soon enough. Dinner couldn’t be over quick enough. Bed time couldn’t arrive any sooner.The kids obliged by falling asleep quickly. Still, I was careful not to get my hopes up too high. Much can happen in an afternoon with three little ones. The crying, fighting, and constant battles can tire the strongest of wills and sap her of all the energy she had for a passionate nocturnal romp.That fear was quickly laid to rest when she came to bed in a sexy pair of pajamas after a long hot shower. With her back to me, she lay down on her side, inviting me to rub her back.Massaging her turns me on. I love touching her skin. It fuels my arousal to hear her moan in pleasure while permiting my hands to roam the entire softness of her skin. My cock was getting harder. My desire for her became uncontrollable. I raised her shirt up a bit and kissed down the side of her body until I reached her hips. By this time, the deep tissue massage had transitioned to light feathery touches up and down her spine.“That feels so good,” she said.My cock started to tingle from the sound of her beautiful, sensous voice. I wanted more. I wanted to experience her entire body.She rolled over facing me after removing her pajama tops and bottoms. I wrapped my arms around her to bring her closer. She, in turn, wrapped her legs around mine while rubbing her pussy on my thigh. My hands found her ass still adorned with a frilly little thong.  She really wanted to be dirty. My fingers obliged.While I kissed her neck, ear lobes, and lips, my feathery touches played with her ass. My fingertips danced up and down the crack of her ass, one moment rubbing her entire cheeks and the next, just her crack and oh-so-close to her sweet pussy.By this time, she became more agressive with my clothes and began to tug at them. She wanted them off. It was time to surrender to all of the dirty desires that built up during the days.  I remembered the bedroom door was unlocked. I needed to lock it.“Don’t go,” she said.Mmmmmm, I thought to myself.On my way back to bed, I left a trail of pjs and boxer briefs, revealing my hard cock to her. She had rolled over onto her tummy with the comforter strategically placed over her beautiful butt. One of her knees peeked out at me from beneath the comforter.  I could think of nothing else but her beautiful ass underneath it. I pulled the comforter from her body. She was completely naked for me. I had never felt so hard. I was going to worship her ass.My kisses found her neck again as my hard cock pressed against her tasty bum.  Her ass felt so warm. She smelled so good. My mouth longed to taste her.My kisses moved down her spine from her neck, slowly and softly at first, but more and more passionately as I reached her beautiful butt. She cooed as I peppered those sweet cheeks with my lips. I was soon circling her crack with them and then kissing up and down it.She really wanted me to do “dirty things” to her, and I couldn’t resist it any longer. I had to.My mouth found her asshole, and my fingers found her pussy. She began grinding her naughty bits all in my face. There was no inhibition.  There was nothing but her need to come on my face, which was burried in her beautiful ass.I ate it hungrily. I felt spasms deep within me from the naughty realization of what I was doing. Her cooing intensified as her cheeks tightened around my face. They were holding me in a certain location until she came with such ferver that I almost orgasmed from the passion of it all.“Be inside me!” she demanded.I had to enter her. There was no more holding out.  Her pussy was so wet and juicy as I slid inside it.  Everything was so hot, so naughty, so very, very naked. She had completely aroused me from head to toe.I exploded deep inside her, and stayed there for a few minutes while kissing her sweet face and caressing her loving arms.I love my wife, I lust after her, I never tire of her. She has all my desire. She gets whatever she wants. We were dirty.