(A) – This story contains anal penetration and analingus.(L) – This story contains strong language.I get home from work a couple hours before my wife, which I really enjoy. This gives me time to decompress before she gets home; do household tasks, and meal prep, as I’m the main cook, and it gives me a creative outlet. Although sometimes I’m drained after work and it gives me some time for a self-care nap.The top two love languages for her are quality time and acts of service. The kinds I love receiving are quality time and physical touch.I typically get home and strip all my clothes off, shower, and if I don’t have any errands to run, I stay naked the rest of the day. I guess I’m sort of a closet nudist, since it’s just my wife and I and our cat. I love the freedom of nudity, especially in the comfort of my own apartment.On this particular day, my cock sprung loose from the confines of my pants and boxers, and I felt the cool air conditioning caress my cock and balls. I gave them a nice fondle, and slightly stretched my cock to its unconfined length. I proceeded to vacuum the floors. I get a particular satisfaction about seeing lines in the carpet after vacuuming.I loved the feeling of my dick swaying back and forth, and from side to side, as I continued with my tidying up around the house. I opened the curtains to let all the natural light in. We’re on the fifth floor, so there’s no way anyone can see me naked. (The adjacent apartment is only a three story building). On the other hand, there’s a possibility of my wife’s boobs being on display for those that are really voyeuring. Perhaps, if she stands by the window for a prolonged period, a passerby walking down the street or at the four way intersection might notice.The warm rays of the sun hit my slim, toned body, and I basked in it, feeling myself, and appreciating my sexual nature. The blood flow began filling up my cock, and it looked rather impressive when slightly aroused, if I do say so myself.I finished  my vacuuming and tidying up, did a quick workout, broke a little sweat, and headed to the shower to rinse off. My enema was on a shelf in the shower. A couple times per week, I do an anal cleanse, even if I’m not expecting anal play, but simply for a good feeling afterwards. So I filled up the blue bulb with room temperature water, squirted it up there, and flushed it out into the toilet. My diet was lighter that day, so I only needed to do it once.Feeling satisfied, I warmed up the shower water and stepped in. I stuck my middle and ring finger up my ass, and squeezed any lingering water out with my pelvic muscles. I slowly fingered around in my asshole, feeling the walls and the bud of my prostate. This was my time, and I was grateful for it. I stroked my cock and played with my balls as the warm shower water cascaded over me. Simple, pure, natural pleasure.I shut the water off, dried off, and stepped out of the tub with my dick half mast. I proceeded to lather my privates with a small amount of coconut oil we keep my the bed. If you don’t know, coconut oil is a great, inexpensive lube for handjobs and anal play, even tantric massages. “Oh, fuck,” I thought as I delicately applied the oil to my parts, and thought of two slick bodies rubbing on each other.I pulled out a small butt plug from our toy drawer and gently inserted it up my asshole. I decided I’d walk around with it in for a while as I meandered around the house, then close my eyes for about a twenty minute recharge before my wife gets home. I lay on our sofa in the living room, ass exposed, on my stomach, listening to an erotic story. I chose a long one, knowing my wife would come home, greet our cat, and find me laying face down, ass up on the sofa, listening to a sex story. I quickly drifted off in my relaxed state.About twenty minutes later, I felt a tongue around my asshole. I’d dreamt things like this before, and in my lucid state, I didn’t know what was reality and what wasn’t. The tongue delicately swirled around the plug up my ass, and I could feel a light pressure inside myself, as if the toy was softly being pushed in and out, ever so slightly. I woke up, and sure enough, it was her.The ominous, ‘her.’ Who are these ‘hers’ that men think about? We tend to try and think about what we want, who we want, but our lack of wisdom often leads us into less of what and whom God desires for us. I couldn’t dream her up. To be honest, I didn’t want what God had for me. Sorry… I used to jack off to porn stars; MILFs, the perverted step sister, or the hot teacher that made you stay after class. You know the porn scenarios.All this mention of God, other than in a degrading way, isn’t always welcome on other erotic story websites, and will make a man go flaccid, a woman dry. But here I am. If you know, you know.I found the woman I loved, who knew me, who understood me more than anyone. She is interested in me, and I am interested in her. And I’m here to tell you: she is what I need. She is what I want. She is beauty. She is Eros.This wasn’t a dream. The plug, pushed in and out by her fingers, woke me up.“Hi, baby,” she said softly as she smiled.I opened my eyes to adjust to the sunlight shooting through our tall windows, and smiled.“Well, hello there,” I said as she continued to toy with my asshole.“I like coming home to this,” she said, but then frowned. “I spotted today. My period came, but I’m not super crampy!” She said that because if she were cramping, a cock in her pussy often relieves the menstrual cramps. I’d be happy to fuck her if she wanted to, but she didn’t. (I hope period sex doesn’t sound gross, but it’s what we’ve done sometimes.)“Aw, you okay though?” I asked, concerned.“Yeah. Just tell me what you want,” she replied.“Keep doing what you’re doing. No, wait,” I said as I flipped over onto my back and raised my legs in the air. “Fuck me like this.”“Mmm, okay…” She obliged.She continued slowly pushing the plug deeper into my ass as her mouth licked all around my balls, and eventually took my dick in her mouth as it began to grow.“Ooh, fuck me. That’s good,” I say, as my cock grew enough to hit the back of her throat. Sloppy blowjob sounds came from me going deep inside her throat. As she pulled back, a long string of saliva dribbled from her mouth with a long exhale/inhale.“Mmm, I like it sloppy like that. That looks so good,” I encourage her.She sucked my cock to full length after about a minute. She pulled her tits out from her top for me to see.“Get on the ground. All fours. Is this what you do when I’m not home?” She asked in a stern voice. She wasn’t actually upset. This was clearly roleplay, because she and I both understand that we masturbate without each other from time to time.I didn’t ask questions, and got on the carpet as she continued to handle me. I was on my knees, and my face was practically on the carpet.“Mmm, yes,” I replied, wondering what she was going to do to me. Would she massage my ass? Would she get the strap on? Or worse, would she deny my orgasm? I know her well enough to know she’s not cruel. Well, not without something better in mind, anyway.“You really like toys up your ass don’t you?” She asked seductively.“Yes,” I reply.“Yes? Yes what?” She instigated.“Yes!” I said louder.“What do you like? She forcefully asked.“I like toys up my asshole!” I said even louder.“What else?” She asked, as if she didn’t believe me.“I like toys, and your fingers, and your lady-cock, and tongue up my asshole!” I specified.“Good,” She said as she slowed down. “Because I’m gonna finger fuck your asshole, and I’m gonna lick your asshole, understand?”“Ooh, yes. Please. Make me feel good!” I said from the depths of my throat.“I’m gonna finger your tight asshole. I’m gonna lick your asshole. I’m gonna milk your cock dry,” She said as she slowly removed the plug from me.“OH, my…” I groaned.The last bit of the anal plug gently pulled from my clean rectum.“Look at that,” she said as she peered into my gaping hole. “Your ass is ready for me,” she quietly mused in a sing-song tone.I felt a wad of spit shoot up my ass.“Mmm,” I muttered.She begins to lick around my open asshole.“So nice. That’s hot,” she praised, and continued rimming me.My cock was getting more and more erect with everything happening. She spat on her hand, grabbed my dick and began stroking my head. My dick was being stroked, my asshole was being thoroughly eaten out, and I was loving every second of this.“You want me to finger you as I make you cum all over the floor?” she asked.“Ohh, yeah…” I groaned.I felt two fingers inserted in my asshole, and she began to massage my prostate.“Oh my gosh. Oh my… oh fuck!” The sensations from her stimulating my prostate and stroking the tip of my cock were too much. “Oh! I’m gonna cum soon! I’m gonna fucking cum!”“Yeah?” she asked rhetorically.“Yes, right there!” I replied.After a few seconds, I began to leak cum out of my cock onto the floor before my orgasm hit.“Yes! Milk me!” I told her.Within seconds, I began blowing my load all over the hand wrapped around my cock, and all over the floor as she fingered me.‘I’m cumming! Oh my g… I’m cumming!” I stammered in ecstasy.Feeling and seeing the huge cum load shooting out of my cock, she complimented, “What a huge load! Ohh, good job!”My body writhed and spasmed, my legs shook, and my anal cavity and dick pulsated from the work of her fingers. She began to slow down, avoiding the oversensitive head of my cock in her hand. After I had a second to rest, she told me to turn over so she could suck the rest of the cum out of my dick.“Oh, wow! Uhhh. That’s good. That’ssooogood!” I moaned as she got every last drop.She was clearly satisfied with her prize, as was I.But I felt like she would soon request more satisfying for herself, and I was happy to oblige—once I recovered from her amazing milking job.