Day 5The next day, we woke up and made love again, then decided at 11 a.m. to go to a beautiful garden. We had planned on going to a museum 37 miles away, but Melodie flashed her boobs to me and wanted me to suck them—while I was on the toilet, of all places.She said, “Wouldn’t you rather go to a romantic garden then come back “home” and have more of these?”Of course, I concurred!The garden was indeed lovely. And when we got back to our Enchanted Forest room, Melodie had barely walked through the door when she bared her boobs and started stroking them while facing me.But after our late night of lovemaking, we were both sleepy. So we cuddled up and took a nap. That’s one of the things about this type of relaxing vacation: you can do whatever “cums” to mind.When we woke up, we kissed and cuddled for a while. Then, Melodie slipped out of her T-shirt and bra and cupped the side of her left boob as she lay on her right side facing me. I engulfed her nipple and areola, and I also reached down to begin stroking her wet pussy lips. Soon, I slid my finger inside, and the fingertip massaged the front wall of her vagina. So, I was stroking her internal pussy and stimming her G spot.I paused and turned on our private photos and videos app. I took several more sexy photos as my wife threw decorum to the side and struck several sexy poses, including opening her pussy lips and tickling her clit and one tit. She also stood fully nude in front of the old-growth forest mural, and I got some great sexy photos in front of a huge and beautiful tree. Then we went back to our love play on the bed.“I don’t know why I’m so horny,” Melodie said, then she kissed me in a tongue-wrestling match, followed by repositioning herself for my mouth to continue the boob play. She was on her side facing me.After a considerable pleasure-filled time that included her peeling my pajama top and bottoms off and her stroking my erection, we went into doggy style. I then took her from the rear, with me standing by the bed and her kneeling on the edge. She rocked back to engulf my hard cock deep into her pussy as I thrust deep into her soaking cunt. But I did not come yet.I returned to the bed, and she flipped over onto her back. Her pussy was inviting me, so I dove in.I gave her oral with long strokes from the vaginal opening to her clitoris, then held still with my tongue extended. I knew what was about to happen. Melodie moved her pelvis so that my stationary tongue stroked her from pussy to clitoris again! Sometimes she’d stop at her love tunnel entrance so I could push my tongue deeper into her pussy’s opening.“Do you like when I do this?” she asked me. “When I move my pelvis like this? Or should I stop?”I pulled back long enough to say, “I absolutely love it. Keep doing it!”What a fantastic taste!“Go into my pussy!” Melodie begged.I kneeled up but teased her some more by first doing tip on nip, rubbing my glans on her nipples and areola as I manhandled my cock. Then, as she buzzed her clit with her newest vibrator, I said, “Put me in your mouth for a couple of seconds so I’m wet when I go into your pussy.”Melodie was on her back, so she turned her head to take my big hard cock inside her tiny mouth. As she rocked her head, I gently pumped forward. It was an amazing sensation! She kept pulling me out to rub her wet lips on the underside of my glans. That also felt stupendous! ButMelodie’s hand stopped moving, so I grabbed her bullet vibe and refocused it on her clitoris. Some of the time, I pushed the vibrator away to stroke her pussy with my fingers.Earlier, Melodie had been saying, “Thank you! Thank you!” But she seemed even more enchanted with what we were doing now. She was so lovely during sex, and I told her how beautiful she looked while giving me oral. Then, she increased the intensity of her oral ministrations on my hard and happy member as I knelt beside her head.I nearly came! This was definitely not two seconds worth of fellatio. I could see her body writhing in pleasure as she buzzed her clitoris while simultaneously giving me head.I finally popped out of her mouth and slid into our X position. I was so wired that I lasted less than a minute once the pussy pumping started. Plus, the sensations on my rod were intense! This was because her internal pussy was pulsating like when she is cumming or has just cum. My orgasm was explosive and felt totally amazing.“I’m sorry I came so soon,” I apologized.She turned her youthful-looking face to me in a sexy but shy way and said, “I already came.”“You DID? When?” I asked.“When I was giving you oral,” she confessed, to my surprise. “It was a really different kind of orgasm, but it felt good!”I was amazed and very pleased. Melodie is often ambivalent about any type of oral sex, but she was enjoying receiving AND giving on this trip—including today! She had NEVER had an orgasm while giving me oral!Looking back, I realized that while giving me the blow job, she had all the signs of an orgasm. But I was so enraptured with what she was doing to my dick that I hadn’t noticed. And she usually verbally announces when she is cumming with her incredibly sexy and husky sex voice. This time her mouth was rather busy giving my hard cock pleasure, so she could not talk as she started to cum.Also, when I went inside her to flick her cunt, those deep muscle contractions in her pussy that were caressing my cock should have been a dead giveaway! But this was one of the best sex sessions of my LIFE, so I hadn’t realized that she had clearly cum. So I COULD have cum too, but I have no regrets because entering her pulsating pussy felt indescribable.(A few months later, she explained to me that pussy pounding after she has just cum reignites her orgasm. So, in reality, we are having simultaneous orgasms.)Right after I filled her pussy she said,” That was your best orgasm this trip; I could tell!”“That was Husband Nirvana,” I said to her. “I am REALLY glad we didn’t go to the museum!”Epilogue:I may not have mentioned some of what we did on this sexy vacation. It’s months later, and it still feels like a fantastic erotic dream! For instance, we made love again the morning we left.During this vacation—not necessarily in this order—we had gone into the X position (at right angles to each other) 10-12 times. And we did lots of oral and manual nipple play while she buzzed her clit and I stroked her pussy or penetrated her with different fingers. I had kneeled up to masturbate as I rubbed my glans on her nips(tip on nip.)  I had given her long and mutually pleasurable cunnilingus, and she’d given me fellatio multiple times. And, of course, she came as she gave me oral(!) during this most recent round. Plus, we had sex in missionary and doggy positions. I lost count of the number of orgasms we had, but it was a LOT!!!I might have gotten some of the details out of order in relating these true stories of our vacation, but please realize that it was like an erotic dream cum true! And it was every hope and wish and fantasy cum true as well.On the afternoon we were returning from the garden, I told my sexy Melodie that it all felt like a great erotic dream. I was referring to our mid-morning lovemaking session that day. But after her cumming as she gave me head, I can say that it was even more so every fantasy and erotic dream cum true that afternoon! (Pun intended.)I should mention that we prayed together the day we ate lunch in our enchanted forest before our nap. Melodie was already wired. We both were nude at the time, and she said it felt weird to pray naked. But to me, it felt like we were in the Garden of Eden with that beautiful forest mural surrounding us—and after all, Adam and Eve were naked.When my beautiful, sexy, nude Melodie prayed over our lunch, she ended the blessing of our food by gyrating her hips as she asked Heavenly Father to help us have fun after our nap.After her prayer, I said, “God is probably laughing.”I fully believe that He answered her prayer with a resounding, “Yes, I can do that! This will be beyond all your expectations!”We did not hear him say that, but our experience bears it out.After all, Heavenly Father fully approves of married sex, and I believe He blesses us through the sexual life we share with our spouse.