(L) – This story contains strong language.We had a great lovemaking session today. It had been a week, so we were both very ready! Usually we have full PIV sex every third day. But a busy week got in the way of our “alone time.”It was in afternoon after the rest of the family left to go camping for the long holiday weekend. We both showered and met nude on the bed. My beautiful wife got there first. I decided to mix it up as far as the lighting. So I opened our bedroom curtains and slightly opened the blinds. Some nice natural light lit up my wife—like the woman in the photo for this post.Looking over at my wife, I again felt amazed having such a beautiful sexy wife who I was about to love on completely. I told her “You look like you did when we made love on our cruise with the big sliding glass door opened.” (I haven’t finished writing up that story.)We started this session with some small kisses that turned into tongue-tangling ones. But I had not shaven adequately so my sensitive-skin Melody complained, “You’re pokey!”So I got up and I went to shave more carefully. When I returned to the bed, the very deep kissing started. Rubbing hands over her smooth sexy body as we kissed was very nice. “Your skin is so smooth and sexy!” I said. “Especially your tummy and these magnificent boobs!”“They are too big,” Melody complained.“No,” I insisted. “They are perfect and they give your husband incredible pleasure.” Then I added, “They give you pleasure too, when we are making love!”I handed her the mini-wand vibrator she likes to start with. And she allowed my lips only briefly on her nips. “My turn first!” she insisted. “You always go first! It’s MY turn to go first!”Who am I to argue. I know that she loves licking and orally titillating my man-nips as much as I enjoy her large feminine nipples. So her lips started on my nips as the wand vibrator was held in place by her closed legs.As she licked and sucked my left nipple I pumped my rod to full mast.“Stroke my balls,” I pled. She was soon stroking my sac as I pumped my staff. She saw how big and hard I’d gotten so she said, “You know the rule! If you can you should!”This was her invitation for my cock to go inside her pussy. But I said, “It’s a holiday weekend!” We have a deal where she gives me oral on holidays. So she slid her head and face close to my raging erection and pumped me at point blank range. I took a turn pumping my dick too.“I love doing this right in your face!” I said.She soon held my shaft and began kissing and rubbing her closed lips all over the head of my penis.“Ooooo! That feels so amazing!” I said. But then she engulfed half my rod as her hand pumped the other half. She bobbed up and down and took me deep several times as well. Then she returned to orally playing her lips games with my tip. Then back to engulfing me. This sensual erotic experience went on for probably 5-6 minutes!Finally she stopped and said, “My jaw can’t handle anymore.”“That was amazing Melody!” I exclaimed. “Your blow jobs feels better every time!!! And that was like five or six minutes! That’s way longer than usual!”“I know,” she said proudly “But I want more playtime. So she did more lips on my nip as I resumed stroking my now sexy saliva-coated cock. It felt particularly amazing after that long blow job! I could tell that she really was enjoying more of her lips on my nip.After a bit more of this she looked down to inspect my now raging cock. She said, “Now you do know the rules, if you can you should.” Then she opened her legs wide and requested the iVibe looped handle vibrator.So I sat up and gave her the vibe but I had other plans than PIV. Sliding down, I put my head between her open legs. I gave her cunnilingus including stroking and dipping my tongue into her wonderfully delicious pussy. I also spent time focused on her firm love button clitoris. This was very enjoyable to us both, so she became more turned on and I got even harder. Melody is reluctant and even a little self conscious about receiving oral sex. I reassured her how wonderful she tasted.“I couldn’t resist licking into your delicious pussy!” I said.She replied “I know,” with a lustful expression.Melody cums nearly every time we have a full lovemaking session. But when I give her beautiful pussy some oral attention, it guarantees an eventual orgasm. She does not cum from oral but it jumps her high up Mount O. And yet she does not want to receive oral sex every time we make love. I figure everyone is different.I stopped the oral loving at her saying it was enough. She used her iVibe on her clit while I orally loved on each of her nipples. Then she asked for the powerful little Sensuelle Plus bullet vibrator and I knew it was time.I moved into our go to position with me on my side and my cock lined up with her pussy. She was on her back. We call this our X position. Melody can buzz her clit as I pound her internal pussy in this position. It’s ideal for sex while using a vibrator.Just as I was about to thrust inside that gorgeous body I had a sudden bad coughing fit. It was a terrible one that really got in the way of our intercourse. I lost most of erection from this.Melody laughed at the situation and it helped me to laugh as well. Something happens nearly every time we are about to start intercourse so we were humorously philosophical about it.I told her that I knew that her left titty pump would re-inflate me. And we have an established pattern that is kind of involuntary edging. When the orgasms do come eventually, they are even better!So I slid up to her left side with my lips mostly on her left nipple. As I tongued her titty my man-tool re-inflated as expected—it always does. Melody’s breasts are soooo beautiful andsexyto me. I just feel constantly grateful. But I was also experiencing a relit fire. So I asked her if her pussy was ready to be fucked by my big cock.“Fuck me Tommy! Fuck me!” she said twice. So I again slid into X position and then carefully thrust my re-hardened cock into her wet, oiled pussy.A side note here: I applied the coconut oil before we started the sex session. Only a little oil was needed. It had been a week and I knew she’d be wired and ready to go!Back to the fucking. Yes, it is always amazing to feel her sweet pussy caressing my erection as I thrust into her. Her Kegel muscle skills are fantastic! It’s like she’s hugging my cock in a tight squeeze!I realized that I might have done fine with no coconut oil in her pussy at all. Her natural juices were flowing! I pumped her pussy for three or four minutes and she squeezed and pumped right back. I’ve cum to realize that I don’t fuck Melody—we simultaneously fuck each other. And all of this sex session was also making love with each other!“If you can you should!” she again suggested. Now that phrase means for me to fill her pussy with love cream. We have to be careful to not overwork my crappy heart.Well, I had fantastic orgasm! It seemed to go on and on with multiple peaks! I was spent.“Are you OK?” she asked me.“That was an incredible orgasm!” I exclaimed. “One with multiple high peaks!”“I’m glad!” she said. Then those hungry eyes looked at me. An aroused Melody is a beautiful sight for me. In fact I told her that she, in that condition, is my favorite view in life!We returned my lips on her nips ‘n she had a big orgasm after about four minutes. Her orgasm was also a nice long one that was very intense as well. She shook like an autumn leaf.It may seem backwards, but we cuddle with my head resting on the inside of my Melody’s upper arm. This allows for continued access to her perfect twin peaks. I also slid a finger into her pussy and then onto her near nipple to taste our love evidence. It was yummy as always. But we were both pretty spent. And so we decided that one and done was plenty this time.Besides, we had our son’s show to go to and we wanted to go get dinner somewhere near the theater.I know God is good and I am so grateful for our Savior. Heavenly Father gave us this perfect planet for us. He gave us life and His Son. And He also gave us to each other and the world is even more beautiful with my Melody. Part of that beauty is the beauty of marital sexual loving with each other!