Hubby: You serious babe? :(

Me: Yes baby...the others got the night off to watch the footy. 
I really wanted our arvo together...

Hubby: I want you so bad rn, my d is still hard.I’d been teasing my husband all day at work about how much I wanted him to pound the daylights out of my punani before our guests turned up at ours to watch the ‘State of Origin.’ But after all that, I’ve been held back at work. Texting him the bad news made me want him more.Me: I promise I'll make it up to you later ;)

Hubby: you better !!! lolFor anyone who isn’t Aussie, State of Origin is a game of Rugby League that’s played three times a year. Two states go head to head, and the best of the best play for their chance at the shield.Anyway, after a few hours of trying to get my work done and finish everything for the day while ignoring my throbbing pussy, I was done and on my way home.I was hoping I’d be alright for time even though I only had half an hour for a quickie. But as I pulled into the driveway, I noticed both sets of our friends’ cars were parked on the street.I sighed heavily and sat for a few minutes.“Damn,” I thought, looking down at my hardened nipples which were slightly poking out through my blouse, “I guess we’ll have to wait till after they leave. Hopefully, our team will win.”I walked up to the doorway and heard our friends talking and joking, along with my darling husband’s infectious laughter. I’ve always loved that sound; whenever he laughs, I laugh. It’s one of the many things that attracted me to him at the start.As I walked in, my friend greeted me with, “Oh, look who decided to join us!” She was sporting her blue New South Wales jumper alongside her husband. Our other friends had dressed in the same team colours. My husband was the only one in his maroon t-shirt, a proud Queenslander by birth—which made the game more exciting, I thought.My husband looked up at me from the kitchen counter where he was pouring some soft drinks for everyone. His dark eyes pierced me and lingered as I made my apologies known to our guests. I went over and gave him a little kiss on the cheek. He had a fresh shave, and his lightly scented skin felt so smooth.“Hi, babe,” he finally said with a sideward smile.“So how’re things at work?” my friend asked. “Can’t believe you had to stay back because everyone else decided to leave early.”I replied, “I know, right?! But it’s okay because I get a shorter day tomorrow, which means I can sleep in. And anyway, I’m just in time for the game.” I pointed at the TV. The players were singing the national anthem. Everyone turned around and started making their way to the couch.“Besides, i don’t have to do it often. It’s very rare that I’m there that late, and—”I gasped as my husband bumped into me, his cold soda spilling down my front. My white blouse was now wet and orange.“Baby, I’m so sorry! You okay?” My startled husband tried to clean up the mess on my clothes with a dish towel, then used it on the counter.I chuckled. “Don’t worry, I’m okay. I’ll just quickly go and change and freshen up. You guys start watching. All good bub, I got this. It ain’t so bad.”I quickly dashed into our bedroom, removed my shoes, and then stepped immediately into our ensuite and flicked on the light. I didn’t want to drip since we rent and get regular inspections. I’m sure the landlord wouldn’t appreciate the light-coloured carpet becoming polka-dotted Fanta orange.I stripped down naked, even my white bra now tinged in tangerine. I knew it’d come out in the wash, so I tossed it aside too, and tried to remove some of the sticky residue clinging to my torso. The wet washcloth left me damp enough to bring a little as it was a breezy night, and the cold tiles under my feet weren’t helping.Suddenly, I heard our bedroom door close. Hubby must be coming in to change his shirt, I thought.“Baby, my bra is orange. Lucky it wasn’t the grape juice we had the other day because that would be—”I looked up from the basin to find my husband standing behind me shirtless and with a very serious look on his face.I turned around to ask him if he was alright, but I felt one of his big hands on my lower back pulling me in, the other cradling the back of my head, forcibly pulling me into a kiss. It was wet and passionate, our tongues locking, our breathing heavy, and my hands climbed all over his bare back.He pulled away for a moment, still giving me that sexy serious stare but not saying anything. My pussy was so damp; he knows this look gets me wet every time.After a few moments, I whispered, “Come on, let’s go back out. We’ll finish this up later…” I went to move but felt his hand grip my hair— tight!He leaned into my neck, running his soft lips over my skin until they came to my ear. Then with his deep husky voice, he whispered, “You were late. You owe me…. and I want my payment upfront.”The next thing I knew, I was whisked around to face the mirror, and his other hand was pulling my hips back onto him. I felt his hard member clumsily hitting the back of my thighs and ass.“Baby!” I tried to whisper, but it came out as an exclamation.Before I could continue, his hand came to my mouth and covered it. His eyes came back to mine, and now he wore a slight smirk. “Now, not a word, or our guests will hear.”With that, he thrust himself into me, and I let out a loud muffled moan. This made him pull tighter against my mouth. I couldn’t help it though. His dick felt so good inside me after hours of anticipation, but it was his forcefulness that took me by surprise.Bang. Bang. Bang.I could hear my breathing getting quicker and heavier through my nose the more he thrust. I could hear his groin area making a slapping noise against my ass filling the room. My hands rested on the edges of the marble basin, my tits bounced back against my chest. I caught a glimpse of him behind me in the mirror, that look of concentration mixed with passion… this man was on a mission.His eyes suddenly stared into mine. He slowed right down and took his hand off my mouth so that it could make its way to one of my tits. I took the opportunity to take a deep breath through my mouth… which turned into a sharp inhalation at the touch of his cold hand cupping my breast.I wanted to turn around again and kiss him—or even get on my knees and suck his hard member— but the thought was interrupted by a sudden knock on the bedroom door, along with the voice of our mate on the other side.“Oi, bro, where’s the remote at?”We both became statues. I was too scared to breathe, and I could tell by the look on his face that my husband was too.“We’re tryna put the volume up!”My husband took a deep, steadying breath. “It should be on the counter, or try between the couch cushions!”After a few seconds of muffled voices, we heard “Don’t worry, mate, we found it! Hurry up, guys! The Blues already got a penalty!”I couldn’t help but smirk at hearing that, but it was quickly noticed as he turned back to the mirror to stare at me.“Yeah, man… I’ll be out in a sec.” He began thrusting again, but harder. “Just taking care of something.”I couldn’t help but let out another little moan, his piece inside me hitting a blissful spot.Smirking, he leaned forward and tugged my hair. I knew what that meant:Shut up and let me fuck you.His breathing got heavier, and now I could hear him starting to moan under his breath.“You’re a bad girl… making me wait….”I bit my lip in the mirror for him to see; I know he loves that. I made sure he knew I was enjoying it, which I hoped would get him more excited and he’d pound me even more…and it worked.I put my hands on the mirror to stabilize myself; I had no choice. Any harder and I’d knock my head into it, and my pelvis was gonna be so bruised by the edge of the counter after this. I didn’t want it to end, but I felt my pussy tighten and my orgasm building.My man’s piece moved faster, which indicated he was getting there too. Now he was groaning, trying to keep it in. I moaned very softly and paused to see if he would rouse on me. He didn’t… so I did it again.“Ohhh, yes… yes, baby. Yes,” I said so faintly. This made him go harder again, and I was at the edge of my climax. “Cum in me, babyyy… fuuuuckk!” My orgasm took over my body. My toes began to curl and my legs started to shake.He closed his eyes and slowed his thrusts… and with that, my man exploded in me.I felt my body and his relax and go limp… like ragdolls. With his body still leaning against my back, I slowly pushed myself up to look at him through the mirror again, our eyes meeting once more.I twisted to face him, picking up one of the towels as I turned, and leaned in. “Go, baby, before they get sus.” I handed him the towel and kissed him passionately before turning back around to find another face washer to pat myself down with from all the sweat that was now mixed with the sticky soda on my body.A minute later, my husband walked back out of our room.“Sorry, guys, you know what women are like! A wardrobe full of clothes and she claims she has NOTHING to wear.”Judging by the laughs that followed, I gathered they bought the story and didn’t enquire any further. Probably 20 seconds after that, I heard more exclamations in the direction of the TV.My legs were still shaky, and I couldn’t help but laugh to myself. How naughty we were, doing it with people right outside our door.I love that man.My husband’s team won that night. But I was the one who was going to be celebrating; because once our guests left… well, you can imagine.