I wake to the cool ocean breeze.  Waves crash over the rocky beach in the distance, and jungle birds screech and call. But nearby, I hear the sound of water running over my handsome husband as he showers on the deck. A quiet moan escapes me at the sight of his toned, fit body and of his big soft cock responding as he lathers it up, stroking a little more than washing.Rolling out of bed, I walk across the bedroom. Tim’s hot gaze follows my slim figure, my swaying tits, and the straight black hair that cascades down my back as I stretch and hide a yawn behind a dainty hand.  Then I step under the gentle spray. Pressing my body against his, I pull his face down and kiss him deeply, passionately.  My belly presses his cock between us, and I feel him growing stiff against me. Gasping, I slide my hands between us and wrap them around his now hard, throbbing cock. Pulling back a little, I make room to stroke him.“Mmmm, I missed you, baby.”He grins, knowing we haven’t been apart in the three months since we married. But he just says, “Show me.”I smile and go down to my knees as the warm water rains over us. Looking up as I pull his cock to my mouth, I open wide and take his head in.  His cock stretches my mouth to the point it’s almost uncomfortable. Slowly I slide his cock in and out of my hot wet mouth, gagging a little as the head touches my epiglottis each time I push down.I pull off his cock. “Mmmm, you have a big cock, baby.” I stuff it back in and suck him harder and faster.“That’s it, beautiful. You want it all, don’t you? You want to take my big cock down your throat.”I moan, then hold him at the opening of my throat and gag.  Reaching down, he caresses my cheek.  I slide his big cock out and pout as I rub him against my face.“I do, but it’s so big, baby.”Smiling down at me, Tim tells me to relax.  Then he threads his fingers through the hair at the back of my head and made a fist.  I let out a sigh and felt my body tingle and go completely limp.  He opened his hand and gently pulled my lips to his cock, and I opened my mouth as he slowly guided me down on his cock.  When he reached my throat, I gagged a little, but he kept up the steady, not-too-gentle pressure. My eyes went wide, but when he felt me tense, he tightened his fist in my hair again, and that amazing calm flowed over me again. His big cock strained against the tight ring of my palate, stretching it until he slid into my throat completely and my face met his abs.“OH, my Shay.” Tim’s body shook.I can’t create any suction with my mouth and throat so full, so start to work my tongue along the underside of his cock. Each forward thrust of my tongue created a little breathing room behind his cockhead and lets a moan escape. I feel so proud of myself, and my pussy juices begin seeping out.“Yes. Oh Shay, yes.”Slowly Tim pulls me back by the fist in my hair and his thighs begin to shake. He pushes back in just as his cock starts pulsing. His hot cum floods my mouth and slides down my throat as I quickly swallow, choking a little at the volume.  Tim slowly pulls out, coating my tongue with the last of his cum. I hold it in my mouth and play with it.Tim reaches down and helps me to my feet. He kisses my cum filled mouth with such deep passion our tongues dance together in his cum.  Then he pulls his lips away, shows me his cum on his tongue,  and moans as he swallows it. I grin. I know my husband is far from done with me.Spinning me around, Tim pushes my shoulders down until my chest meets the deck railing. He stretches my arms along the top of it as I look down at the crashing ocean waves. My legs are spread, and he presses and rubs his cock against my pussy, which is flowing like a waterfall. Finally, he shoves all his huge cock into me, burying himself deep in my core. His manly hands squeeze my hips as he pounds my pussy.Soon my hand dives down to find the little nub of flesh that will help me catch up to his level of pleasure. With each hard thrust of his hips, my pussy tingles, and my juices flow onto my fingertips. My eyes flutter, and I feel lightheaded as he explodes inside me. He pumps his hot cum deep into me, over and over. Just then, my legs tremble and go weak as I cry out, and our juices gush from my pussy and drench our thighs.