This post contains strong language (L).Day four. The last full day in Santa Fe. Tomorrow they’d get up, load the car, and head back home and to all the realities that went with it. One more day before the pressures of life would once again try to take center stage, try to push their raw sexual energy and desire to the background.They woke up to the sun streaming through the French doors of the balcony. The curtains were left open the night before to view the snow lightly falling on the mountains in the distance and the stars shining above.She lightly stroked his morning erection until it reached full hardness. Rolling over to her belly, she raised her ass up, resting her upper body on her elbows.She looked over at him and didn’t say a word, only smiled.Decades of being married sometimes rendered words unnecessary.He rose to his knees behind her, wrapped his hand around his swollen shaft and rubbed the head of it up and down the length of her smooth, wet groove peaking out between amazing ass cheeks. Pulling back slightly, he saw a clear coating of juice covering the head of his dick and knew she was ready. After sliding up and down her pussy two more times, he plunged his full length into the depths of her. She gasped and threw her face into the pillow below.Sometimes when they made love, they were silent. Other times, he would describe in detail what he saw as he looked down on the scene before him. Today he talked.“The sight of my dick gliding all the way into your pussy makes me want a video of it so I could enjoy it any time.”Her answer was to thrust her ass up higher in the air, granting him maximum access.“Your asshole is so sexy,” he continued, “the way it puckers out every time my dick slides into your depths.”The talk continued while he fucked her, spelling out in detail some of his favorite memories of their making love in the past.“Do you remember the first year we were married, and we drove to your grandparents’ house? We were horny the entire drive up.When we got there, you didn’t want to have sex because you were afraid they’d hear us. Do you remember?”Her answer was to arch her back and grind her pussy all over his dick.“It took all my skills to talk you into it. My tongue buried deep inside you finally convinced you. It took all you had to be still and quiet while I fucked you to orgasm and filled your sweet pussy with my load,” he said.She moaned out loud while he reached under her and stroked her clit with each thrust.“Just like I’m going to fill you with my cum any minute now.”She held still while he took deep strokes inside her and rubbed her swollen, sensitive nub.She was on the edge of orgasm but able to delay it for a few seconds. Feeling his cock shudder inside her, shooting streams of cum as deep as it could, brought her release.They both knew there was nobetter way to start the day.Breakfast in the hotel cafe was followed by a walk around the historic square, shopping, and an afternoon visit to the Georgia O’Keefe Museum. Inside the gallery, every one of her paintings seemed to carry an erotic theme, many of which he would share with her.Looking at a stylized painting of an iris, he whispered in her ear, “That’s what your pussy looked like this morning while I was gliding in and out of it. Swollen. Thick.Covered in dew.” The afternoon progressed, and the erotic build-up before getting back to the hotel was intense.Once back in the room, they showered together, soaping one another and continuing the tease. Drying off, he handed her a thick terry robe from the hotel and told her to put it on. He did the same, and guided her to the leather couch in front of the fire, started before they showered.“Sit down,” he told her.“Get comfortable. Spread your legs. Wide. Wider. Yes, just like that. Perfect.”He walked to his suitcase and rummaged through the clothes until he got to something at the bottom that he’d been saving till now. He pulled out two packages, one for each of them. As he walked across the room, robe open, she could see his dick was already thick. He handed her one of the packages and sat in the large leather chair across from her, the other package in his hand.“Open it.”Inside her package was a new, life-like, vibrating dildo with nine different settings to make it throb, thrust, or vibrate in whatever manner she chose.A tube of lube was in the package as well.On one arm of the overstuffed leather chair was his own package; on the other, his iPad.Opening his package, he pulled out a soft silicon cock sleeve.She looked surprised when she saw it, having never seen one before.They’d made use of several different toys throughout their years, finding it often added an interesting and erotic element.This new one took her to a new level, offering realism and a range of sensations he thought would be a good finish to their time in the hotel.The cock sleeve was something he happened upon while searching for her dildo and thought it would be fun to have a toy he could use as well, though he didn’t have high expectations for it.“I’ll tell you when to make use of your new toy,” he said and then reached for the iPad.In preparing for the evening, he’d searched MarriageHeat and located three different favorite stories.Each was lengthy enough to serve his purpose, with enough detail for the desired effect.Before starting the first story, he looked over at his wife across from him, robe open, legs spread, a smile on her face.He never tired of seeing her naked and vulnerable.The sight of her bare breasts and swollen hard nipples was a vision he treasured.Seeing her pussy lips already swollen with desire made his dick twitch before he ever started reading.The first story was about two young couples camping in separate tents, getting horny, and engaging in all manner of physical pleasure deep in the forest. What made it effective was that each couple could hear the other, adding to their own arousal. The author excelled at describing the details of their pleasure. Reading about their encounter was the perfect prelude to the encounter about to take place in the hotel room.“Stroke your pussy,” he told her midway through the first story.He watched her put a small amount of lube on the dildo and spread it over the surface.She turned it on to the lowest setting and caressed her outer lips.Watching her pleasure herself brought him to full hardness.He reached for the lube and stroked a thin layer on his cock.Inspecting the silicone sleeve, he didn’t see any way he’d be able to fit his wide dick into it. It took effort to force it onto him. That’s when he noticed the ridges inside the tube. They had an interesting effect. Another squirt of lube into the end of the sleeve enabled him to squeeze his dick all the way into it. He wasn’t sure he really liked the effect.And then he was. Very sure.As she applied a little more pressure to her pussy with the dildo, he slowly stroked his cock with the sleeve. He pulled up the second MarriageHeat story, ironicallyabout a couple on vacation somewhere near a beach. It went into great detail about the husband licking his wife’s pussy and, eventually, the wife sucking his dick.“Put the vibrator all the way in,” he told her midway through the story. She didn’t have to be told twice.The story on the iPad then went a different direction, with the hero and heroine being watched by workers. The heroine decided to give them the show they wanted. As he continued reading the story, she was sliding the vibrator in and out of her pussy faster. She pulled it out just long enough to turn up the setting.Watching her, he stroked his cock with the sleeve and noticed how intense the pleasure was from the softness of the sleeve and the firmness of the ridges gliding over the head of his dick. His gaze was diverted back to the story.Three paragraphs left, the climax, if you will.“Get ready to cum,” he told her, “whenever you’re ready.”The couple in the story came to crashing, wet, sloppy orgasms in full view of a small crowd of workers outside their room.She screamed in a fit of passion while he sucked her clit. He’d ejaculated on her tits after she’d sucked him to the point of no return.As the couple in the story came, so too did she and he.She threw her head back and shoved the dildo in as deep as it would go while adjusting the angle for the maximum effect on her clit.Watching her bring herself to such an incredible orgasm with his new gift for her, he stroked himself to his own wet, sticky, eruption. His cum dripped out of the end of his new, purple toy, tightly surrounding his satisfied dick.They never got to his third story, but he didn’t think they would.