My wife and I had decided to take a long-needed vacation, but we didn’t want to fight the usual crowds and tourist traps at the beach or in the mountains. She had been perusing other options for a couple of days when she said, “Hey Babe, how about this?”I took the phone from her hand and saw that she had discovered a small BnB-type listing a couple of hours’ drive from our house. It was a camper with all the basic amenities located on the bank of what looked to be a rather picturesque river.I told her it definitely had potential.She thought so too, and tried hard to sell it. “We could take everything we need and be completely by ourselves for a few days.”Her look was hopeful, and I was leaning towards a yes, but she was getting impatient.“See, it’s pretty private. There’s even a dock and a canoe!”I was still holding her phone, but she had crept closer, and I could feel her breasts pressing against me. Her lips moved close to my ear and she whispered, “That dock looks sturdy. We could check your *outside* box.”The speed with which I moved caught her off guard, and she squealed in mock protest as I quickly pinned her on her back and removed her panties. Plunging myself into her depths, I decided to have some fun.Relentlessly pounding her, I asked, “What are we going to do on that dock?”“Nnnggghh. We’re gonna fuck!”“What are we going to do in that canoe?”“Ahh, ahhh. We’re gonna fuck!”“What are we going to do in that river?””Shit! Oh, God! Baby! We’re gonna fuck!”I covered her mouth with mine and pummeled her until we both came. Neither of us had stopped panting before the camper was booked.The appointed day arrived, and we loaded the truck and headed off. The drive was pleasant and once we arrived in the nearby town, we were both taken with its quaint beauty. We stocked up on supplies at the local store and made the short remaining drive to the camper.Pulling in, we realized the pictures hadn’t done it justice. The plot wasn’t huge, but it was beautiful and very secluded. The landscape was covered in well-kept grass and sloped gently to the water’s edge. The dock floated in the gentle current, and the canoe bounced on the light waves.After we made our way inside the camper, we found it to be immaculate. There was a note on the counter welcoming us and detailing the preparations they had made for our arrival.  These folks were getting a tip.  My wife and I looked at each other with mild disbelief at how perfect it was. There was nothing to do but unload the truck and start enjoying ourselves. That done, we each changed into our “river wear”; hers consisting of a barely there bikini and mine of some old pool shorts. Then we each grabbed a towel and a drink and headed to the dock.Wanting to set the tone for the week, I dropped my towel to the dock and spun her to face me. I captured her lips with mine, and as we moaned into each other’s mouths, I first pulled the strings on her top, then her bottoms. With her bikini in a little pile, I continued to kiss her as I spread her feet and inserted two fingers into her very wet pussy.Her fingers clawed my back as she broke the kiss, dropped her head back, and moaned obscenities while I finger fucked her sweet cunt. I was in a mood, so I wet the middle finger of my other hand and snaked it down to her puckered hole. When I slipped it in, her knees buckled and I guided her slowly to the dock.She was now on her hands and knees while my fingers worked both her pussy and her ass. The moans and words from her mouth fueled my lust as I relentlessly assaulted both holes. Her hips were bucking against my fingers, and I knew she was getting close, so I slipped behind her, removed my finger from her ass, and replaced it with my tongue.That did it. “Unh, unh! Oh God! Oh God! Shiiiiiiiiiit!” Boom. Pussy juice soaked my fingers and her puckered hole squeezed around my tongue as she bucked through her exquisite release.Before she could come down, I stretched out the towel and scooted her onto it. My dripping cock was demanding release, and I wasn’t going to deny him.She was now on her back with her legs spread wide. I eased in the tip and enjoyed the otherworldly sensation of her hot wetness encasing me. She grabbed her own ankles, and I placed my hands on the dock beside her tits and hammered her as hard as I ever had.We were groaning and moaning in unison as my cock, coated with her slippery wetness, glided in and out of her soaked pussy. My balls slapped her sweet ass with each thrust, and we were both covered in a wet sheen.She released her ankles and locked them behind my back. Slipping one hand between us, she started rubbing her clit while the other lifted one of her nipples to her mouth. Her moans, my grunts, and the sounds of wet bodies slapping against each other echoed across the river.The entire scene was making me primal, so I pulled out of her suddenly and guided her once again to her hands and knees. I wasted no time in penetrating her from behind. I had the fleeting thought of wishing I could film this, but I was shaken from my reverie when she said, “Please Baby! Fuck me!” So I did.Here we were, husband and wife, fucking in the wide-open beauty of nature. Joined as one, our orgasms built together until we both cried out in sweet agony. It was beautiful.We collapsed together on the dock and intertwined ourselves with each other while whispering our love. It was going to be a delightful week on the river.