I’ll start by admitting I’ve never engaged in any type of bondage play. I have considered it, as I find the idea entertaining. To be bound motionless while giving complete control of pleasurable stimulation to my Mary would be fun to experience. I’ve no interest in the idea of administering or receiving pain as a part of this play. Only activities that would be pleasurable would be allowed. Teasing to the point of edging would be a desirable outcome. Continual stimulation using hands, mouth, even toys would be acceptable and welcomed, up to and even beyond reaching a orgasm.I’ve imagined myself as the recipient of this behavior and admit it excites me. I’ve also imagined my Mary, bound in a comfortable position so that she’s unable to move when play begins. Watching her response to a variety of pleasurable stimuli as they were applied would be memorable.I’ve witnessed her experience orgasm after orgasm often with only seconds in between. She’s never asked me to stop my activities during our playtime. Shehastold me, “I need to feel you inside me, before I get too tired.” Then she mounts me, riding vigorously until she has a few more orgasms. She then climbs off to drift into a deep sleep. I’ve wondered about the limits of her endurance to sexual stimulation. I wonder if my imagined scenario would find those limits, if they exist.Yesterday, I awoke feeling her hand on my stomach. I moved it down to my resting member. She began to gently massage it, then stopped. She quickly applied a generous portion of a heating lube and resumed slowly stroked my “softy.” Normally I’d get hard quickly when the slightest attention is given.  But for whatever reason, today I didn’t. It felt nice, a pleasant feeling that I just enjoyed without a build up of sexual tension. This activity continued for some time.I imagined myself tied down, unable to move. She stroked my shaft and gently massaged and tugged on my scrotum. These thoughts resulted in my softy slowly becoming hard.  In my mind, I was unable to move, held captive to her efforts to pleasure me. About this time, Mary slipped beneath the covers and began giving some oral attention to my excitable private parts. Licking, kissing, sucking, she slowly gave me oral pleasure. I continued to remain as motionless as possible, resisting the urge to respond to her efforts.I think what a blessing God has given me, allowing me to meet and marry my Mary. And for gifting her with a strong passion for seeking marital bliss in our love for each other.Up to this point I’d remained immobile and avoided returning any attention toward her. I felt this maybe was a little unfair. She succeeded in getting me close to my happy ending, so my hands found her favorite places to touch. I thought I’d need some lube for gently rubbing her favorite places, but I discovered her external lips had already become swollen and moistened in excitement from the attention she’d given me. As I kissed her nipples, I noticed they had already hardened, and she moaned and shivered when they were given my attention.I asked if she wanted to go for a ride, and she replied, “I’m ready.” And she was. I noticed her inner walls were very wet and relaxed. This may have been from her having several orgasms in her excitement at stimulating me.When I enter her after she’s had a few orgasms, her vaginal walls have relaxed a bit. Her internal and external lips are sensitive to touch. I’m able to last much longer when she’s in this state, to both of our enjoyment. After she’s climaxed several times, I’ve noticed she sometimes experiences a wet discharge. She squirts over me while experiencing a strong orgasm. An enjoyable, if messy sensation.My bondage fantasy may someday come true, as I felt close, imagining it as our play began earlier today. Until it happens, I will continue to enjoy the exciting build up we experience in our play together. And I’ll thank God for the passionate mate that has blessed my life.