When we were younger and had little ones, we would go to a fishing lake in Pennsylvania on July 4th. No one else was there, so we’d spend a wonderful, peaceful day with some lake swimming. Later on, we would go elsewhere for the evening festivities. So, one time, the wee ones were napping on lawn blankets while we snuggled on the bench seats. And then I just started enjoying my wife’s little titties. She liked it so much that she just about came in her jeans as I played with her titties in various ways, feeling her nice, hard nipples. Then a small one stirred, and the moment was lost—kinda.On the trip home, my wife said we should take our large tent back there on the following 4th—alone—or somewhere else like that in the woods with no one around. She got super turned on with that minimal experience of “sex” out in the open, so we planned to keep the flaps open so we could see outside (but with screens; bugs were not invited.)  We’d have lots of sex: on top, from behind. Her ass ALWAYS turned me on, especially wonderfully exposed to my eyes. Even as I type this, I just got a nice hard cock.I expected a greater exploration of oral sex out there, too. Liz was starting to allow that more often. She tried to get me to enjoy anal play for prostate massage. She loved watching my cock cum, and I found out later how well her finger in my butt worked, but at the time, I said no. I wish I hadn’t.We never worked that idea of tent sex out in reality, something I still regret. But we talked about it from time to time for a while. But to imagine all that fabulous, intense sex (which could always happen with my Liz) still keeps me going during masturbation. And now, finding sites that validate proper-in-the-mind masturbation, I would like to think that would have become another part of our sex life too. It’s so easy to picture us standing in front of each other and playing in each other’s bush, me rubbing her hard clit, and she, my stiff cock. We’d have let our cum drip just for the visual excitement, setting the other up with a show for their masturbation. We’d be proud and loud out there where no one else could hear or see.Reading some MH stories, I can have exciting times making my cock show off what it can still do at 69—my age, not the position—like I will when I finish typing this. I expected that would happen… probably even planned it that way. I’ll enjoy a great jerk-off with an imaginary trip out in the woods, alone with my extremely hot wife like we always dreamed. I expect we would have gotten more intense and loud, knowing no one could hear us; that bit of restraint would be gone that day. And even more, we would find new ways to orgasm with and for each other.Well, off to see my cock cum.