(L) – This post contains strong language.God’s work is all around us. It can be easy to dismiss the small things as coincidental, but when you catch a glimpse of divine intervention, or the whispering of the Holy Spirit, it really takes your breath away.This is a shared account for a Christian, heterosexual, faithful couple. I am Greg and she is Rachel. We have been together for 16 years, 11 of which we have been married. Our sex life has always been great. Everything from sweet, sensual lovemaking to raw, primal fucking. There have been times where is has slowed down. I worked swing or graveyard shifts for a long time, and sometimes it was due to stress, family, the usual suspects. This has never made our sex bad, just not as frequent as we would like. We also had to keep things down for a long time while my father or one of my wife’s sisters would live with us intermittently.Recently we were going through a rough patch and our friendship was suffering, our sex life was suffering, and we were both fed up. We had to have one of those late night, hard discussions that no one ever looks forward to having, but it’s important. During this discussion, she was expressing to me her need to ramp it up, try different things, and increase the frequency of our lovemaking. Some might sarcastically think, “Oh no, my wife wants to have dirty, kinky sex all the time! No! What do I do?” Sounds like a problem to have, right?We took the opportunity to really be raw and honest about our needs, wants, and desires. We needed more sex, and we wanted to try new things. We both had fantasies we hadn’t explored. We have always been the couple that touches every time we’re close; a sneaky handful of her amazing DD breasts; a hidden squeeze of my cock when she finds an opportunity. We send each other nude pictures when we are apart and express through text messages how we want to touch, taste, and fuck each other silly when we get home.Since we had the conversation, I really wanted to take her seriously, and started searching the web. I came across this site and knew right away that I was in the right place for us. Reading the “About” section, I was thrilled to see other Christians, couples, and people in general who agree that an amazing sex life and open, honest communication really is the key to happiness in relationships.I went to the story section, started reading, and reading, and getting very aroused. I pulled the trigger and sent her a link. At that moment, she was in the house, and I was in the back yard. Before I knew it, she was coming out the door. She was flush….her pierced nipples were erect under her shirt. I could tell she was turned on.We created an account and have been reading these stories and topics daily for the last month, sending each other links to stories that turned us on, and then having mind-blowing sex after a long day of teasing each other relentlessly.We are going to be posting some stories from our life together soon. [Editor’s note: one story, “Vacation Sex Under the Stars (L)“, was posted today!]We wanted to take a moment to introduce ourselves and say we are grateful to have found this site. Some of you on here have inspired some pretty hot sex.