I entered the dojo feeling nervous and unsure. Was I at the right location? As a single lady in the city, I had decided to take some self-defense lessons, but this place was empty.“Hello?” I called. “I’m here for the self-defense lessons.”From the back of the room, a man started walking toward me. As he got closer, I couldn’t help but notice that he was pretty good-looking. Though his gi covered his body, I imagined he must have some nicely chiseled muscles underneath.Focus, girl!I chastised myself.You’re here for lessons, not looking for a date!“Hi, I’m Justin. This is my dojo, and you’re at the right place. So you’re looking to learn some self-defense?” he said with a polite—and gorgeous—smile.“Yes, the flyer said to be here at six. Did I get the time wrong?” We were the only two in the whole place, which made me a bit uneasy.“6:00. That’s right. We can wait a few minutes to see if anyone else shows up, or you can try 2:00 on Saturday.” He stood right in front of me with his hands on his hips. His gi gapped a bit at the chest and verified my assumption about his muscles.Mustering my courage, I answered, “No problem. I can wait.”“Great! What’s your name?” he asked with a quick up-down glance at my body, swift enough that I could have imagined it.“Rachel. A friend recommended getting lessons, and I noticed your flyer, so I thought I’d check it out.”“Awesome! Nice to meet you, Rachel.” He extended a hand, and I took it. His warm fingers wrapped around mine, giving my hand a firm shake.“Nice to meet you as well, Justin.” I glanced at his left hand; no ring. A smile flashed across my face, and he returned it. We continued to make small talk about the weather and his dojo for a few minutes. The conversation flowed easily, and I started to feel more comfortable about being there.Then Justin said, “Well, it’s ten after. I don’t think anyone else is showing up. Do you still want to learn some basics? I would understand if you wanted to come back another time.”“Let’s do this,” I replied. “I’m already here, so I might as well make the most of it!”Justin smiled. “Excellent! Take your shoes off and meet me on the mats.”Once I’d followed him to the practice area, Justin explained that we would go through a few disabling moves and a couple of restraint breakouts. The first thing he showed me was how to defend against a knife. I noticed that his hand lingered on my arm for a moment more the necessary, and my heart skipped a beat. As he continued to teach me, his body began to stay closer to mine, and his touches lasted longer.Next came the restraint breakouts. Justin talked me through each one step by step, demonstrating with an imaginary attacker, then told me he would put me in a hold and let me try to escape. I faced away from him, and he quickly came up from behind and grabbed me with one arm around my neck as the other pulled my wrist behind my back. I wiggled around a bit and managed to break free.“Good!” he said. “Now, this one is tougher.” His arms wrapped around my body, and he pulled me into him.My heart raced! I tried to wiggle free, but he laughed at my meager attempts. Then he quickly turned me around to face him and held my arms behind me. My chest pressed hard against his, and I’m sure he could feel my breasts heaving.“How’re you going to get out of this?” Justin whispered.I wiggled some more and tried to bring my knee up to kick him, but it was no use. “I… I can’t.”He pulled back a little bit and looked into my eyes. Then he smiled and—kissed me! Our lips locked, and though I resisted, he forced my lips apart and moaned into my mouth.Suddenly, I found myself thrown to the mat. I barely had time to free my arms to catch myself! Then he came down on top of me, kissing me again. I didn’t resist much this time; he was a fantastic kisser! Instead, I returned his kiss, which grew more passionate. I felt him start to grind on top of me.Is this really happening? In the middle of an empty dojo?It had been so long since I’d had sex, and my body yearned for it. Every touch. Every kiss. I deeply and decidedly wanted—no, needed more! A moan tore from me as he took my wrists and pinned them above my head.“Do you want me?” he asked with a sincere look.“YES!” I blurted out, sounding a little more excited than I meant to.That was all Justin needed to hear. He pulled my tank top up to my neck and yanked down my bra cup to reveal my left breast as his head dipped to suck on it. Quite the expert, he worked my raspberry, flicking the nipple with his tongue and nibbling at it. Then he moved to my right breast and repeated the action as he kept my wrists captive with just one hand. (I wasn’t planning to move them anyway!) As he came up to kiss my lips again, his free hand untied his belt and opened the front of his gi. His sexy, impressive chest pressed against mine as we continued to make out. Cautiously, he removed his hand from my wrist and traced it down my arm to fondle my breast.I started to gyrate slowly to feel all of him; those pants weren’t hiding his huge hard-on at all! He took advantage of my movement to swiftly pull my shorts and panties down to my knees, then began to kiss his way down my abdomen.“Tell me what you want,” Justin urged.“I want to feel you inside me! Oh, please! Please do me!” I begged.With that, he slid his pants down, and I saw his cock for the first time. What an incredible, thick beauty! I knew I had to have it; I wanted it so badly.Thankfully, Justin didn’t waste any time. With one thrust, he was deep inside me! OH….MY….it felt heavenly! Thrust after thrust, he stuffed his cock deep inside my pussy. The pure ecstasy! He didn’t slack off, and I could feel an orgasm taking hold of my body. As he kissed me deeply, my pussy tightened, and then… wave after wave of pure bliss!! I couldn’t restrain a scream of pleasure.Justin changed his motion for a while to let me ride out the waves but soon returned to making forceful full strokes. He pounded me over and over and over again. Then, letting out a deep growl, he started thrusting faster. I knew his creamy load would explode soon. Finally, with one final thrust, he cummed. His man seed filled my pussy and began to leak out.Justin slumped on top of me with exhaustion and slowly pulled his cock out of me. As he rolled over, our eyes locked. My handsome husband lay next to me, and we both giggled at the roleplay we’d accomplished.“Wow! That was hot, babe!”“So hot,” I replied. I love my man more than anything and am super excited when we get to share moments like this.