It was 7:30 AM on a Sunday. I had just woken up. E was already out in the living room catching up on some work before we soon would get ready for the 8:30 service at our church. I went to the opposite couch and lay down on my back while still trying to wake up.After about 5 minutes, E walked over and knelt beside me without saying a word. I usually wear comfortable cotton shorts (no underwear) and a T-shirt to bed, so her access to me was very free. Her hand immediately started to massage my cock and balls over the top of my shorts. Though limp when she approached me, my cock immediately began to stiffen due to her efforts. She slipped her hand underneath my shorts, just grazing my cock and then my balls. She teased me with her glancing touch as my cock until turn my cotton shorts into a fully pitched tent.She stood at once, pulling off her night T-shirt to expose her perfectly shaped breasts, then dropping her shorts as I gazed in awe. She was taking control of this situation, and I loved it. As I took in the view, not sure what her next step was going to be, she climbed up over me and straddled my face, which was now within inches of her glistening, perfectly shaved pussy. Breakfast was served as she lowered herself over my mouth.I started to probe her with my tongue and could immediately feel how engorged her pussy lips were. I made circles around them for a couple of minutes, hearing her deep sighs. Then, she began to lower herself further, and I knew she wanted to ride my tongue. I couldn’t believe how wet she was already. My tongue was deep inside her as she bucked her hips, doing my face. What an incredible feeling it was to have her giving herself to me this way and taking what she needed without saying a word.I was prepared to let her grind away, but she lifted herself off me, grabbed the top of my shorts, and pulled them off in an instant. Then she straddled me with one leg on the couch and the other on the floor. My cock was at full attention, and she grabbed her joystick and guided herself to slide down on top of me. E took her time sliding up and down for the first couple of minutes, but then the pace started to hurry.There are times when I know she wants it hard; this was one of them, and she was taking what she needed. I still lay on my back, watching her go to town as I lightly pinched and caressed her swollen nipples.E pounded me harder and harder, reaching underneath to play with my balls. Her moans told me she was close, and the feel of her fingernails grasping at my scrotum was bringing me there, also.I focused on tightening my muscles so that I could last every possible second, but I was getting so close. The more I tried to hold it back, the more intensity I could feel in the buildup. After just a few more slams of her pelvis onto me, I released my load into her.As she felt my release, she gasped and then quivered. I could feel the contractions from her orgasm around my softening member. We held that position for a couple of minutes, caressing each other’s bodies as we came down from our morning climax.What an awesome way to start the day!