Life can sometimes be stressful, and she has definitely been feeling some stress, as it is the week before she is about to go back to her nursing job. Because of all the stress and anxiety built up in her mind, she hasn’t been able to cum recently.He knows that his wife has anxiety, and he is always one to try to put her mind at ease. Nothing has been working recently, and he knew that she needed to release all that pent up energy. They both did. Well, the best way for him to do that would be to get her to orgasm really hard, so he started to make a plan.He would need to catch her off guard so that her racing mind didn’t stop her from orgasming. He decided the best time to do that would be while she was sleeping. Since she was still on break, she could sleep in if he kept her up for too long. He was willing to sacrifice his sleep before a work day if it meant satisfying his anxious wife.She is a tiny bombshell, which makes it easy for him to start fantasizing throughout the day of what it’s going to feel like when he surprises her tonight. It’s been over a week since they last had sex because she’s been anxious, and his cock is basically constantly hard. His cock stands at 6″, and he is good at proving what he does for his bride to in the sack. And since she’s been on her break, she’s made his dinner every night, goes to the gym with him almost every day, and they watch their favorite shows before bed. He’s been enjoying their routine so much, and every single one of those things makes him want to fuck her every day.She is a 5’2″ woman, young, 32DDD breasts, with the ass of a girl who goes to the gym four times a week. Ugh. They only got married a year ago, when they were both 22, so it’s been a year of exploring each other’s bodies as well as what they both want out of life.He starts the foreplay early in the day so she won’t stop things when he surprises her in the middle of the night. Before he went to work that morning, he kissed her hard . He texted her, “I’m proud of you baby,” when she told him that she was relaxing. When he got home, he kissed down her neck until she started giggling.Bitting her lip after that, like she normally does when she’s turned on, he knew tonight would be the night to make her cum hard and at ease.Around 11pm, after reading her smutty books that she reads each night. She tells him that they are educational reading, but he can hear her moan from the bedroom from time to time when she reads them. However, that hasn’t happened recently. Poor girl, she just needs a good cum session. He went to bed when he knew she was asleep. Making sure the air conditioning was on high, he crawled under the covers beside her. He wanted her nipples to already be pebbling with the cold when he woke her up.His bride always slept in the nude, which would make this experiment much easier. Once the room was good and cold, he decided it was time to start the action.He leaned into her ear and started kissing and down her neck. She started moaning in her sleep. He knew he would have to make this some of his best work if he was going to get her to cum, so he had his A game on. Once she started to open her eyes and breathe heavily, He whispered in her ear… “Baby, you need to take your medicine.” She started to move about and turned toward him. Her eyes fluttered open and she managed to say, “What, baby?”He put his mouth back to her ear and said, a bit louder this time, “Baby, you need to take your medicine to get you to cum.” When he moved back and looked into her eyes, she had confusion written all over her face. Leaning over her naked form, he said “And your medicine, baby, is my head in between your legs.” He then placed a hand on her neck like a choker, which stopped her from arguing or moving, and he moved the rest of his body down her torso, kissing along the way.He sucked one of her already hard nipples into his mouth and gave it a tiny nip with his teeth. This caused her to arch her back. Knowing it would be okay to continue, he got in between her legs, he removed the hand from her neck and focused solely on her sweet pussy. Ugh, he craved her. The musky and sweet smell overtook him, and he plunged right into her perfect pussy, licking along her folds from her ass to her clit. She shuddered and moaned, and he knew this was going to be an excellent night. He decided he needed to tease her a bit, so he started working the thighs first. He licked and sucked softly as he made his way all around her vulva, but never touching.To his surprise, she grabbed for his head and arched into his mouth. All she said was, “MORE.” He smiled, as he knew he was going to accomplish what he wanted to tonight. He responded with, “Only good girls get their pussies licked. Are you a good girl?” He looked up, stopping his work completely. She was already breathing very heavily and she had a really concerned look on her face. She pleaded, “Yes, please, sir, I’ll be a really good girl.” He smiled again. She knew that he loved it when she called him “sir,” “daddy” was too much, but “sir” was the perfect dominating title of choice for him, and she remembered. “That is a good girl” is all he said before traveling back to her pussy and sucking on her lower set of lips.She started moaning and grabbing at his head again. His tongue worked up and down her lips, never entering into her pussy. He gave a quick suck on her clit, which she shuddered at again, and kept working on the lips. When her thighs started squeezing in on his head and her voice started making pleading sounds, he knew she was ready. He tightened his grip on her thighs, and went to work.Sucking her clit in completely and not letting go, her back arched off the bed. It must have been so sensitive at this point, as her pussy was quite literally dripping. She exclaimed as he inserted a finger into her hot pussy. It seemed to suck him in as if she really wanted him badly. To switch things up, he moved to rub her clit with his thumb as his tongue plunged into her. Her body burned for him.She seemed to soften at this change, just as he wanted. He licked and flicked for a minute to cool her down, and then went back to finger fucking her with two fingers and sucking madly on her clit. This time, she screamed, and her pussy seemed to tighten on his fingers. Even though his tongue was busy, he removed it long enough to say “Isn’t that a good girl? You can cum for me baby. I want to drink your cum.” Looking at her, he was in awe. Her hair was tousled, not only from sleep, but also from thrashing around as he relentlessly worked on her clit. Her mouth was open, and her head was tilted back in a way that made his cock twitch.Moving back to her clit, it was time to make her cum. Her moans and groans increased as his rhythm sucking her clit increased. He knew what he had to do to finish her off, as he had been with her for over a year. His fingers started fucking her at a faster rate, and he curled his fingers so that they would hit her g-spot every time as they were sucked into her pussy. Praises flew out ofmouth as her g-spot and clit were being stimulated at the same time. She couldn’t stop herself from thrashing about, but his hands on her thighs kept her steady. With one final suck, she went over the edge into oblivion. Her toes curled, her head flew back, her butt came off the bed, and her hands white knuckled the sheets as she had one of the best orgasms of her life.Feeling her writhe beneath him did something to his cock that made him purely uncomfortable with need. Her juices were running down his face as he lapped up all of her that he could. There was a giant wet spot on the bed, but there would be more before the night was over. He wasn’t done with her yet.When her tremors started to end and she felt like she was back in her body, she had only one thing to say when she locked eyes with her husband- “Come here.” He didn’t waste any time pushing her legs apart and moving into the space. His mouth crashed together with hers, and she could taste herself on his tongue. She moaned as that sweet and musky flavor coated her own tongue. Her arms flew around his neck, holding him close, and his hands went to her hair as he pushed it back from her face.When their lips separated, he heard the three words that had made his dick feel like it couldn’t get any harder. She said, “Fuck. Me. Now.” Finally, after over a week of waiting, he would be able to fuck her perfect pussy. He situated himself between her legs and started to push in the head. No matter how many times he fucks her, her pussy never seems to stretch out. It’s like fucking a virgin every time. Ugh.The head of his dick slips out of her, and when he goes back in, he’s able to fit in about halfway. It feels like she’s milking his dick and he lets out a moan. She seems to like that because she says, “Your dick is so big, I already feel full. Fill me baby. All the way.” He pulls out completely and with one fucking hard thrust, his cock goes in to the hilt and his balls slap against her ass. (Oh, how much he would love that to fill that ass one day. It’s one of the only things they haven’t done yet.) She screams at the stretch, but automatically starts moaning as he makes his way in and out of her perfect pussy.“Now that’s a good girl” he says as he stretches her to her limit. His thrusting is picking up pace and he is wondering how he is going to hold on. Her pussy is so tight he could cum right there. He looks into her eyes and says, “I could breed a pussy this tight and hot.” Her eyes widened as she said, “What?” And his look hardened as he spoke up, “I said I could breed this pussy because it’s so fucking perfect.”Her blue eyes soften as she moans biting her lip and closes her eyes, saying, “Fuck yes baby. I’m yours” He hooks his arms underneath her shoulders and starts pounding her, making her meet his thrusts with gusto, as she smiles and moans in his ear. She reaches her hand down to his balls, and gives them a gentle squeeze. He thought it was going to be all over, as he could feel them tighten with the explosion that was about to come.But she stopped completely. Her husband. worried, looked down and found her ready to kiss him. It distracted him enough to stop himself from cumming. He looked at her, confused, as she said, “Lay on your back, baby.” Almost protesting, he thought better of it since she was spurring him on. He pulled himself out of her with a plop sound and laid down on his back, waiting for her to work her magic.She crawled on top of him, and he could feel her breath in his ear. She finally said, “I’m going to do something that we’ve never done before. I’m going to suck you with both of our juices on your cock.” It was true, she had never given him a blowjob after being inside of her. His cock twitched with excitement over the thought of it. Her lips trailed down his chest, his stomach, and to his crotch. She started kissing and licking all around his dick.His dominant side came out as he said, “Stop teasing me, or I’m taking over and fucking whatever hole of yours I want.” This spurred her on, as she began to lick from the base to the head of his dick. He shuddered as her tongue started flicking on his sensitive head with just the right pressure. She gave sloppy kisses down the shaft and back up, and she had to feel his cock absolutely shaking with need by the time her mouth opened and swallowed his dick nearly whole.His jaw dropped as he witnessed his smoke show of a wife deep throat him to the point that his dick was sliding down her throat, with no gag reflex. She had never been able to go past halfway. She had to have been practicing on that dildo she purchased a couple months ago. As she gobbled his dick with the most delicious sounds he had ever heard, he felt her hand on his shaft, twisting the single inch of dick that was left out of her mouth. As her mouth moved up and down the shaft, her hand deliciously twisted with her movements. He fisted her hair and felt his balls tighten once again, he let out a moan, and that seemed to make her pick up her pace.However, when he told her he was about to cum, she stopped again. He was starting to hurt from getting edged by his wife. She looked wild, though, completely driven by the desire for sex. He could see it in her eyes, she was unleashing herself in the middle of the night with him. He was just counting his blessings that this woman was his. His pussy, his wife, his.She pulls herself off his dick, and makes her way to a seated position on his cock. He looks at her and says, “This pussy is mine.” Her lips turn into a smile and she leans down to his ear and asks, “How badly do you want my pussy right now?” He takes his hand and puts it around her throat, and she closes her eyes and smiles. She always did love being dominated by him. “I don’t only fucking want it, I need it baby. Give it to me, now.”She positions herself over her cock as his hands slip to her waist and tighten their grip, but she slaps his hands away, and she says “Don’t touch unless I say so or you aren’t cumming.” He was mystified, though he knew she could be a switch from time to time, so he allowed it for now. She started using his cock to rub her clit and she began writhing on top of him.He was simply enjoying the sight of her DDD breasts bouncing as she used his cock for her own pleasure. That was the goal of tonight, wasn’t it? It get her off as much as possible and throw that anxiety away?As she slowed down, she positioned his cock right at her hot entrance and looked him in the eye. She slid down with force, and was fully filled by every inch of his cock. They both gasped with the feeling. His hands naturally grabbed her waist, but she slapped him, and he removed them quickly. She began riding his dick, slowly at first. She went up and down, then in circles, then grinding. Each stop brought him closer to the edge, as he had been barely hanging on since his lips were on her pussy.Then she lifted herself off. He stared at her as she smiled. She leaned in so that her mouth was practically touching his ear and whispered, “Suck my nipple good enough and I’ll let you cum bare in my pussy. Don’t do it well enough, and you won’t get to.” Cum in her? No condom? It was a rare occurrence. One that he planned on taking full advantage of.He began licking and sucking on her nipple with earnest. She said that he could touch her, so his hands went to massage the perfect tits in his face. He was honestly in heaven. She said “Harder, baby, harder!” So he added in some squeezing and sucked as hard as he could, knowing it would leave a mark or two or three. Then she said, “Bite it, baby, you know I like a little pain!” Fuck. She screamed in pleasure as he bit down on this poor nipple. He could feel her juices pouring over his cock that was longing to get back inside her. He had to earn his way there.She pulled her tit from his mouth, and said “Good boy. UGH” Fuck, he moaned. She had never called him that before and he didn’t know why he liked it so much. She said “Yes” to his moaning, and forced the other breast into his mouth, saying, “Suck on this one as good as the other and you’ll be cumming in me for sure. Be a good boy and suck my tits.”He went feral. Grabbing her ass with one hand, he massaged her other tit with the other hand, and used his teeth to go to town on her breast. He sucked as much of it as he could into his mouth and sucked hard. Her eyes were closed, and she was grinding on his dick as she groaned loudly. When he bit on it, she screamed with another orgasm. Fuck, this girl can cum by tits alone. Her shaking subsided as his nibbling became more gentle while she came down from orgasm.When her eyes opened again, she had a desire in them that made his cock twitch underneath her. She said “Now that’s a really, really good boy.” And then she threw herself down on his dick, in a smooth yo-yo motion enveloping the entire length in one go. That tight pussy was so slick with their combined juices that he probably could have fit his whole fucking fist in there if he wanted to.He threw his head back with delight and she started bobbing on his cock. Her tits were bouncing, and he could see the hickies already forming on her breasts. It was just another way he could stamp her with a sign that said “his.” In that moment, he wanted to put hickies all over her so that everyone would see. Her hand flew to her clit, and as she began rubbing, she began to pick up the tempo of her thrusting.As they both got closer to the edge, she looked at him, still bouncing on his dick, and said “Baby, take me from behind. Please. I cum so hard.” He liked this idea because it meant that he was in control in that position. She wouldn’t be able to edge him again, he would simply hold her down and fill her to the brim with his hot cum.As she moved off his cock and got on all fours, he quickly got up and moved behind her. She put her head all the way down to the mattress, the way his little submissive knows he likes her to be in doggy, and waits, with her hand furiously rubbing her clit. He positions himself behind her, ready to fucking destroy her, when she says “Please hit my g-spot, baby. Please make me cum one more time!” That was all he needed to hear.He plunged into her with full force. The only reason she didn’t fly off the bed was because his hands were holding her hips so tightly. She would have bruises the next day. He fucked her with the fastest speed of the night, relentless on her swollen, tired pussy. She screamed with pleasure as he leaned forward just enough to hit that g-spot perfectly, and he kept going until he felt that pussy squeeze his dick so hard with her orgasm that he couldn’t hold off anymore.He unleashed himself and sent endless spurts of hot cum into her bare pussy. She would be dripping with his cum all day tomorrow. He loved that he got to mark her in that way, too. She was completely limp from three orgasms, and collapsed on the bed. He was feeling the waves of relief rush over him after being edged so many times from orgasm.He laid down and pulled her over to his arms. She was still breathing heavily, and obviously not in any shape to go to the bathroom to empty her snatch of his cum. That made him happy, because he knew she’d be leaking with it all night. Saturated in his cum. He smiled at the dirty thought of it. Then she did something that made his cock twitch back to life. She took her finger, lifted her leg, and inserted it inside of herself. She then took that finger and put it in her mouth, sucking. “Fuck, that tastes good baby. Our combined cum tastes perfect.” She then leaned over and kissed him deeply as he fingered her. He brought his finger up to her mouth and she happily sucked.As much as he wanted to fuck her all over again, he told her to go to sleep as he had to work the next day. She smiled and snuggled into his chest as they fell asleep in married bliss.