This is our first story submission so bear with me! Lol.Things began as any normal Saturday morning. I was getting out of bed to go make my Bride and me a cup of coffee. As I lifted the sheets off of me, I noticed my wife was not wearing anything. This was strange as she usually wears my boxers to bed. I decided to enjoy the moment and spoon her from behind. I gently wrapped my arms around her to cup her breasts, which I found to be already perked up.She scooted back into me as if she couldn’t get any closer. Moving her hips, she was almost dancing on my morning wood.I kissed her neck and bare shoulder as she grabbed my dick and placed it over her vagina. I immediately felt the warmth and juices flowing out. She was extremely wet. Playing with her pussy by rubbing my dick all over her clit made her even more wet, and the sheets were already soaked.She did this for a minute or two, but I just couldn’t hold back anymore. I needed to taste her. I went down on her, spread her legs, and felt her throbbing on my lips and tongue. It didn’t take long for her to climax as her sweet juices covered my face. It was messy, but extremely hot.As her body stopped convulsing, she grabbed me, hungry for more. She took my dick as far as she could in her mouth and went to town. With her other hand she pumped my shaft, still slippery wet from her own juices.She stopped for a second and said, “Mmm, I love the way my juices taste on your cock,” then went back down for more.This was the second strange part as she usually doesn’t talk that dirty, but I was loving it. I’m sure she could tell as she started to drink down my pre-cum.Meanwhile, with her other hand, she started playing with her clit and that sent me over the edge. Watching my spouse pleasure herself is by far the hottest thing I’ve ever witnessed.Anyway, I told her, “Baby, I’m getting close,” and before I could even finish that sentence, I shot my load into the back of her throat as she was gulping it down. She wanted every last drop there was.We were not done; we both felt so primal in that moment, we wanted to just dive into each other more. I picked her up and dropped her down onto the bed.She said, “I need to feel you—ALL of you, NOW!” as she grabbed my dick and it slid in with ease.I slowly went deeper and deeper with each thrust, and when I gave it all to her, she pulled me in close and wanted to keep me there. We could feel each other throbbing together almost in unison, and I could feel her walls getting tighter and tighter around me. She reached down and started playing with her clit as I started to increase speed.At this point, she was screaming with pleasure and squirting her juices all over. As she climaxed, I also felt the rush of pleasure and unloaded my seed into her.We stayed there for a short moment and then I pulled out, watching my seed flow out of her now creamed pussy. She lowered her hand down, scooped it up and licked it off her fingers with a moan. We kissed and said good morning to each other.We laughed as I said, “Well I don’t think we need that coffee anymore.”More to come from us.