I was the first to wake up that weekday morning. And I quickly realized that a certain body part already was awake and VERY noticeable.Now, I have always enjoyed such a sensation in the morning. But at my age, it usually doesn’t happen. So for it to occur on this day—or any other  day—was a nice surprise.My wife was still asleep and on her side facing the wall. I rolled over to her and snuggled close, my morning erection up tight against her lower body.I closed my eyes and started to drift back to sleep, content with my hardness and my wife’s softness. Nothing else was needed.That is, until I heard her question:“Is that a hint?” she asked.I opened my eyes.“Not at all,” I replied. “It just happened, and it feels good; even better next to you.””Such a schmoozer for so early in the morning,” she mumbled, still half asleep.I chuckled and pulled her closer, still excited by her softness.A few moments of silence ensued. Then my wife rolled over towards me, putting her hand on my aroused member.“At your age, it probably would be a shame to waste this.”My wife mounted me, and as I watched, she pulled her shirt over her head and tossed it side. She pulled my erection out of the slot of my boxers. My wife then pushed her own underwear to the side and slid down my hardness.I was trapped in my wife’s sacred chamber—which is not a bad place to be.“You seemed to do that easily,” I said, looking up at her. “It didn’t take long for you to say yes.”My wife leaned back on top of me, pinching one of her hardening nipples. “We women don’t always need help getting in the mood. I was ready too.”She looked down at me and started to move up and down. I held onto her hips and watched as she slowly moved up and down my shaft.There was no rush, no hurry. Only a slow, soft pace that was appropriate for the early morning. The feeling of my erection moving against her underwear only added to the sensation.My wife’s movement started to quicken. She leaned back, eyes closed, and her hands on my stomach. Up and down she went, sliding all the way from the top to the bottom and back.Finally, with a soft gasp, my wife reached the height of intimacy. I quickly followed, thrusting my hips upward as the contents of my shaft flowed upwards into her.Once we returned to the present, my wife brushed the hair out of her eyes, bent down and softly kissed me. She rolled off me, and we cuddled for a few minutes before we had to submit to the demands of the new day.After we both showered, dressed, and had breakfast, it was time again to join the workaday world. I still felt the glow from the morning intimacy. I sensed she did too.We softly kissed before we departed. My wife looked at me and put her hand on my cheek. She smiled.“THAT was the highlight of the day,” she whispered.Once again, she was right.