(L) – This story contains strong language.My husband Mark and I have been married for 5 years now. We just welcomed our first baby 28 weeks ago, and we are over the moon in love with him.Although we are enjoying our time as parents, we have started to become disconnected as a couple. I expressed this to my mother-in-law, and she right away volunteered to babysit for a WHOLE weekend so my husband and I could get away.I was very hesitant. I felt guilty about even getting excited about the idea. I had yet to have spent a night away from our baby boy. She reminded me that I was trying to wean him off the boob, and maybe this would be the final step to finally transition into only using cups.As soon I mentioned it to my husband, he got on his laptop and booked us a relaxing weekend at a nearby resort. He too was craving our old intimacy habits. Before our baby, Mark and I would have sex at LEAST 4 times a week—and it was rough, loud, passionate sex almost always.Once I got pregnant, Mark did become more gentle during sex and loved fucking me in missionary so he could caress and kiss my belly and get a good look at my growing and swollen tits. Mark made it very clear to me that he adored my changing body that was making and protecting his baby.Once our baby arrived, my boobs became off limits—they we were only for feeding our baby. I could tell Mark missed them so much, but he understood. Of course I let Mark try my milk from the source, but I would never let him latch, he tried to convince me several times. I’m not going to lie, my pussy would get instantly wet when I would let him suckle a little, but something about it just felt wrong to me!Fast forward to our get away.Mark suggested we get in our the hot tub as soon as we get to the hotel room. (My breasts becoming swollen with milk this weekend was not on my mind since I started to wean our baby, my milk supply has significantly decreased.)As I was changing to get into the jacuzzi on our balcony, Mark instantly got hard, and he came over and started feeling me up. I couldn’t help but moan and squeal a little when he teased my clit with his thumb.Mark is six feet tall, muscular, blond, with a slim build and huge hands—figuratively and literally!He picked me up, which is easy for him, since I’m a 5’1” petite brunette. Although, despite my small body, I do have enormous tits at the moment.As I was laying on the bed, he began to massage my boobs, and almost instantly, milk began coming out.“Can I?” he asked.I immediately nodded my head yes.He lay across me and latched on, and I let out a moan. And then, almost instinctively, I just grabbed his head and caressed his wavy blond hair and start kissing his forehead. I could feel a let down (rush of milk) coming. I warned him, but he didn’t care—in fact, his cock started throbbing! After about five minutes of sucking, my milk was out, and he moved to the next breast. Again, his cock started throbbing, and I couldn’t help but start jerking him off. As he suckled my second breast, I brought him to climax with my hand, milking out all his cum—we drained each other at the same time, and it wassooosexy!But it left me wanting more, so I got out my clit massager. I knew it would make him instantly hard again, watching me play with myself.I was right, and in no time, Mark was hard again and fucking me, hitting my G spot. He made me cum three times!Oh my gosh, was that a heavenly time! I don’t know what happened that all of a sudden made me let Mark latch on my boob. I had never felt such a close, intimate connection to him. I’m now researching how to possibly keep my supply going just for him.We’re still at the resort as I’m typing this. I’m hoping my breasts swell up again after dinner so my husband and I can experience this intimacy all weekend long.This is my first entry to MarriageHeat I’m so excited to hear what everyone thinks.