My name is Cindy. My husband and I got saved about a year and a half into our marriage. At the time, I was a stripper and had been for about seven years. I loved it and, to be completely honest, sometimes I miss it. But I’m choosing my husband.This isn’t about the night I quit, but it’s the story of the night I decided to quit stripping (for other men). Before I start, I need to explain that I have a huge fetish for cum, so if ooey-gooey messes aren’t quite your thing, read elsewhere. But for me, I love it: the taste, the smell, the way a man loses it as he erupts… just, yum. Before I decided I needed to be a better wife, a coworker and I would often compete on how many clients we could make, well, you know. We’d bet a hundred dollars—which was easy money with the tips we’d make, especially on a Friday or Saturday in a military town.This particular night, I was doing my best work. We were a topless club, but bottoms had to stay on. Still, a little bit of fabric (panties and whatever he was wearing) didn’t do much in preventing my juices from letting me glide across a bulge. I can dance like the best of them, but I found young men appreciated dry humping. Anyway, I had a client who climaxed super quick, and being the dirty little cum slut I was (still am, for hubby), I descended and tasted what I thought I’d earned. I’ll gloss over the details: my mouth, his large, delicious wet spot somewhere along the inner thigh of his pants until the song ended.Anyway, while I was down there, I felt super guilty. My husband knew I did this, honestly. I’d tell him, and it would be a major turn-on while I was stroking his cock. I now know that guilt was conviction. Iwashis slutty hotwife, and now I’m a Christian hot wife.Let’s jump forward to masturbation and then me slurping my husband awake.After I got dressed in sweats and a hoodie, I drove thirty minutes through pretty heavy snow until I pulled into our driveway around four AM.I was super horny, like “OMG, slide your cock down my throat while I finger myself” horny. I wanted nothing more than to go wake hubby, but there was part of me that honestly felt like I wanted to please him to appease my own guilt. So, I turned off the lights in our Tahoe and got completely naked in it. I pulled a toy out of my glove box and sucked on it while I slid two fingers into myself. I still had the salty flavor of cum in my mouth, and it drove me insane as I sucked the toy and fingered myself. I eventually came, gushing all over the driver’s seat. I slid between the steering wheel and my seat and licked my juices up until I realized there was simply too much. I used my panties to soak up some more and then used my hoody to dry the seat fully.Wearing absolutely nothing, I stepped into the cold, snowy, still dark pre-dawn. It was early enough in the morning that I was sure nobody saw, but the thought that a neighbor could look out and see me under my patio light as I unlocked my door made my core tighten. But while I was fantasizing about a neighbor seeing me, I had this sudden realization that I only wanted my husband to see me like this. I’m not one of those women that thinks being objectified is that horrible, but I now know and desire to only be an object of sexual desire for the man I became one with.My nipples were hard on the end of my large breasts from the frigid air, and my pussy was still dripping wet. From the front door, I went straight to our bedroom, where my husband was sound asleep. I lowered the comforter to find him also wearing nothing. His cock looked beautiful lying limp as it hung over full balls; my mouth watered. I parted his legs and knelt between them. With my soaked panties, I grabbed his cock and began stroking him. I’m a very small woman, so even limp he looked huge in my hand. He moaned as he hardened, opening my grip further his girth expanded.I knew he loved the feel of silk panties, especially my slimy wet ones sliding up and down his beautiful cock, but I’d been servicing men all night and not once getting what I really wanted. So I released my hold, leaving my thong hanging around him. I lowered my mouth over his considerably-sized cock.Even in the dark of our bedroom, I could see that his eyes were still shut. I was a better cock sucker than that; still am. I swung his legs to the side so that they were over the edge of the bed and, like the good little wife I am, I got on my knees. I opened my throat wide and slowly pushed myself over until I felt that gloriouspop, and he was in my throat.He tapped my head three times; this was our signal for him being close. I love waking him this way because he cums quickly. Once my chin was on his ball,s I began quickly nodding, bobbing, and twisting. I was dead set on having him erupt before I came up for air.His balls tightened, and his entire body tensed. Liquid warmth flooded my throat. I pulled up, wanting to taste him, and two more large ropes filled my mouth. Then I pulled further away and gripped my thong around his shaft, stroking hard as I flicked the base of his cock’s head with my tongue. He shot three more ropes, each one a bit less that the last. The first two went across my face, and on instinct, I aimed his shaft at my tits. That final rope claimed my cleavage.Okay, I know not every woman loves cum like I do, but I’m going to tell you about Cal’s thick cum. It’s so thick that it barely runs. I’ve had a full load deposited on my face, and if it wasn’t for the weight of the cum, it would go nowhere. The flavor is so incredibly salty it reminds me of seawater or French fries. And the range with which he’s able to shoot and the force behind it are wholly unique. Usually, his cum shots aren’t as full as I described above, but on that occasion, he’d gone for days without an orgasm.He was sitting up now and flicked on the lamp on his nightstand. Then he grabbed my hair and slowly turned my face. He was admiring the mess. He loved a messy slut—so I was a messy slut.His cum that ended up in my mouth was still there, and he must’ve realized it.“Don’t swallow,” he said. “Open your slutty little mouth, baby.”I obeyed, showing him his load.“Add the rest, love.”I scooped the cum on my tits and added it to my mouth. I knew he liked the cum on my face so I kept it there but smeared it around.He stuck a finger in my mouth and swirled it around.“Who needs an alarm clock when I have you for a wife,” he said, smiling at me. He tapped my bottom lip once. Twice meant spit it out and play some more, but this was just one. Obediently, I swallowed.He still had ahold of my hair as I confessed, “I want to quit my job.”He took my thong from around his cock and wiped my face with it. At this point, it wasn’t going to clean anything.“No, you don’t.” He shoved my panties into my mouth. “I know how much you love making other men-”I cut him off and stood. Sensually, I pulled my thong from my mouth and continued lightly stroking him. “I’m serious, baby. I want to beyourstripper. You’re the only man I want to see me this way. Your cum is the only cum I want.”I don’t know how true that statement was at the time, but I knew it should be true and that I wanted it to be true.“You’re my good girl, aren’t you,” he said, spinning me around and lightly spanking my ass.I bounced a little so it would jiggle for him. Then I sat back on his lap and swayed. “I’ll put in my two weeks tomorrow.”“I’m going to go in the shower,” he said. “Go make us some breakfast.”“I’m a mess,” I laughed. “I need the shower too.”He nibbled on my ear. “Go make us breakfast, and don’t clean up. After we eat—” he slid his hand between my legs and easily entered me with three fingers, “I’m going to want to fuck my loyal messy slut.”I wiggled my ass one last time. “Yes, sir,” I said in my girliest voice and left him to go be a good wife.