This post consists of miscellaneous thoughts from a girl who is a romantic.  More and more, I find that small things will bring romantic images or scenarios to my mind, especially as I wait and dream about possibly being married someday.  I’ve said in an earlier post that I’m quite stimulated by all my senses, and that was brought home to me again today.I was sitting outside by the pool, enjoying the early spring sunshine.  The day was beautiful (it’s February, but we live in the south).  For sunbathing, I dress fairly modestly, usually in a camisole or tankini with removable straps, and shorts.  But my top was low enough to expose the very tops of my breasts.  Not that there’s much to see, since I’m very small in the chest.Anyhow, it was breezy, and a thick lock of my hair brushed up against my bare skin near the cami strap, and for some reason, it was a pleasant feeling.  I immediately imagined it was my man touching me.  To me, there is something very erotic about the approach of summer: getting beachy clothes out, enjoying the weather, going to the coast, trying to get a tan, etc.  I think I dream about being pursued by a Godly, handsome man more in the summer than any other season! So this moment was just… well, something that hits a girl when she’s a romantic.There’s another aspect of waiting for marriage and learning about my sexuality that I really enjoy, and that is the buildup to actually masturbating.  Yes, I like the tension and arousal almost more than the real deed.  Again, summer is my favorite time for this.  Sometimes I’ll get myself worked up as I’m exercising, pausing to rub my mound or grind against the bed, getting ready for when I can release it all.  I even love finding, say when I use the restroom, that my underwear is all wet.I’m amazed that I’m saying this.  Once upon a time, I found the wetness embarrassing and disgusting, mainly because I didn’t understand my body.  I remember being concerned every time I observed cervical mucus, but I thought I just had thick urine! Now, since I know what’s going on, I relish it.  I’m coming to appreciate my own scent (while hoping no one else smells it!) and even dared to taste my juices for the first time recently.  Still getting used to that one!My goal is to keep exploring and find new ways to pleasure myself since in all these years I’ve only had one method that accomplishes anything.  If I ever marry, I want to be flexible and not tied to one way of getting any kind of stimulation.  I’d love suggestions from the married folks reading this, especially if the ladies are living with a rather insensitive clitoris.  Mine just doesn’t respond to touch.  It seems like I need full-vulva pressure and massage.As I’m on the topic of being a romantic and enjoying my senses, I’d like to recount an appointment I had a few weeks ago.  I’m having tests done by a fertility doctor and had to go in for an ultrasound.  Turns out, they needed to do a transvaginal ultrasound to get a good look at my ovaries and endometrium, and I, who have never had any kind of vaginal exam, wondered what this was going to be like.A few years ago, I probably would have died from nervousness, embarrassment, and fear if I’d had to let a medical personage penetrate me to do an exam.  Thankfully, the atmosphere in the place was very calming and non-medical: comfortable and modern, with the fluorescent lights turned off and replaced with white twinkly lights in the exam room.  I appreciated that.I was told to undress from the waist down, get on the table, and put my feet against the stirrups.  I admit I felt a little exposed, but the nurse—a really cheery, confident girl—made me feel so at ease.  She probably sees everything and knew I was a little uptight.  (Not to mention, I’m physiologically uptight and tense-muscled all the time anyway, to the point that the chiropractor remarks on it, so that doesn’t make this kind of exam easier.)The nurse explained the procedure and pressed the instrument (which I never got a look at) against my hole.  It was covered in a cold gel, and that made me tense up more.  She pushed, and it HURT.  I mean it really hurt.  This was way worse than a tampon or my finger.  I couldn’t keep back a few yelps.  A few more pushes and it went in, and strangely, the pain vanished.  I hardly felt a thing as she moved the device around inside of me.  Removing it didn’t hurt either, though my entrance was so tight.I really hadn’t been nervous per se, but I elegantly began to feel faint while getting dressed and had to lie down for a few minutes.  I told the nurse I always get really pent up before any kind of medical appointment, my digestion shuts down, I might feel sick, or I’m just shaky. She was so nice about it, saying she was the same way.  She said she gets high blood pressure just going to work, and she isn’t even the one having this stuff done to her! I thanked her for being so kind.My takeaway afterward was this: I didn’t get embarrassed to show an intimate part of my body because I’ve gotten comfortable with it.  I now appreciate it as a part of me that God deems just as lovely as any other part.  Hopefully, it will one day be a source of pleasure to a wonderful man and a place where he can give me pleasure.That appointment was a victory for me.  I’m embracing everything about being a woman, and find it kind of a triumph just to know that I endured being penetrated by something.  It made me feel more confident about the first time I’ll have sex with my husband.  It might hurt, and it’ll most likely take time and work and adjusting, but I’m all in.The last thing I’ll say is that I tried, for a fleeting moment, to imagine that itwasmy husband entering me while I was having that ultrasound.  That’s a little tough when it’s cold and painful and not a romantic setting, but the thought did pop into my mind.  After all, I’m a girl who is a romantic!