(A) – This story contains anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.My wife surprised me by getting herself a butt plug for our anniversary. It was hidden under her skirt until she pulled it up and flashed me. She did this as I sat in the car, just before we went on a dinner date! I can’t forget how I came hard in her ass after we got back from dinner. Then we slept deeply, only to wake up after a while.I watched my beautiful wife sleeping and noticed the thick cum drip from her rosebud to the sheets as she lay sideways. Just the sight of this got me hard.I got out of bed and had some water to drink. As I returned, I saw her hands searching for me, and she asked softly, “Baby, where are you?” She slowly started moving her hips as she held her pillow. Then she moved her hand to the back of her butt. Touching her asshole, she could feel the wetness and thick cum that was still there. She felt the cum with her finger and rubbed it between her thumb and middle finger.She moaned, “Baby,” and as I stood and watched, this got me stiff. Still half asleep, she turned over to her back, spread her legs wide and comfortable, and started rubbing herself. As her excitement rose, she moaned and her eyes opened wide.“Oh, my King! I want more!” she moaned.I replied, “Yes, my Queen, I’ll give you more!”And she said back, “I want FUCKING MORE!”I leaned over her and we kissed violently, tongues deep in each other’s mouths. We gave soft bites, grabbing each other everywhere possible. I got back in bed, and she arched up and sat up on me. I grabbed her ass and spanked it, and she let out an “Ooohh” of approval.“Fuck me, my King! Your Queen wants more, so much fucking more.”As my dick slid into her, she rode it hard, and moaned, “Fuck, fuck, fucccckkkkkk!”As I held her ass, my finger touched the rim of her rosebud. She was riding me hard with her mouth open, but she bit her lip at that touch. I touched her rosebud once more and she bit her lip again. She slowed down a bit and I tapped her rosebud with my middle finger, more or less like clicks. Moaning, she pouted her lips and she noticed I was watching her. She had a wicked smile, and once again bit her lip sensually. We read each other’s minds, so she got on all fours, bending deep with her ass up high. I kissed her ass, and sucked her pussy. She kept pushing her ass back and I tongue fucked her pussy as she looked back at me with a moan.“Oh my King!” she moaned. “You know exactly what your Queen wants.”As she put her head down, I kept the tip of my dick on her rosebud. She pulled up her head, looked back, and she gave approval with those sexy eyes.“I’m gonna give what my Queen needs!”I slid slowly into her ass, and she moaned loudly.“Fuck me baby! My King! Yes, my King, yes, baby, you like that view of my ass? You conquered me in every fucking way possible! Fuck baby, I love this!”“Do you?” I asked back.She answered by pressing her ass back onto me slowly, then increased the pace. All of a sudden, I could feel the sheets getting warm, and my thighs were getting wet! And she continued to scream, “Yes, baby I love it!” Her words turned into “Ohhhhhh” and “Aaaah” as she squirted and lost herself to pleasure.Watching my Queen squirt while I was in her ass and pulling her hair back is a moment to cherish. I’d want to pause and live in it! She wet the whole bed as she came, and I came hard in her ass. She pushed back on me hard, and stayed until she could feel the cum inside her ass filling her with warmth. We collapsed and we hugged each other to sleep after making a memory!