“Mama needs some attention.” Those were the words she uttered to me with a smile and a sparkle in her blue eyes.I had just come home from work, placed my lunch box on the counter, and looked around to see where my beautiful wife was. When I got to the bedroom, I was greeted by a sight that brought a big smile to my face. My 56-year-old wife on the bed with her knees up, legs spread, one hand down in her black lace panties, and her fingers stroking slowly. Her legs were clad in a pair of thigh high black stockings, and her feet were perched in heels.Her beautiful, plump breasts peeked out of the cups of the black lace bra, trimmed with red.And above it all, the best sight was her beautiful face smiling at me, her blue eyes fixed on mine. I loved these surprises!“Get those clothes off,” she said to me.I was already reaching down, grabbing myself through my blue jeans, feeling myself grow. I pulled off my t-shirt and unbuckled my jeans—it didn’t take me long to drop those. This revealed a now-erect outline pushing to escape the fabric of my underwear.“Ooooohhh myyyy,” she said as I stuck my fingers into the waistband of my underwear, freeing myself, and it flopped out in front of me.I wrapped my fingers around myself and began to slowly stroke as I looked at her. I stepped out of my underwear and walked up to the bed between her legs.Climbing up, I put my hands on her ankles, slowly running my hands along the nylon of her stockings. I loved the feeling of it, the warmth of her skin coming through. I slipped my fingers from her shins to her calves, gently squeezing, moving my hands up to her thighs, traveling around, feeling the softness and gently applying pressure to the insides. She supplied no resistance, allowing her knees to fall open.I laid down on my belly in front of her, very deliberately kissing the insides of her thighs with slow, languid kisses. Her fingers began to withdraw from the waistband of her panties and moved up into my hair as I kissed my way across the lace waistband and continued across her belly.I slipped my hands up her thighs, hooking my fingertips into the waistband of her panties, and worked them down far enough that I could now kiss her pelvis. Her fingers danced in my hair as she watched me. Her other hand traveled to her breast, fingers tracing across the soft skin.I got the fabric of her panties down to the point where my lips finally found their spot at the top of her labia, and my tongue began to flick across the hood, searching for the pearl I knew lay underneath. Eventually, with enough coaxing, I was able to bring it out of its hiding place, allowing me to now directly send pleasure with my tongue and my lips. Pleasure didn’t take long to arrive, since she had already primed the pump while laying there for the last 20 minutes before my arrival.As I continued enjoying the sounds and breaths that I was feeling and hearing coming from her, I could feel myself beginning to press my hips down into the mattress below me, humping it because of my own needs.I heard her soft voice say, “Come up here and kiss me. I want to feel you inside of me.”I kissed my way up her body until I was aligned with her, and go up on my knees. At the same time she raised her feet into the air, allowing me to pull those panties up her beautiful legs and off over the heels she still wore.I glanced down to see my shaft hovering above the beauty of her femininity, now wet and waiting.Dropping down to my hands, I began kissing all of the skin and the beauty below me, working her breasts out of the cups of her bra and tickling her nipples with my tongue and lips, and making my way up around her neck.I was stretched out over her, feeling almost full-body contact. I dropped my hips just enough so the tip of my penis was lodged and firmly entrenched in the wet furrow between her labia.By now my kisses had made their way to her lips, and our tongues began to twist in a sensual dance.Her hand went down to my shaft, guiding it.As I lowered myself to get a straight aim, she began to masturbate with it.How I loved when she did that, teasing me and bringing herself closer and closer until she got to the point where she couldn’t stand it anymore, and directed me to her opening. I thrust forward, feeling my length get swallowed inside of her, nestled in the wet warmth. Letting out a moan, she closed her eyes.As I drew out and slid in, it was as if she was gripping me every bit of the way. Her legs wrapped around my waist. We were both lost in the moment, knowing that any second a simultaneous moment of pleasure would be shared between us.Again she moaned, and a slight shiver ran through her body. I couldn’t stop, I just thrust harder, knowing that I was right on the heels of her climax. In only a moment, I felt myself explode.Her arms stayed around my neck as I kissed around hers and up under her chin, sucking her bottom lip into my mouth. We laid there for a while until I felt myself go soft and I rolled off of her. We laid side by side as I looked at my beautiful bride of 35 years.Things hadn’t always been quite like this. It was a rare occurrence between us before this, but then we had a revolution—a sexual revolution. This all came about after a life-changing event that opened our eyes and could have separated us, but instead brought us closer together.We did something that all too often married couples don’t do: we spoke to each other about sex—about our needs and our wants. The very lingerie that she was wearing in this encounter, we had sat and bought together, knowing that it was what I liked, and knowing it was something that she would be comfortable and feel sexy in. The fact that she was laying on the bed waiting for me like that indicated that she knew it was something I wanted. Specifically, I’d wanted her to be more outspoken and willing, to take the lead and initiate.Now at this point in our life, our kids were grown and they had started giving us grandchildren, and we had the opportunity to enjoy each other.This was just one of many wonderful and fulfilling experiences that we now had together. Some other experiences were even more exotic, and more exciting than we’d ever had before.