My wife is a tall five-foot-ten, and I am six-foot-two, so when doing her standing up from behind, the parts line up quite nice.Well, we were in the shower a few weeks back and I started sliding my cock between her legs from behind. I enjoyed feeling her silky hair and labia sliding against my long shaft, with my head rubbing her clit with each thrust.She started getting turned on, but was super tired from a long day. She still wanted to pleasure me, though. She pushed me down and lifted one of her legs up to rest on my shoulder while she stood. I had the best view of her beautiful pussy.She told me to stroke my cock. As I put my fist around my throbbing cock and started to glide my foreskin slowly up and down, she grabbed my face gently and pushed her pussy to my face. I started tonguing and licking her all over as sped up my strokes on my cock. Her pussy tasted so good and I was getting close to cumming.Just as I was about to bust, she pushed her pussy hard against my face and tongue. I gave it all I had without being able to even breathe for what felt like 30 seconds. Then my climax took over my whole body.I let go of my well-used cock, dripping with cum.She let me go and said, “Love you. Goodnight!” Then she got out of the shower to go lay in bed and pass out.I got out of the shower, got dressed, and had to head to gas station down the road to put gas in my truck for church the next morning.As I was walking up to cashier to buy a drink, I noticed a tall woman in front of me. I had to do a double take, because she so closely resembled my wife! I watched her as she walked off and instantly thought of my wife—how I wanted to just drive home and treat her pussy so good—but she needed her sleep more than she needed a climax.As I walked to my truck, I could feel my cock start to swell from thinking about my wife and our previous shower fun. I already have a noticeable bulge in my workout shorts to begin with, even before getting an erection, so I was glad I made it to my truck before someone noticed my erection growing. I got in and was thankful to have limo tinted windows.As I was backing out of my parking spot to head home, I just pulled my gym shorts down and out flopped my throbbing, veiny manhood. As I drove home, I had a firm grip around my cock, jerking off so intensely that my hanging balls were slapping hard against the leather seat. That was turning me on even more, picturing it being my wife that my balls were slapping against.I made it to a red light, and at this point I was able to put both my hands around my cock, one on top of the other. I could feel myself edging to that finish line. The light turned green, and I edged all the rest of the drive until I made it to my driveway.As soon as I put my truck in park, I put seat all the way back so I could put my full attention on my intense foreskin movement. Finally, that edge I kept holding onto was finally freed and I cummed so hard, thinking about my tall wife sitting on my face. My cock contracted with every squirt of cum for what felt like a minute. I shot cum up to my neck and all over my chest, and the rest ran down my shaft and into my thick bush.I didn’t get out of the truck until I finished enjoying watching my well-used, soon-to-be-sore cock. It slowly lost its erection, got smaller, and went fully flaccid.I thank God for this wife of mine and our beautiful, monogamous marriage. The love and lust I have for this woman! My Lex is a true dream wife that I don’t deserve, but I am definitely thankful for her. They say, “Find a woman who loves God more than she loves you,” and I did just that.I hope this story inspires others, male or female, who not only enjoy sex with their spouse, but get so turned on by thinking about sex with their spouse that they masturbate to the thought of previous lovemaking with them. I knowIdo—a lot!