I’ve spent the last several days and nights working at the hospital, which has become the norm. I was so grateful when the charge nurse caught me as I finished with a patient. She said I should go home and take the weekend off.  I was in shock, and so happy.  I quickly grabbed my things and headed home.  To sleep in my own bed, in Michael’s arms is something I love and need right now.I entered our apartment and turned to lock the door. Suddenly, I was spun around and pressed against the door.  The room was dark but I knew it was Michael. His scent and rough fingers gave him away. He gently lifted my chin and his soft lips pressed against mine.  I opened my mouth and invited his tongue in. Our tongues danced, and his hands squeezed my tiny waist.  I quickly became aware he was naked. Feeling his big hard cock poking my stomach made me moan and gasp. My hands found his hairy chest.My tired body became heated and melted into him. He pressed harder, kissing me deeply and aggressively.  His big hands sliding down my hips and around, squeezing my ass.  I moaned and moaned as I became hotter and wetter.  Kissing down my neck and biting and sucking where my neck and shoulder meet.  He knows how I don’t like it, but also how it turns me on when he bites me just right.Pulling away as I pant.  Michael grabs my scrub top and yanks it over my head.  His big hands squeeze my big tits through my black lacy bra.  I shudder and moan like I’m being touched for the first time.“Relax baby, relax.” he says in his deep soothing sexy voice.His lips pressed against mine, as he yanked my bra, pulling with a force to break the clasp.  I shook and moaned more, gasping as he squeezed my big tits, pinched and rolling my nipples.  Lifting and squeezing my tits, he licked and sucked each nipple hard and long.  Then he nipped all over my breasts as I tossed my head back, banging the door.  My mind was in a fog.  My hands were pulling his long hair as I moaned.“Take me, fuck me, own me.”He grabbed my ass and lifted me.  His touches and kisses were such an erotic delight.  Yanking my scrubs and panties down, he pinned me to the door.  He pressed his big cock against my hot wet pussy and slowly slid into me, stretching and filling me.  I was drowning in waves of pleasure.   I wrapped my legs around him and screamed out. My nails raked his back as he shoved in and filled me to the core.  Michael’s chest still pinned me to the door as he pulled out and thrusted back in over and over. Yes, yes I cried over and over.  Michael was taking me, owning me, and fucking me like never before.“I’m cumming, Michael, yes, baby.”Michael fucked me harder than I thought he could. He forced my breath out with each thrust as my body shook and spasmed. I cried out loudly as my orgasm gushed and squirted with each thrust of his beautiful cock.  Michael fucked me through my orgasm as another wave washed through my body. I went limp, mumbling, and gasping, as he pressed his total body weight into me. He exploded deep in my pussy,  His cum was so powerful. I was quickly filled and our cum flowed down, as he slowly pulled out.We kissed deep and passionate as he carried me to our bed and laid me down.  I started to roll over and crawl under the sheets. He grabbed my ankles and pulled me right back to the edge of the bed.“We aren’t done yet baby. I am far from done with you.”As I moaned and looked up, I saw his massive cock still throbbing and rock hard.  His voice was so seductive, his actions so powerful and wanted.  My will was to surrender, surrender completely to my beautiful husband.  I spread my legs.  Michael knelt down on the floor and pushed my legs open wider.  My pussy opened and our cum flowed as he lowered his mouth and licked up through my slit.  I shuddered and grabbed his hair and pulled him tight into me as I pushed and ground against him.  Michael eagerly licked and slid his tongue in and out.  My body was tingling when he flicked and sucked my clit hard. Then he shoved two fingers into my pussy, rubbing them against the front wall and my pubic bone.“Oh yes, Michael, yes baby.”I was grinding hard against his face when my pussy spasmed and my juices flowed like a waterfall.  My body was shaking as I collapsed back on the bed, and went limp.  Michael stood up, his big cock throbbing and dripping as he slowly stroked it.  I smiled and rolled over onto my belly. He grabbed my tiny waist and pulled me up onto my knees.  I shook and moaned as he rubbed his cock against my pussy and rose bud, pressing and opening me.  My body shook and I cried out in pleasure and pain. His big cock stretched my rosebud open for the first time.He paused when my ass closed around the rim of his head.  I felt cool wetness as he squirted lube on my ass and his cock.  He rubbed it all over his cock and slowly started pushing into me.  I feel my ass quiver around his big cock as the pressure of being filled by him was amazing.  Slowly he pulled out and slid in, fucking me long and slow.  My pain was soon replaced with an incredible pleasure. I moan and push back to meet his thrusting as his power and speed build.Reaching under, I rubbed my cum dripping pussy. Soon my body shook and pussy spasmed as my nectar gushed out all over my fingers.  My body went limp and he shoved me down to the floor, continuing to pound my ass.  My mind was in a fog of pure ecstasy as I felt his cock throbbing. He moaned out as he shot hot cum deep into my ass, over and over.  My body was shaking and limp as he pulled out and rolled me onto my back.  As he knelt down, I saw that he was still hard. He took me in his arms and carried me to our bed.  I knew he had more in store.