(L) – This story contains strong language.Pussy Obsession is a sequel toPussy Appreciation, published on Marriage Heat in 2022. It was a celebration of my wife’s amazing, hot, juicy, meaty, deep, irresistible, remarkably fuckable pussy. Since Pussy Appreciation was published, there has been an outpouring of feedback from couples telling me how the story has helped them with their sex lives and improved the intensity of their orgasms and pleasure in general. My wife and I have been so moved by the response and from knowing that others are being helped by her pussy.It seems that other women have been encouraged by my wife’s love for pleasure, by her lack of inhibition when it comes to masturbation, sucking cock, fucking, and having her pussy eaten, as well as her unabashed pursuit of sexual joy. Over the years she has become totally comfortable with seeking out sexual pleasure in whatever form it may take. For example, over the last two years I have realized that I am intensely turned on by being spanked while naked and tied up. My wife has not only obliged my kinky fetish, she has totally embraced it, deriving great pleasure herself from playing the dominate role, spanking my naked ass or beating me with a belt. She loves being in control and inflicting minor pain on me, hearing me beg and plead for more.I derive great pleasure from watching and hearing her experience ecstasy, watching as she wiggles and as she massages her beautiful pussy with her fingers or her vibrator lubricated with coconut oil. She arches her back as the pleasure wafts over her, her eyes rolling back in her head. She screams softly, purrs, grunts, and gradually starts to reach an uncontrollable climax. It is a beautiful thing to watch and hear. Usually when she wakes up during the night and needs an orgasm to help her go back to sleep, I suck her tits as she masturbates. I love hearing and watching her come and then peacefully drift back off to sleep.Since writing Pussy Appreciation, my love for her pussy has become more of a Pussy Obsession. I crave the taste, the smell, the meatiness in my mouth. It gives me a constant feeling of arousal to know that many others think about her pussy as they fuck or masturbate. She is so thankful that her pussy is helping others. At night I often rub my cock with my left hand as I rub her pussy with my right hand. She moans and groans and sometimes comes before going to sleep. She says this not only helps her sleep, but also helps her dream about sex all night.Tonight my wife intimated that she was feeling a little guilty about missing a Zoom call. My suggestion was to not think one minute about it and to concentrate instead on her own pleasure, whatever direction that takes her. Be adventurous, seek pleasure, enjoy thinking and dreaming about sex, crave erotica, embrace loving kink, let her body be a source of constant pleasure, be obsessed with her pussy as I am and as others are who have read about her pussy. I have suggested that the wonderful people who read Pussy Appreciation and now Pussy Obsession share the story of my wife’s pussy with others who might benefit from this awareness as well, and spread the word so that as many people as possible can experience the joy and pleasure of her amazing pussy.