(L) – This story contains strong language.The Monday morning alarm went off too early.We stirred, still in the dream state and not wanting to face the new week. We’d had little connection between us lately, and to be honest, some ruptures through the holidays.I rolled over and spooned her as we waited for the snooze to go off. I gently put my hand on her thigh and she nuzzled her rear into my groin. We both enjoyed the warmth and gentleness. I slowly rubbed her leg, not for any reason besides the pleasure of touch. After a few moments I rolled onto my back for comfort and she turned with me so that her leg was crossed over mine. She reached her hand to my stomach and gently rubbed. Again I was not sure if more would come, but I enjoyed the connection of physical touch.She turned and asked, “Do you want to make love?”“Of course.”Based on our tempo and touch I expected it would be slow and gentle.She reached down further to my half-erect cock and took it in her right hand, stroking it gently to make me fully hard. It felt amazing.After a minute of her playing, I reached my hand over to rub her belly while slowly working my way down to her mound. Walking my fingers further down to her lips, I surprisingly found them very wet. She was very aroused. Rubbing her clit with her juices, I slid my fingers to her opening, back and forth slowly. Soon I was slipping my fingers easily into her pussy, as she arched her hips up to welcome my penetrating fingers.Thinking I wanted to mount her, I started to sit up and move on top, but she quickly sat up and pushed me back down on the bed.She moved the blankets off of me and went straight for my cock. She put her warm mouth over my head, then slid my hard shaft into her mouth. It felt wonderfully warm and smooth. Sometimes she will suck me slow, but something switched in her and she began bobbing her head up and down my full length rapidly. Her mouth opened enough that my cock slid in and out with ease. I began thrusting my hips and grabbed her head to help with the rhythm. She made my dick very hard, and as she was enjoying it fully in her mouth all the way down to my balls.At this point she crawled up and straddled me, putting my enlarged dick at the entrance of her engorged lips. Already knowing she was prepared, I was able to slip in with ease. We both took a short moment to enjoy the initial penetration, but then quickly my wife wanted to be fucked—or better said,shewanted to fuckme.She began riding me fast, slamming her hips down on mine, then grinding her clit on my belly, then rocking my cock again. I grabbed her hips and took over, using my arms to lift and lower her in a rapid rhythm.The next few minutes contained some pleasures that usually do not happen when she is on top. As we were going fast, her pussy became very wet and she squirted all over us, so I kept pumping her. I love when she does this, and it makes everything even wetter. She kept going non-stop and continued to squirt three more times! The sensation, friction and grinding made her so aroused. She then grabbed me to flip over on top of her.Spreading her legs wide open, I positioned my cock at her entrance and with one thrust was back inside her wet cunt, fucking away. Being as wet as she was, engorged, and wildly aroused, my cock was sliding all over. Sometimes it is so wet and slick, it’s hard for me to get any friction to cum, so she will squeeze her pussy walls around me to help me out. I thought,Wow, we could get two cocks in here!Even though I am average size, this is the time I wish I had a massive dick. (For another story, maybe I will write how her dildo and I played at the same time inside her!)As we continued on, we both started getting parched, but she kept letting me fuck full steam ahead. I love it when she grabs her feet, pulls her legs up, and spreads them wide open, giving me full access to her honey hole.I am a bit older and can last a long time, but finally, after several more thrusts, my balls sac tightened and I ejaculated my cum deep inside her pussy—the best feeling ever. I honestly would enjoy cumming on her body—tits, belly, face (if it was my choice)—but the feeling of being inside my wife is so amazing, and cumming inside her is like no other experience, I rarely pull out to shoot my load on her body. It is like it belongs inside her, and I am happy to put it there.We both had an amazing Monday morning—reconnected after a very long drought.