I woke to the buzzing of my alarm early Tuesday morning. The lingering congestion remained from a mild illness I had several days before. It was our 20th Valentine’s Day together. To say this was a disappointing start would be an understatement. On the bright side, I could justify taking the day off to spend with my lovely bride. The downside: I was less than optimistic about our usual Valentine’s lovemaking session this evening.As the day proceeded, we exchanged cards, kissed on the cheek, and went about our day. I was feeling good and had a burst of energy to check off a few honey-do list items. At the very least, I could still prepare our usual family Valentine’s Surf & Turf dinner. The dinner was exquisite with formal place settings and our love playlist on the stereo. Throughout the day, my lovely bride hinted that she “really needed me.” Completely out of character for her, she told me that she had almost awakened me in the middle of the night because she couldn’t stop touching herself. I had never heard anything like this before from her.Finally, the kids were all asleep for the night. My lovely bride had been teasing me all night, sending naughty texts to me while we were in separate rooms. I walked into our bedroom and found my bride heating up in the sauna. She opened the door and asked, “Are you going to join me?”“I will,” I replied. “First I’ll rinse off, then be right in.”I entered the sauna, nude as usual, but found my bride adorned in a lacy red nightie and a red thong.“You look s0 sexy!” I exclaimed with the excitement of a teenage boy.“You think?” she asked with a sexy smirk.We took a few minutes to heat up in the sauna. My hands explored her luscious legs and tantalizing tits. We mutually agreed that we would avoid kissing on the lips; we could make a game out of it. As an alternative, our lips and tongues licked each other’s necks, ears, and the rest of our bodies. We decided to get out of the steam before we worked up too much of a sweat.As our bodies met our mattress, our hands caressed every inch of skin they could reach. With one hand I massaged her breasts while the other explored her sexy mound. My lips worked from her neck and chest down to her erect nipples, which I swirled my tongue around and gently pulled with my teeth. I continued down, kissing her nearly flat abs. My lips brushed over her mound, still covered by her pretty panties.“Do you like it when I lick your pussy?” I asked quietly. Before she could fully answer, I slid her panties aside, licked her lips, and swirled around her clit. She giggled and said, “Yes, I like that!”In one motion she guided me onto my back and straddled me, her super hot ass in my face. She lowered her pussy onto my tongue while she took my rock-hard cock, balls deep into the warmth of her mouth. She continued to ride my face and with every plunge of my tongue deep into her pussy, she took in a full mouthful of my dick. She sucked, licked, and caressed my balls while I sucked her clit and plunged my tongue into her pussy. One hand pulled on her nipples while the other squeezed her ass. As hard as it was, we decided to stop before climaxing.My beautiful bride instructed me to lie face down, fully nude so she could give me a massage. Her hands worked their magic, rubbing my shoulders, the stubborn knot behind my shoulder, down my lower back before working my glutes and thighs. She finished by reaching under me and massaging my balls. We switched positions, but I warned her I didn’t think I could give her a fair massage tonight. She was far too sexy for that, and I was about to cum already!I straddled her ass and rubbed her shoulders, neck, head, and upper back. Far too quickly, my hands worked their way to her ass, then between her legs. I slid one, then two, then three fingers into her pussy. She moaned showing her approval. My cock was so hard and ready to enter her. My bride felt my hard cock sliding between her thighs.“Can you do me from that angle?” she asked.Before I could answer, my cock easily slid into her dripping-wet opening. I pushed deep into her, and she moaned with pleasure.“Do you like this position?” she asked.“It’s so sexy,” I answered.“I can see why you’d like it. Go for it!”I pumped my cock inside her, while she pushed into me to allow me deeper inside her. A few minutes later, I was ready to cum. I wanted her to get the pleasure she needed as well, so I pulled out, lay beside her and rolled her into a spooning position. She used her vibrator on her clit while I thrust into her from behind. As I could feel her body was ready to cum, I pulled out and shot a load of cum onto both her and me as we both came down from our intense climax. We showered together to rinse the cum off of each other and finished off the most unexpected Valentine’s night cuddling together.Just before we drifted off to sleep, she whispered in my ear, “I’m not done yet. I’m ready for round two as soon as you are.”We drifted off to sleep, so the second round officially began around 4:00 a.m.!