This post contains strong language (L).At four months, my pregnancy had been pretty difficult. But my husband had been all the more AMAZING. He was my hero. Without me ever having to ask, he began to fill in all the spaces and household workings that I’m usually responsible for. Seeing him serve our family so effortlessly was an incredible turn on to me. I felt like I was falling in love all over again. And I wanted him all the time. His perfect cock in my pussy was the only thing that made me feel better in those days.One of the amazing things he’d done recently was plan a vacation for our family. He’d never done this (usually I did). Of course, I was extremely horny for him the whole trip. However, we had one of those double queen rooms that we were sharing with our small children. No way could we sneak a quickie with them at arm’s length at all times. My husband makes me moan… loudly. His cock isn’t very long, but it’s thick in girth, and I am blessed to orgasm and cum hard every single time he fucks me. Not even sex in the bathroom would be quiet enough.I let him know that I was really struggling and needed to release. He knew there wasn’t much he could do to help me under the circumstances. He offered to take the kids downstairs to the pool so that I’d have time to masturbate and cum on my own. I agreed to try.After they left the room, I lay on my back and began to rub and finger fuck my lady parts. I was so wet I could feel the juices from my pulsing pussy dripping down and back to my ass. I tugged and tapped my bulging clit… but only unto horny frustration. I needed my man. needed his thick chocolate cock inside of me. I imagined him shoving his shaft into my slippery pussy while sucking my titties, only stopping to shove his tongue into my mouth.I LOVE sex with my husband and this substitute just wouldn’t do!!! I felt like I was going crazy and wanted to cry. I couldn’t breathe. I needed my man to fuck me, and I needed it NOW.The car ride home was brutal. I couldn’t keep my hand from sneaking over to his cock. I could see him bulging through his shorts. It’d been years since I felt my panties this wet; they were soaked to my pants. Finally, we made it.I immediately went to our bedroom. I knew he’d find something to occupy the kids, and he’d know where to find me. After stripping down, I immediately began to rub my longing clit and lips. Finally, I could relax and purr in peace.Shortly after, my husband came through the door, his gaze taking me in. I was his naked caramel paradise. My belly no longer lay flat while I was on my back, being that I am with child, but he didn’t care. As he slid off his shorts and briefs, his cock popped out, hungry and ready to squeeze into place.He came to the bed and began to play with my pussy, taking over for me. Plunging his head between my bent knees, he slurped up my juices, sticking his tongue straight into me. I moaned and squirmed with sweet freedom. Alas!!! My man was eating me all the way up. I needed him inside me so fucking bad I could cry. But the wait was well worth it!!!After indulging in his tongue’s touch as much as I could take, I pried his head away and motioned to him to lie down. Then I got on top, straddling his hips between my knees. I pounded him so hard my big brown titties went flying. He grabbed them and, one by one, began sucking, eyes rolled into the back of his head. I LOVE when he licks and sucks my Hershey’s kisses.“You feel so good, Daddy. I’ve been needing you all day,” I whined.That was his breaking point.”I’m… gonna… cum,” he struggled to murmur.”Me too, baby!” I moaned.I felt his body send out its signature shudder underneath mine, signaling his orgasmic bliss. I feel like one of the most blessed women in the world in that we almost always cum simultaneously! Seeing him climax in ecstasy, my body began to tense up and shake, all at the same time. I let out a loud moan as my body took over; I involuntarily began to bounce and beat on his cock like a jackhammer. In absolute euphoria, I squealed and squeezed one last time. After nine years, this never gets old.Finally my pussy released its grip, though still gently pulsing. My body lay limply on his until I rolled myself over and sleepily snuggled at his side.“Thank you so much, baby. I need that so badly,” I whispered between breaths.“I needed it just as bad, baby. I love you.”As I went to wash off, my tired hubby lay sound asleep, chocolate legs wide open and ass naked on our white cotton bedding, his strong body resting. And all I could think was that I am one blessed mama.