(L) – This story contains strong language.The house was quiet and felt empty and cold as I entered. It was the first time that I had been home since Ben’s passing. There was a feeling of loneliness and sorrow that seemed to fill the air. I don’t know, maybe it was just me.I sat on the living room sofa as tears filled my eyes. In my mind I could picture Ben walk into the kitchen with that beautiful, smirky smile of his. I started to cry.After several minutes I got up from the sofa and walked back to the bedroom that Ben and I once shared. The house was clean and the bed was made. Alicia and Trey did a marvelous job cleaning. I walked down the hall and out to the pool area. I could picture Ben out cleaning the pool or lounging by the pool on one of the lounge chairs as he drank his beer. I smiled and wiped a tear from my eyes.Walking back into the house, I made my way back to the bedroom. I opened his closet and saw his shirts hanging. It was almost like they were waiting for him to pick one out. I ran my hand over them and took out the light blue western shirt. It was the last one that I had purchased for him. I took it off the hanger and held it close to me.I then noticed the shoe box sitting on the shelf above his clothes. Setting the shirt down onto the bed. I retrieved the box from the closet and opened it. Inside were little love notes I had written him, two video tapes and his personal items such as his Fleshlight, prostate massager and his pocket pussy. Also inside were naughty photos of me, nude and in various states of undress. Once again I smiled, but knew that they would never be used and enjoyed by him again.I pulled the pictures of myself out and put the box back in the closest. I thought about the box that was underneath the bed. Lord I hope Alicia and Trey hadn’t found it.I walked over to what was my side of the bed and looked under. There it was! I set it on the bed and opened it. Inside were my dildos, “Mr. Jolly”, “King Dong” and “Frank”. Also inside were my strap-on, clit stimulator, rabbit and ben-wa-balls. There were also several nude and semi-nude photos of Ben that I had taken. Some the photos were of him with an erection and some were of him flaccid.God, I miss that man! Ben and I always enjoyed a very happy and satisfying sex life. He had a big dick and knew how to use it, knowing just how to satisfy me. I thought about all the hot times we shared in our marriage bed. I started to feel a bit horny thinking about it. My pussy craved attention.I found that my hand had been lightly stroking my breast as I looked at the photos. I stopped and my eyes began swelling up with tears. I remember pleasuring myself in the tub at Alicia’s house not long after Ben passed. I remembered how I cried after giving myself an orgasm. Yet here I was feeling that urge again. Should I do it again? Could I? I felt so confused.I remember Henry Reyenga (founder of MH) saying that I should take care of my sexual health, and that I had a lot of hot memories that I shared with Ben. He was right and I knew it deep down. But Ben was the love of my life, my first lover, the man who broke me out of my shell and made me the woman I am today. But he is no longer here and will never be, except in my memories and in my heart. Things would never be the same again. Yet was I wrong to neglect myself, and my body’s needs? Was it still too soon? I began to wonder what Ben would think? What would he say?Hell, I know what he would say, and through my tears, I couldn’t help but smile. Wiping my tears from my eyes, I rose from the bed and walked to the front door and locked it. If I was going to do this, I didn’t want to be interrupted.I walked back to the bedroom and removed my dildo that I named Frank from the box and set the box on the floor by the bed. My hands trembled a bit as I began to unbutton the blouse I was wearing. Slipping it off, I unfastened my bra and slipped it off. I sighed softly as I let my hands gently caress my tits. Moistening a finger, I ran it over my nipples, which were slowly becoming erect and sensitive. I unfastened the dark blue slacks I was wearing and slipped them off. Soon I was standing by the bed in only my panties. Looking down at my sex toy Frank, I smiled.“I know what you like baby!” I said as I picked the dildo up and brought it to my lips. In my mind, Frank was going to be Ben—at least for now.I kissed the head of the toy. It had a distinct rubbery taste, but I didn’t care. I sat on the bed and continued to lick up and down the fake cock. I then slipped it into my mouth and sucked on it for a moment. I picked up one of the sexy photos of Ben fully erect and continued to suck. By now my pussy was wet and had soaked the crotch of my panties.Setting the cock beside me, I rose from the bed and slowly slipped off my panties. My horniness had completely fogged my brain by now. Slipping my hand between my legs, I let my fingers explore my wetness. I gasped as my fingers grazed my clitoris. I then remembered how Ben loved to watch me masturbate, and my body shivered slightly.Getting back into bed, I lay on my back with my legs spread wide. I slowly caressed my breast and flicked at my sensitive, swollen nipples. I rarely cum from nipple play, but felt as though I might this time! My breathing grew shallow, and soft sighs and groans escaped my lips.“Fuck! I’m so horny!” I panted, then let my right hand drift between my legs. My pussy was swollen and wet as I let my fingers play along the outer lips and tease at my clit. My hips began to move to my hand motions.“FUCK!” I gasped as I began to slowly stroke my clit rubbing with the perfect amount of pressure. My orgasm was building as I groaned and panted.I picked up the picture of Ben as I continued to diddle myself. My orgasm was soon building to a fever pitch. It wasn’t going to be long now.“YESSSSSSSS I’M CUMMINGGGGG FUUUUUUUCKKKK YESSSSSSSS!” I cried as my body convulsed in ecstasy. My legs closed, trapping my hand between them as my body rode my orgasm.I lay there for several minutes in my orgasmic afterglow. I felt like I was on a cloud floating. My brain was swirling. Me and my body definitely needed it. However, I still felt the desire to be filled, to be penetrated and fucked. It had been so long, and though it wouldn’t be a real cock—Ben’s cock—it would have to do. I was finally breaking free and becoming myself again. It felt so right.I picked up the dildo and kissed the head. “Fuck me!” I whispered as I put the fake dick between my legs. Sarah K. was right—why had I been denying myself the gift God gave me? The gift of masturbation and orgasm.I closed my eyes as I ran the fake dick along my pussy lips and over my clit. I moaned and my body jerked slightly in response. Slowly I inserted the head of the cock past my cunt lips, working it deep into my cunt.“Fuck, that’s good! Yes, fuck me!” I panted as I slowly started fucking myself. The bed creaked slightly as my hips moved . Slowly I worked the fake dick in and out.With my free hand I grabbed Ben’s shirt that I had taken from the closest and held it close to me. It felt soooo fucking good as I groaned and writhed on the bed. Tears began to flow as I clutched Ben’s shirt near me. Soon I felt my second orgasm start to swelling inside me.“Ohhhhh, baby yesssss! I’m gonna cum again! FUUUUUUUCK MEEEEEE OHHHHHHHHHH GOD!” I squealed as I climaxed.As I came down from my orgasm, I slipped the dildo from my pussy and cried, still clutching Ben’s shirt.I honestly don’t know if I’m going to move back into the house again. I’ve been thinking about selling it and moving into an apartment. I haven’t made my mind up yet. My kids think that I should probably sell it and move on. I honestly just don’t know.I do know one thing however: no matter what I decide or whatever happens in the future, I will always love and miss my “big bear” Ben.I dedicate this story to the love of my life… Ben G.I love you forever!Gina