It’s a Saturday, so our grandkids don’t have school. We promised them blueberry pancakes for breakfast. But we made time for an amazing lovemaking session this morning first.Yesterday, during our lovemaking session, we ran out of time. Melodie didn’t reach orgasm, so she suggested we have another lovemaking session this morning. She wore one of her purple cupless and crotchless teddies—one I hadn’t seen in her for some time—and she was a major tease! Before I could even brush my teeth, she was in the bathroom kissing me. Then she offered me her boobs to love on with my mouth.In the bedroom, Melodie struck some sexy poses by the bed. Then she did what we call “the dreaded crawl,” where she crawled toward me on our bed, her big breasts swinging gently from side to side. It drives me wild! Then she kissed me and lay down on her back, and I got more of one of my favorite sights: her beautiful body on erotic display in sexy, revealing lingerie!Melodie immediately started masturbating, so I pumped my rod while she pinched and stroked her nipple with one hand and rubbed her clit with the other. She even put her middle finger way up inside. We were watching each other—mutual fun!Then my lips found her nips as she tried out a new flutter sex toy on her clitoris. When I switched to tip on nip, it became soooo obvious that she was wired! She said the new toy felt really good. Next, Melodie rolled over to me and used her lips on my man nips, plus pumped my rod to get me hard.“That will feel good inside me!” she said.So I went inside her, but first I gave her oral for a long, tasty while. She doesn’t usually prefer me to give her cunnilingus for a long time, but she was sighing and thrusting her pussy up at me, so my tongue went deeper. This was clearly one of those times she was in the mood to receive my oral attentions!After the tasty (for me) oral, we “flicked” a while, and then I slid up to love on her nipples from the other side. I licked and sucked both nipples as she fluttered away on her clit with the new toy.(“FLICK” is “For Lawful Incredible Carnal Knowledge.” It replaces the other F word that some say means “For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge.” OUR carnal knowledge is within marriage, so it is both lawful and blessed by God… and yes, it IS incredible!)Getting back to our story, I slid into our right-angled X position: Melodie on her back and me on my side facing her open pussy. We flicked even more lively than before; then, she switched to a powerful vibe. I felt the buzz through her pussy that I was happily flicking, and I came like a train! Soooo amazing! I could really feel the vibrations of the vibe through her internal walls this time!Then I scooped out some of our vanilla-flavored protein shake from where it had been churned in her pussy, rubbed it on her nipples, and licked it off my fingers. After that, I inserted our G-spot vibe and went back to work on her boobies. And while I loved on each delicious nip with my mouth or my tip, she fluttered her clit.Melodie was getting very turned on but not climaxing, so she eventually switched to her most powerful bullet vibe. This led to her edging but not getting there at first, but we persisted, and she finally had an enormous orgasm! She was gasping and shaking a LOT! Then she emitted a long sigh, moved over to cuddle, looked up at me with a smile, and said, “That was the best orgasm I’ve had in a couple of months!”Then she went to work on me for my second O. We lately have developed a kind of a sequence in our sex sessions where after she’s cum once or twice and I’ve cum once, we finish with Melodie’s lips back on my nips as I pump myself to a second orgasm!We cuddled after we finished and talked a bit. The afterglow is a wonderful part of making love to your spouse because you know each other so well!Then we got up, cleaned up, got dressed, and went to make the promised blueberry pancakes for the grandkids.