We were visiting Todd’s family on Christmas Eve in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina—a far cry from the cold, snowy Christmas I’ve grown to love in Montana.The party was getting to be a bit too rowdy and over the top for my taste.  And to be honest, I was getting into my selfish head and just wanted to be alone with Todd.  I needed a break.I walked outside onto the lower deck, which faced out onto the beach, sighing contentedly as the cool, winter night air washed over me. Of course, it was nowhere near as cool as Montana would be, but it was much better than the stuffy room with dozens of people ranging from tipsy to nearly passed out.There was no one else out on the massive deck, but even so, I retreated to a far, dark corner, out of sight of the family.Just as I started to feel calmer, I gasped in surprise as I felt Todd’s hands on my shoulder.  He slid them down my sides to my hips, then around my waist and belly, and firmly pulled me back against him.His hot breath tickled my neck, and I tilted my head, offering the sensitive skin of neck for him to kiss and nibble at.  I gasped again as he did just that, kissing, then gently biting into my sweet spot where my neck meets my collar bone.  I reached up and held his head right there, wordlessly begging him not to stop.I pressed my ass back against him and feel him swelling.  I turned my head toward his, and his lips left my skin to kiss me passionately.  But just as soon as he did, he left my lips and kissed down my neck again.  I moaned softly, then gasped yet again as his hands slid down my thighs and slowly pulled up my short dress.A thrill of anticipation ran through me as I wondered how he might react to the daring surprise I’d prepared tonight.His bare hand continued up my bare thigh, then slid over the top of my smooth, bare pussy.I don’t know what compelled me to wear a mid-thigh-length skirt and no panties to a Christmas party with my husband’s family, but I’d done it.  Thankfully I knew there were no young children in attendance!  Even so, I’d questioned the decision all night, and been paranoid about how I walked, how I bent, and how I sat to avoid exposing myself.But when I turned in Todd’s arms and saw the look of shock and pure lust on his face, I instantly knew it had been the right decision.With his hand still caressing my bare pussy in disbelief, I reached out to caress his face.“I love you, baby,” he whispered to me.Then his voice took on a darker, more commanding quality.  “I want you.  I need you.  Icraveyou.”I whispered back, “You can have me,” and I pressed my mouth to his.There was no tenderness to this kiss—it was all passion.Todd yanked my dress up, completely exposing my entire ass, which he gripped firmly and squeezed tightly.  He kissed me deeper and harder as he was driven mad by the idea of groping my bare ass out in plan sight, even though we were obscured by deep shadow—mostly.He suddenly broke our kiss, spun me around and shoved me against the railing—not hard enough to hurt, but hard enough to makeveryclear that I was to do as he said.With his hands still on my ass, he growled quietly, “Open your legs.”I moaned and did as I was told.I looked over my shoulder and watched as he pulled out his big cock, which was already almost fully erect.  I gripped the railing as he held me in place by my hips—as if I had any inclination of moving away when I was about to get my favorite Christmas gift ever.He slid the length of his cock between my open legs, stroking it across my wet folds, coating himself with my arousal.I muffled my moan as best as I could, but it grew especially difficult when he draw back, aligned himself, and slowly pushed that big cock into my pussy.He began slowly pulling back, then thrust into me hard.  He repeated this, crushing me into the railing each time—not enough to really hurt, but enough to make me feel treated roughly—enough to drive me absolutely wild.Over and over, he took me—used me—pleased me beyond words.I was in a constant state of ecstasy. My whole body was shaking, mouth open in a silent scream of pleasure, my pussy crying slick tears of joy.  It ran down my legs as he threust deep inside me over and over and over again, and I lost track of how many orgasms I had.  Maybe it was just one long, flowing orgasm of peak after peak.In my sex-drunk state, I barely heard Todd whisper in my ear, “Close your legs, baby.”I didn’t know why he could possibly want to change what we were doing, but I obeyed with another barely-stifled moan.His hands stayed on my bare hips and squeezed, and I instinctively started grinding back against him.  His cock never left my pussy, but as he began thrusting again, I realized what had changed. In closing my legs, I had made my pussysomuch tighter.I moaned uncontrollably, “Take me, take me baby!”He pulled me back against him and thrust hard into me. I tried to stabilize myself on the railing, but that only made it creak alarmingly.From the house above, we heard the family singingSilent Night,their tradition that meant it was midnight, and now Christmas Day.But it was no silent night. As the music crested, so did my orgasm. My willpower momentarily broke, and I cried out along with the music, adding my own unrestrained melody of ecstasy. My entire body vibrated, and my ass shook violently in my husbands hands. My pussy spasmed and clamped down on him, then shuddered and squirted around his still-thrusting cock.Feeling his balls covered in a spray of lady cum must have been too much for him, because in seconds, I felt him erupt inside me. He stayed deep inside me and emptied himself, taking my pussy from a sloppy mess to an absolute disaster zone of sexual fluids.As the family above obliviously started up another tune, both of us gasped for air.  He kept his slowly-softening cock stuffed in my pussy, his sticky lap pressed into my bare ass, and his chest to my back, and wrapped his arms around me. One hand covered my cum-soaked pussy possessively, the other held my breasts through my dress, feeling my racing, pounding heartbeat.I left one shaky hand on the railing for support, and with my other, covered his hand that rested on my breast.I turned my head and whispered, “Merry Christmas, baby.”“I love you,” he said simply, and kissed me softly.