Ron was transferred to his company’s corporate offices, so while he settled in at work, Anne went shopping for a new house. She found several wooded acres away from other homes on which they could build. The land was close enough to town to be convenient and far enough from the neighbors to function as a romantic retreat. The front of the property facing the road was open woods, but the back was thickly forested and private—wonderfully private.To put himself through school, Ron had worked construction. While their house was being built, after work, he used his experience to make smaller structures they would need on the property. Some evenings, Anne would come to the home site to watch him. She couldn’t keep from smiling with pride at the muscles flexing in his shirtless back.A creek separated the front from the back half of the property. One evening Ron finished connecting the two halves with a footbridge. As he put his tools away, Anne stepped onto the bridge deck, saying, “I think a job well done deserves a reward.” Ron’s face broke into a smile as she pulled off her T-shirt to reveal her braless teats.Laying the shirt on a rail, she untied the waistband of her shorts and let them fall to the deck. For a moment she stood there, fully aware her brown pussy hair was probably showing through her thin nylon panties. She enjoyed seeing his reaction to her undressing, obvious from the bulge in his shorts.Then she slipped off her panties to stand there naked. Raising her arms, she slowly turned around to give him a complete 360 view. She walked to the side of the bridge and raised one foot to place it on the middle rail. As she did, she could feel her feminine lips separate, giving Ron an excellent view of her female parts.She then sat down on the bridge deck to remove her tennis shoes. After she sat there a moment longer dangling her feet off the bridge, she looked up at Ron and patted the deck beside her in invitation—one he was quick to accept. As he sat down, he put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her against him. She turned slightly so her teat pressed against his chest. Then she took his free hand and rubbed her other nipple with it so he would know she wanted him to begin to knead her breast, enjoying its softness. After cuddling, she lay back on her elbows and spread her legs.Ron slid his hand down from her teat to search through her pussy hair until he found her lips. He gently massaged them as he felt her clitoris grow into a tiny erection. As he patiently continued to rub, she closed her eyes in enjoyment. Eventually, her legs began to quiver, and her breathing grew shallower. She took a deep breath, pushing her pussy against his finger. With a groan as if the air were being forced from her lungs, she came. Ron could feel the pulsations of her contractions until, spent, she relaxed on the bridge deck.They lay side by side on the deck with her head resting on his shoulder. Finally, he told her, “Boy, do you know how to give a reward.”She turned to him and smiled. “Reward, isn’t over yet.” She stood, leaving an obvious wet spot where she had been sitting.Taking Ron by the hand, Anne pulled him to stand with her, then hugged him. Anne liked the feel of Ron in her arms and his obvious erection pressing against her pussy. Catching the waistband of his shorts and Jockeys, she asked, “Do we need these?”Ron quickly dropped his shorts and Jockeys, freeing his erection. Then, lifting her by her butt cheeks, he sat her on the top bridge railing. With her knees spread wide, he pulled her pussy against his erection. Guided by her hand and lubricated by her female discharge, he slid easily into her vagina. With her arms and legs wrapped around him, he moved easily, nuzzling the softness of her teats against his chest. She squeezed him as tightly as she could with her pussy muscles, and he came almost immediately, surprising both of them. He held her, pushing his erection as deep inside her as possible until empty. Then he lifted her off the rail onto the deck and just held her.He then looked into her eyes and said, “I’ve got to build you another bridge,” and they both laughed.