The TrainIt was a late morning in early September. Rachel and Will were riding the Adirondack train up into the mountains for their anniversary hiking and camping trip.Their trip fell earlier this year. Rachel was pregnant—quite heavily so—with twins, and their anniversary, October 14th, fell two days after her due date. Feeling a bit dubious about whether or not she’d even stay pregnant into October at all, let alone mid-October, Rachel and Will decided to have their getaway now and make a babymoon out of it.They rode an early-morning train. Rachel, victim of a string of uncomfortable and often sleepless nights, fell asleep with her head on Will’s shoulder. Her red hair spilled over her face and glistened in the sunshine through the window. Her hand rested on her belly. She wore a blue tank top with a gray cardigan sweater over it. The tank top mostly covered her belly. The cardigan… well, the cardigan kept her warm on the air-conditioned train.Rachel grimaced and stirred slightly, arching her back and shifting her butt around on the seat as she tried to remain comfortable. Will wrapped his arm around her back and looked down at her belly. He’d been quite enamored with her pregnant body—not that he hadn’t always found her incredibly attractive, but he found pregnant women to be particularly alluring. His gorgeous wife, bursting pregnant with their babies, was easily the sexiest thing he’d ever experienced, a sentiment that, happily, Rachel shared. Will held his gaze on her belly, noticing a small lump poking out on her left side, near her ribs. That was probably what was making her uncomfortable. She buried her head further into his chest as he leaned over, ran his fingers through her hair, and kissed the top of her head.They chugged along through the wilderness of upstate New York. Rachel remained asleep, her belly bouncing along with the movements of the train. Will looked down at her bump and smiled, watching as it shook up and down, back and forth, little kicks and rolls occasionally sticking out of her side.“How’d I get so lucky?” He thought to himself. “The payoff of all the time we spent trying: she’s grown the largest belly ever.”Rachel stirred once again, this time opening her eyes and looking up at Will. She kissed his chest.“How much longer?” she said, groggy. “I feel like I barely slept at all…”“Thirty minutes, maybe forty?” he replied. “You’ve been out for a while, but I can tell you’ve been restless.”“They move so much. It’s hard to keep comfortable,” she said, rubbing the left side of her belly. “This one’s got their foot right under my ribs.”“I know,” he said, chuckling. “I can see it.”She looked down at her belly. “You can, can’t you?” she giggled.She glanced down at Will’s pants. He was, unsurprisingly, aroused. She smiled.“I love that this turns you on so much,” she said. “You make me feel so special.”“You are special,” he replied, sliding his hand down her back. “So special that I filled your belly full with our babies.”She looked up at him, the sunlight bathing her face in an amber glow that made her blue eyes sparkle. She pulled up her tank top ever so slightly, revealing a thin strip of tight, pale skin tinged with a few faint pink stretch marks.“When we get to the campsite, this…” she said, pointing to her belly, “…is all yours.”Will slid his hand around the underside of her belly, gently tickling her bare skin with his index finger before sliding his hand under her tank top altogether. Rachel put her hand on top of his. She giggled as they felt a brief flurry of rolls from inside her.Will craned his neck and looked up and down the train car. “Why wait?” he said with a devilish grin. “There’s nobody else on this train.”Will shifted his body, moving his leg up on the seat next to Rachel. Rachel let out a soft sigh as she maneuvered her belly upward, allowing her to slide into Will’s arms. He held her as she slowly lifted her legs onto the seat.“I got you,” Will said.Rachel rolled over onto her back. Her belly was sticking almost straight up as she leaned on Will’s chest. She reached down and slid her tank top up all the way, revealing her belly in all its fullness. It continued to bounce slightly with the movements of the train. Will slowly lifted her up so she was sitting a bit more upright, her back against him. He reached his arms around her and started to rub her belly. Rachel sighed again and smiled.“William,” she said, turning her head to face him, “wanna do that thing you do with my belly that I love so much?”He started to tap his fingers on her bump. “You know it’s not so easy for me to do that now,” he replied. “Your belly used to have a lot more give to it. Now that you’re so big and your belly is so hard and tight, I can’t play with you like I used to.”“You should still try,” she said, pressing his hands against her bump as a small lump darted across it. “I know I’ve grown very big, but it feels so nice when you do it, and I could really use it right now…”“Anything to make you comfortable,” he said.Will placed his hands on both sides of her belly. He began to gently move her belly back and forth, slowly. Small bumps started to stick out around the top of her belly as he moved it, back and forth, back and forth. He started to softly apply a little more pressure on each side of her. Rachel leaned her head back and sighed.“This is just… heavenly.” she whispered. “Your hands are magical.”Rachel had grown so large with their twins that her belly didn’t have much give to it. But Will’s strong hands were able to push in on her ever so slightly. He began to work his hands around towards the front of her belly, continuing to move it back and forth in his hands, gently applying pressure with his fingertips. Rachel began to breathe a bit heavier as she shifted her butt backward. Will was clearly aroused, and it poked her backside.“You absolutely love my belly, don’t you?” she whispered as his hands continued to dance around her.“How could I not?” he said. “I love you, and I love our babies inside you.”“That you put inside me,” she said, putting her hand atop his. “You told me you were going to put a baby in me. You did it so good, you gave me two.”“I did,” he said, sliding his hands up around the top side of her belly, continuing to press and feel around on her belly. They sat in silence, sharing this delicious moment together, Will continuing to move his hands all around the expanse of Rachel’s belly. Rachel lay snugly against him, smiling at the sensation of his hands massaging her sensitive, stretched-out skin, the feeling of their babies rolling around inside her, and Will’s erection rubbing against her lower back.A few minutes passed. It felt like it could have been hours. Rachel finally broke the silence.“William,” she said, “you take such good care of me. It’s time for me to take care of you.”Rachel arched her back as she sat upright, twisted herself back and forth to loosen up her muscles, and spun around on the seat to face Will.“What do you have in mind?” he started to say, before she stopped him, placing a finger on his lips.“Shh… don’t say anything,” she said, her eyes ablaze with passion. “It’s your turn to relax.”She unbuttoned his pants and unzipped his fly. His cock sprung out from his boxers. She wrapped her hands around it and began to tug at him, gently at first, then slowly increasing her pace. Will smiled at her and slid downward in his seat, just enough that he was able to reach down with his arm and put a hand on her belly.“Wait…” Rachel said, taking his hand in hers. Pulling herself up, one leg kneeling on the seat, the other on the floor, she straddled him. She began to rub his cock against her belly, slowly sliding his tip in an arc across the underside of her bump. She gently pushed him against herself, only as much as her belly could give, just barely enough to make a gentle indentation on her tight skin. Will smiled at her.“Relax, love,” she said to him. “We’re just starting.”She leaned forward slightly and began to rub his cock in circles around her belly button, which had popped out and become very well-defined. She slid him in circles, occasionally popping him against the nub of her belly button. The head of his cock began to get beet red.“Not yet,” she said. “I know you can’t resist all of this, but not yet…”“It’s hard to resist you.” He sighed. “I was already hot from playing with your belly…”“Soon, my love,” she giggled.She grasped his cock and slowly moved her body downward again, bringing her face even with his waist. Sliding her hair around to her left shoulder, she lowered her head and took his cock in her mouth. She started to suck him down, first short and quick, then long and deep, alternating between the two, his manhood filling her mouth all the way to the back of her throat. She swiveled her tongue around the tip of his cock.Will rolled his eyes back in his head and moved his hand down to her, but he could only reach far enough to run his fingers through her hair. He gently pulled her thick, red hair, tugging up from the roots and releasing as his fingers slid outward.“I’m going to fill your mouth like I filled your womb,” he said.Rachel moaned and rolled her eyes back as she continued to work Will down. She eventually took his entire cock in her mouth in one greedy slurp. His legs began to stiffen and his back arched. She grasped his hand and looked up at him. He gave her hand a squeeze as she gave one more lick of the tip of his cock.Unable to contain himself any longer, Will began to cum, shooting a full, healthy load into Rachel’s mouth. Rachel happily sucked it all down, swallowing every drop that he pumped into her mouth before he finally began to relax his body and slow to a stop. Rachel held her mouth on him for a moment, making sure she’d drained him completely, before looking up and smiling at him.“You are magnificent,” he said, breathlessly.Rachel grinned. “You deserve it,” she said as she ran her hands up his chest and moved herself into an upright position. “And it’s a nice way to start our babymoon.”Will stood up and put himself back together before resuming his position next to Rachel. She leaned against him. He wrapped one arm around her shoulder and held her close to him. They both looked down at her belly. Once again, there was a small flurry of rolls and kicks poking out her left side. They watched the movements as the train sped on.