(A) – This story contains anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.This is not my first episode, but one I tried and loved it.I am 34 years old, married to Robbie, who is 36. Both of us seem to have much in common. I was and still am always admired for a perfect and beautiful ass, and so too was Robbie.Being married for some four years, we’ve had different sexual romps at times. It struck me that it would give me pleasure to present myself the other way around. I didn’t know what Robbie’s reaction would be if I just broke the ice.However, I wanted my back end opened up, so I took the plunge. I casually asked Robbie if he would oblige, and waited for his answer. Suddenly, he replied with a big “YES!”I read some books on the subject, and made sure that I had the necessary lubes and safety precautions ready. A lady at the local sex shop was quite helpful. When the night arrived, we got into bed. Knowing it was going to be painful, I conditioned my mind to accept the pain.I had already rubbed myself deep inside with the oils that should open and lubricate my back passage. In my carelessness, I forgot a condom, so I just thought,Well, it’s okay.I lay sideways and guided Robbie to insert just the tip. He seemed to enjoy it, but only his cock head slipped in. The position felt awkward, so I turned around, went on all fours, and let him re-insert his cock. I felt pain, but also good sensations, and with a loud scream, I shouted, “Just push it in!”Robbie held my ass cheeks, and with a mighty thrust, forced his huge cock to slide in. I cried in pain some, but screamed in pleasure more. He fucked my butt hole and clearly was enjoying himself.I felt an orgasm overtake me, and that’s when I felt his warm fluid dripping out of my ass. He was cumming with me! His sperm flowed back out onto my pussy as he pulled out and collapsed next to me.We just lay still, having just broken this significant barrier. Laying next to one another, we kissed and seemed to be obsessed with our newfound adventure. An hour or so passed, and I felt Robbie rise again. I thought this time we would have vaginal sex. But we wanted different again. I knew it was going to be a second round of anal.I casually turned myself around and lay flat on my stomach, bending my knees a bit forwards to get my back hole protruding up. Robbie came over and mounted me. Once he inserted his cock, I slowly stretched my legs outwards. This did the trick, and Robbie seemed even more fascinated with fucking my asshole than the first time. At the same time, I levered my hands to keep my ass cheeks apart.Somehow, this time was both more and less painful as he pounded me, despite penetration that was not so deep. His first load made fucking my ass easier. Since he had already cum in my ass once, it took a while for him to cum again. The whole time he fucked me, I was on fire, and soon I was cumming so hard, I could feel the drips from my pussy soaking the bed.After a while, Robbie finally burst. He released one squirt in my ass, then pulled out and showered my back. Finally, he pointed his cock at my pussy and let loose the last shot of cream.I finally washed his limp cock, took it in my mouth, and sucked out whatever was left. Great fun.What a night! We both enjoyed it a lot, but we agreed anal is only for special occasions.