Hey everyone, this our first story. We are a still relatively new couple. My husband and I are in our 20’s and have tied the knot. We have one baby and another on the way! We’ve been married for almost 3 years and have loved every minute of it. With this pregnancy, it’s been a bit harder. We are small business owners and have a little one running around the house. Our sex life has really been important to us but with pregnancy it’s definitely been on the back burner more. We still are in love with each other but there are times we really just miss our sex together. Sorry but we just young like that, we both love sex, haha.So my name is Amy and my beautiful husband is JJ. Friends since high school, we started dating senior year. We both skipped college and went ahead and got married. We’ve been trusting God to provide for our family and lead us everyday.Now I’ve always been pretty confident in my looks. I’ve got long blonde hair mixed with my green eyes. I’ve got a much more athletic build, my husband and I both played soccer competitively growing up. For my sexy bits, I’ve got my momma’s big boobies. I’ve also developed a pretty “phat ass” as JJ calls it. Now my husband is so damn sexy. He’s got brown curly hair with some blonde, he’s tall, and he’s extremely well built.So with our current pregnancy, my hormones have been… interesting to say the least. So this past weekend my husband and I were cuddling early in the morning. We sleep naked most of the time, so it’s lovely.I asked him, ”Baby, am I still sexy?”“What? Of course you are honey.” He said as he caressed my cheek and kissed me.“Yeah, but they’re plenty of other girls my age, that aren’t this.” She said as she pointed to the larger parts of her body.“Honey, this is our baby.” He said as he rubbed my stomach. “It’s God’s will for us to have these babies and He has BLESSED US. I’m even more blessed to have someone like you carry my babies.””Babe-““No. I’m so blessed to have such passionate, loving, sexy wife.” He said as his hands moved past my stomach and moved toward my tanned thighs. I opened my legs more to nonverbally invite him to explore his domain.Before I knew it, his head was buried into my crotch, and his tongue is devouring my now wet pussy.“Oh fu-, baby you feel so good. Yeah, uh huh, yeah, oh fuck.” I’m loud in bed and I lose control when he fucks me this well.“You taste so good.”“Yeah? You like this pregnant pussy”“Yeah I love it” he said and he smacked my thigh. I squealed and he dug his hands under my ass. He grasped my hot cheeks and his tongue continued to eat my pussy.“God honey, oh fuck, pleaseee, fu, oh f, fuckkkk”I placed my legs over his shoulders.“I’ma cum baby, oh oh, I’m gonnaaaa…” I became speechless. I just cried out in moans as he brought me to a sheet gripping orgasm.“Oh honey I love you.” I said as I expressed my gratitude for my husbands selfless act. But I owed him. His cock was rock hard. I remain laying down and he stood up and put my legs on his shoulders. He said nothing but inserted his rock hard cock into my pussy. Then, he railed me into another series of moans and squeals as we finished.We cuddle again, soaked in love and sex.“So the answer is yes, I am that sexy.” I said”You’re damn right, baby” he replied and smacked my butt.I love him so much. We will continue to write! Thanks for reading and keep making love!