Thisstoryis ficitonal. The story revolves around a fun idea that can be implemented by couples for extra fun while watching sports at home. Enjoy!Karen bustled around in her kitchen, cooking a wide variety of simple snacks and finger food meals. Wings, chips and salsas, a few baked sweets … this was gonna be a great day. Football was on and Karen and her husband Jim had invited a few friends over for the game. Karen was less interested in football, and more interested in company, which is why she put so much of herself into the meals and snacks she had prepared.Down the hall, Karen could hear the tv come to life, and the sound of the couch being conquered by a big body. That had to be Jim. She wiped her hands on a towel and walked into the living room to see Jim watching the tv, but not looking very pleased.“Hey hon, is something wrong?”“Harpers just texted me. They won’t be coming over.”Darn it. That means there was way too much food prepared for everyone…“Oh, well at least the Rutkowskis …”“Naw, they canceled too.”Jim’s frustratededly stared on as Karen stood in silence for a solid minute.“Well, is anyone coming?”“Nope, it doesn’t look like …” Jim turned and finally saw his wife Karen for the first time in the conversation. “What are you wearing?”Karen looked down. It was a simple outfit. She had researched the teams that were playing ahead of the game, and secretly had ordered a jersey for the home team. Along with the deep red jersey bearing double 8’s, She had a tight pair of black yoga pants and socks … Why would any of this matter?“What do you mean?“Karen look at my shirt.”One glance awakened her to the problem at hand. Jim was in his regular jeans, and he also wore a jersey. Except, this jersey was a soft blue with white trim. He was obviously rooting for the away team.“Oh shoot. Did I get the wrong team?”“Yes Karen!” Jim seemed even more frustrated at the simple mistake, and turned back to let his 4K provide therapy through the moment.Karen turned back to the kitchen, also feeling frustration but showing it quite differently. All of the work she had put into this day, the food, the cleaning, buying the jersey … not a single soul was going to recognize it. Not even Jim. She buried her face into her hands and expelled irritated air from her lungs.Then an idea invaded her devious, naughty little brain.She lifted her head with a smile and accumulated all the snack and edibles she had made, bringing them out to the living room and placing them on the table she had prepared beforehand. After all the food was brought out, she decided to get some special drinks out as well, for just the two of them. Jim barely noticed her busy work, as he soaked in the pre-game analysis of the day’s game.Karen finished setting the food and drink, and then disappeared for a while. When she returned, Jim noticed that she had changed. She still had on the opposing jersey of the team he vilified, but he noticed her makeup was done a little bit more intensely, with red around the eyes to match her jersey. She also no longer had black yoga pants and socks, but rather she wore a tiny red miniskirt, showing her bare legs all the way down to her high heeled feet. Jim felt conflicted and confused. He knew that he was supposed to hate the fact she was embodying his rival team, but her sexy self made it hard to betoomad. He lifted his remote and muted his television.“Ok, Karen, what are you doing?”“Ohhh, I had a little idea. Since I happen to supporting the opposite team as you, and since everyone bailed on us, I thought we could add a littles spice to the game.”Jim smirked “Really, what did you have in mind?”“Okay.” Karen took a seat beside her husband on their leather couch. “So we watch the game as normal, but anytime your team scores, I will give you a blowjob. If my team scores you have to lick me out. At the end of the game, whoever’s team wins gets make the other person do anything they want for them … you know, anything sexy.”Jim felt his penis thicken just from the thought of the idea.“Okay sounds good to me!” Jim chuckled a bit as he drew Karen closer. “But how long will the blowjobs be?”Karen thought for a few seconds and then offered, “How about one minute for every point.”“Oh ok, so if it’s a touchdown, thats usually seven points, so it would be seven minutes.”“Yep!”The happy couple shook hands, locked lips and then focused on the game. Jim began eating the from the spread of food before him, until the game finally started. With all the formalities out of the way, football was finally on!Jim’s team, the Avalanche, had won the coin toss and decided to let the other team, the Firebirds, receive the football first. He looked at his wife’s coy, smiling face and offered her good luck as he sat on the edge of the couch, ready for the best game of his life.The Avalanche advanced the kickoff, and the Firebirds receiver caught it with ease. He began to run up the field as the announcer dictated the exact occurrence of the field …”He’s made it to midfield, and now he’s at the forty, no one in front of him! Thirty, twenty, ten, five, and TOUCHDOWN FIREBIRDS! What an amazing start to the game as the first play results in a score!”Jim slapped his knee and uttered a loud “Come on!” to his television. His focus was immediately deviated though as his wife spoke.“Ummm, Jim, you’re up …”Jim turned back to see his Karen reclining with her legs spread, revealing a lack of underwear under her miniskirt. “Better get started if you don’t wanna miss the game! I’ll set the timer for seven minutes.”Jim wasn’t expecting the game to go like this, but even if they lost today, something told him he would be enjoying it. He lowered his face into her thighs and let his tongue dance around her labia. He slid his hands around her hamstrings and rubbed her legs, as the intensity of his cunnilingus grew. About five minutes in, Jim could hear the game had resumed and his team had the ball, but he was too preoccupied to care. The alarm on Karen’s phone went off, revealing his time was completed, and he lifted himself back up resume the game. Karen thanked him as she also sat up and began to eat a snack.Karen had never enjoyed a football game more. She thought inwardly, “If every game was like this, I’d be pretty big fan!” Her thoughts were interrupted with the sight and sound of her husband exploding with energy, like some football bomb had exploded in chest and forced the rest of his body to flail with excitement.“Touchdown!!! WHOOOOO” Jim stood up giving the air a few fist pumps.Seeing his Karen with her legs crossed began to unbuckle his pants and drop his Jeans to the floor. He pulled down his boxers and revealed his already erect self to her. She playfully jutted her tongue out at him as if she was upset that his team had scored, but then revealed her true feelings as she seductively sucked his penis with even more vigor than his celebration had. Jim stood there feeling the absolute best he had felt in a long time. His team had just had an early rally with an amazing score, and now he was getting the blowjob of his life from his favorite person in the world. Is there anything better than this!The game went on and back and forth the couple exchanged loving and passionate oral sex with each other, even having to 69 each other for a while do to a series of quick scores that overlapped the seven minute pact they had shared. Finally the game came down to the wire, and the final play was about to reveal the winner. The Firebirds had the lead by 4 points, and the Avalanche had the ball just a mere 30 yards from their opponents end zone. Bu they only had 3 seconds on the clock, which meant they would have to throw the ball. Jim and Karen both were on the edge of their seats now, watching and listening with great intent as they each anticipated a victory. The announcer revealed the play.“The quarterback has taken the snap. He looks, can’t find a receiver anywhere. He may be in trouble. The defense is closing in on him … The ball comes loose! It’s a fumble! The Avalanche running back has recovered the ball and is off to the races! Can he beat the defenders to the endzoooooone?”“TOUCHDOWN! TOUCHDOWN! The Avalanche have won the game!”Jim cheered and laughed in celebration as Karen’s jaw dropped and then looking at Jim she playfully scrunched her nose at him. Jim pointed at her laughing and reminded her of the deal…“Oh I know! Okay big boy your team won, what do you want?”Jim had to think … the excitement of the game and the blowjobs he had received during it had nearly brought him to orgasm already. He was close, but he wanted to enjoy his victory a little longer. How could he make this moment last?“Ok Karen, first, you have to …”Karen interrupted him.“Ah, ah, ah, only ONE thing Jim, ONE thing. I will do ONE thing, not a bunch, there is no first this , second that … Nope, ONE THING.” Karen’s smiling but serious demeanor was emphasized with her pointer finger revealing that lonely number as a reminder. ONE THING.“Okay, okay. okay. Fine then. For my ONE THING … We will … have anal sex.”Karen gasped. “What! no way!”Jim reminded her: “Uh Karen, you said, and I quote: ‘anything sexy’!” Jim gave air quotes to emphasize his recollection.Karen scoured at Jim and gave him a dirty look. “Really? This is what you wanna do? Of all the things …”Karen surrendered herself, stripped herself naked, and then knelt on the couch with her buttocks in the air, revealing her sexy body for her husband, and then looked back at him. Her smile revealed that her protest was not nearly as concerning as she let on.Jim was already naked from the blowjobs contest, except that he had to remove his jersey. He did, and then approached the beautiful trophy he had won from the contest. He gently caressed her cheeks and then promised, “I’ll go easy on you.”“You’d better!” She forcefully replied.Jim smirked, and then surprised Karen as she felt his tongue licking all over and around her ass. She closed her eyes as he found her center and lubricated it with a good stroke of his tongue. He rose up and she felt the air breeze over her wet asshole, until smooth but firm pressure began to puncture her tightened hole. Slowly, Jim entered Karen from behind, letting out a long pleasure filled sigh as her tightness immediately affected him. Karen tightly closed her eyes, expecting a dose of pain, but surprised at how pleasant it felt. Gradually, Jim began to rock back and forth in small and slow paces, and Karen no longer felt worried about the process, she felt GOOD.“Mmmmm, Jim go faster.”“Sure!” He elevated to a medium pace and now his ball sack would swing into the lips of Karen’s pussy. The soft rhythmic sound of the slapping against her labia made her even more excited.“Oooooooo….mmmmmmm…. YaaAaAAAaaaaa….. uuuuuuuu…..”Her relentles sounds spurred Jim on to keep going and even to go harder. He was getting close to climax, and her sounds only brought him closer.“Oh, oh, oh, yes, yes, yes, pound, me, harder, Jim, oh,oh,oh …”He obeyed. He gave her all he could as her commands became yells and screams of pleasure. She was climaxing. She rubbed her pussy with her hand and he swayed inside her, until Jim couldn’t hold on any more and with slow but very potent jabs, came inside her. Both of the uttered moans and groans as they finished together.Needing a breath, Jim pulled out of Karen’s ass, and sat down in a nearby chair, exasperated. Karen stayed with her butt in the air, head buried into the couch, her chest rising and lowering with deep breaths of her own.Jim watched his sexy wife as she finally left her position, stood over him and kissed him with gratitude. Then she whispered:“Rematch, next Sunday.”