I had to be at the hospital at 5:45 am today for another routine—but still dangerous—surgical procedure. Since the hospital was 100+ miles from home, we got a hotel room near the hospital the day before. I had a pre-operative appointment in the afternoon, and we had dinner with family, so we were bushed when we got to the hotel. Plus I was having a painful flare-up of RA in my right knee. So we watched a movie on the room’s TV and fell asleep.Knee pain woke me up at 2:00 a.m. Melody woke up shortly afterward. She is a genius on many levels. She figured out a sleeping position for me that calmed my knee and I went back to sleep. She’s so kind!By the way, it wasn’t my knee that was getting surgery.The next morning we woke at 4:20 a.m. I immediately thanked Melody for figuring out the pain-free sleeping position for my knee. I thought of her & I felt loved and well taken care of.We needed to leave at 5:30 a.m. or so to make it to the hospital on time. My knee was hurting badly, and 70 minutes was definitely limited time. We had to pack and deal with the medical equipment too. But we have a tradition of married sexy fun, if possible, the day before surgery, or some kind of sex before surgery on the day OF surgery. And we were not gonna be denied.We stripped straightaway, aware of our limited time. My wife’s soft, sensitive skin looked glorious in the hotel room’s soft lamplight. (Dang! I’m getting hard again while writing this, just thinking how amazingly beautiful and sexy she looked so early this morning. And I’m stuck in a hospital bed right now!)Anyway, Melody looked at MY naked body and we were clearly on the same page because she said, “Mmmmm! That looks nice!” But then my wife said her pussy was still itchy (from a recent yeast infection), so she suggested that she just fix my problem, meaning give me an orgasm. But my orgasm is most fun when she cums too. So I got two small vibrators out, handed them to her, and dove right in! “Dove in” means my lips targeted her nips. We call this “lips on nips.”I paused for a few seconds in absolute amazement. My eyes ran the length of her body and I was once again amazed that I got to do this with such a gorgeous goddess! And I told her so.  She immediately replied, “I am too!” I am so grateful that Heavenly Father led us to each other!Melody and I had not even had an orgasm for six days due to the cursed, aforementioned yeast infection, so it took little effort to talk her into using the iVibe and Sensuelle Plus. She really was sooo beautiful as I watched her buzz her pussy and clit. I sucked gently on her nipples at first but soon transitioned into pinching righty as I sucked and tongue-flicked lefty. It was particularly fun to push her nipple with my tongue and then feel her swollen nipple rebound into my mouth. “Mmmmmmm!”Knowing our limited time, I prayed for her as I feasted on her delicious boobies—licked, sucked, tongue-titillated. I rubbed her opposite nip with my palm and fingertips, and I massaged righty with one hand and pinched her nip until she yipped, “Ouch! Too hard!”The funny thing is, within a minute she wasn’t complaining as I tweaked her titty almost as hard. Maybe this is common, I don’t know. But do any wives out there in MH Land like nipple play more intensely as arousal increases?I again spontaneously told my Melody how beautiful she was as I gazed at her milky curves and clearly sexually aroused voluptuous body. That pushed her over the top. She began to shake and make a kind of grunting sigh as she had a very nice orgasm. I knew that after a rare six-day dry spell, she’d be wired.I had not yet cum and Melody knew what to do! She did lips on nip on my left nip and her free hand stroked then squeezed my ammo pouch. I was pumping my cock to full power and beyond! So I had a nice, powerful orgasm as well and I sprayed my tadpole-shaped bullets all over my tummy and chest.Afterward, we showered, and I rubbed lotion on her beautiful back and backside. (Always fun!) But there was no time for round two. So we got dressed, packed, and headed for the hospital.While on the drive, I acknowledged that lovemaking is not always about sexual intercourse. And I told Melody, “I can promise you that what we did today was fulfilling!” She loves a good pussy pounding, but she’s always said that things like we did this morning are still lovemaking.I again told my Melody on the way to the hospital and my surgery how beautiful she was and is. “Did YOU feel well taken care of this morning?” I asked with a smile. She rewarded me with one of her devastatingly cute smiles!Then I told her that somehow my after-sex shower had not been thorough enough because dried semen was pulling on my tummy hairs. She suggested I use a damp paper towel in the pre-op bathroom, and she helped me do so after I got into the hospital gown. That orgasm and ejaculation I had had been extremely explosive and prolific with my microscopic polywogs!By the way, I was a little late to the OR, but my surgery went fine.In my defense… if you think that this story sounds a little off, realize that I’m lying in my hospital bed on pain meds that stop the pain but keep me awake.  Also,”microscopic polywogs” are sperm cells…  get it?