This story has some strong language (L)You might want to read Part 1 & part 2 of this series story first.This is a continuation of a serial story of a doctor/sexologist and client role-play that my wife and I did.  This role-play actually DID happen as described.  And it was a LOT of fun for both of us!!! You can follow these links toPart 1andPart 2.He lay on his side and lined his tip up with her pussy opening. She was breathing heavily in anticipation. But Dr. Tom Lynn was not a young man, but he was virile.  He had trouble grabbing a pillow and hurt his shoulder. The pain caused his erection to wane a little. Suddenly his client, Melody, stood and went over to the lingerie table. She slipped into a cupless and crotchless purple teddy and then began a very erotic, nearly-nude dance. She stroked her pussy and pinched her nips as she swayed her sexy ass.Dr. Lynn was evaluating Melody for her sexual skills and sexuality. She leaned over and wiggled her bare ass at him, the teddy framing its curves. Tom was laying on the edge of the bed, pumping his rod back to full power while he watched the sexy show. He had lost his professional vocabulary completely as he said, “A score of five for your beautiful ass!” He then added, “Now come back to bed so I can fuck your very beautiful pussy!”But Melody had another idea. She knelt by the bed and began kissing his tip. Then she ran her lips and tongue back and forth on his dick from tip to the base of his shaft. She did this a few times before engulfing his rod. She had such a small mouth that Tom was astounded and VERY pleasantly pleased that she could deep-throat his large cock!  He could feel the back of her throat with his glans, and that was so sexy!Melody was an overachiever, so she had developed this skill to a high degree. It wasn’t usually her favorite thing to do, but sometimes she was way into it, like now. She also was a very competitive former college athlete.  So she wanted a high score.  She alternated between deep-throating and running her lips and tongue along the very sensitive underside of Tom’s rod. She even did lip bites and pulled the skin away from the shaft.  She started at his base and worked her way lip bitting his cock clear to his glans.After a little while, she switched to pumping his shaft part of the time. But she kept at least his first two inches in her mouth for the length of the entire blow job, except when she was focused on his erection’s underside. While he was in her mouth, her tongue caressed his cock. It was an incredible experience for both of them. Melody reflected later that it was probably the longest BJ she’d ever given her husband.Tom moaned and Melody stopped and drew back.  “Is something wrong?” she asked.“You are giving me the best blow job of my LIFE Melody!” exclaimed Tom. “Nothing is wrong!  In fact, everything is right!”So Melody resumed the blow job with, if possible, even more enthusiasm.  As she pumped Tom’s large dick deep into her mouth, she was careful to also suppress her gag reflex.  She had actually practiced with a banana.Finally, she ended the fellation with a popping sound as Dr. Lynn’s large cock left her mouth.Tom said, “Oh my heavens, you are amazing! That was the best blowjob EVER!”Melody stood and leaned over to kiss his lips. Then she leaned with her mouth near his right ear and gave a Cougar growl that she knew would turn on her husband even more. She slipped out of their role-play for a moment to say in a quiet voice, “Reserved only for you, my handsome husband.”Tom smiled. “This role play is turning into one of the best of our marriage,” he whispered into HER ear. It was like when they slipped out of their role-play it was a secret.  Then as Melody stood again, he sat up so his lips could love on her nips. He dropped back into character to say, “This evaluation is going very well. Don’t you think?”“Mmmmmmm… I agree!” said Melody as she continued to cup her voluptuous breasts for Tom’s easy access.  “Yes, it IS going very well!”But the evaluation and assessment were not yet over. They were only getting going.NOTE:  This model in the photo bears a passing resemblance to my beautiful, kind, smart, and sexy wife!  This story to be continued – and the final filled-out evaluation form will be in the next installment.)