(A) – This story contains anal/prostate play.Christmas night around 0330 I woke up needing to pound one out. After lubing up the Fleshlight and starting to enjoy things—for me it’s like an extra blanket I forgot I needed—I found that when lying on my side I could thrust in a head to toe direction. It’s easier if you have your feet against a wall. When doing this the pubic bone slides against where the clit would be, and the bend hits about where the G-spot would be. On the way out the underside of the tip gets some pressure which felt really good when going slow. This led to an intense orgasm that lasted about ten seconds, but it felt like a good bit longer.On a different night I tried out a Lifestyles Ultrasensitive condom. This one remained intact and the sensations were almost as good as raw. It did require more lube though. The backstory on this is that cumming inside of something is vastly better than in the open, and personally I have moral issues with hormonal birth control (it also permanently changed a family member’s hormones and now they have trouble having more kids). So if I find a wife, I want better options for her than get an IUD, which many say is painful, or be pregnant constantly.On an afternoon a while ago, I finally experienced a prostate orgasm. I haven’t been able to duplicate it yet, but I’m working on it. Initially I tried a prostate vibe, but the vibrations were weak and it did nothing for me except feel weird. I ended up improvising a much stronger vibe (you don’t want to know) that produced better results. At first the vibrations produced pleasurable sensations that came in waves. Then after I ran out of precum, which took about two hours, the orgasms hit—about five in three or so minutes. After the fifth one I just couldn’t take it anymore. Some semen came out after the fifth orgasm, but none after the other four. I’m still working on how to reproduce this, but it was a very intense experience. I started out leaning up against a wall and ended up in a heap on the floor. Also, I found that the prostate can move around without me being able to feel that it has moved. I’m not sure if this is due to a surgery I had years ago or if that is normal.