I just finished reading a post about edging. It reminded me of our experience in discovering information (and learning about) having and enhancing orgasms. As a young man, I was always curious about sex and couldn’t wait to get started. So strong was my desire that I went “solo” for years before getting any actual PIV experience. Despite being taught sex outside of marriage was a sin, I believed it was a forgivable sin. I did have experience before marriage with other women, but I have remained faithful to my wife since meeting her. I believe my early relationships ended in ways that directly resulted from my sin.Mary was a virgin when we met and remained one until our wedding night. We had a strong physical attraction to each other, which led to what I thought was a satisfactory sex life. Mary didn’t deny or withhold her physical charms, and I was happy to appreciate our physical connection. We enjoyed exploring physical pleasure in ways only a trusting relationship can allow. I’d purchased a few sex toys while our family was still growing, and we’d experimented a bit with them.It was while using a vibrator for the first time that Mary actually squirted during a strong orgasm. I was surprised, shocked even, that it had happened. I thought she’d perhaps lost control of her bladder from the intensity of the orgasm. Her strong stream sprayed me as she jerked and bucked her entire body. This may have been the strongest orgasm she’d ever experienced.Maybe it was the vibrator or that we’d snuck away for privacy to a friend’s house where I was dog-sitting. Perhaps it was the freedom of not being concerned with making too much noise and drawing our boys’ attention. Whatever the reason, this was a wonderfully strong orgasm.I wish I could say this was the start of a new level of intensity in our sex life, but it wouldn’t be true. That didn’t happen until years later. After I retired, I had more free time to read and think about our life together. The internet was now a regular part of our lives; access to information on any subject imaginable was just a Google search away.By then, both our sons were grown and living independently elsewhere. We had a quiet home with plenty of privacy. I remembered the squirting episode and began reading about what may cause that response. I bought a few books and read more. One work that I read described how sexual response, while occurring naturally, is also a learned response.While having an orgasm comes easily for men, it’s not the same for women. Surprisingly (to me anyway) some women never or rarely reach orgasm. But according to my reading, women can be taught to orgasm. And once they reach one orgasm, they may be able to have another soon after, becoming multi-orgasmic.The lengthy article was written by someone connected to the Sybian sex machine as an advertisement for the machine. The title was “Rebooting Your Sex Life.” It was a very detailed explanation for women, offering a step-by-step process to discover what pleases you and to condition and teach your body to respond. I read this several times and even took some notes.I selected some of the training methods they suggested and made a plan. It began with asking, “Would you like to improve our sex life?”  I was thrilled to hear she would be willing to try!  Thinking back, who would say “No” to that question?I became very excited and considered how we should progress. We started by setting aside a special time for “training.”  I began referring to our experimentation as having a “training day.” I was very selective in choosing how to implement specific activities, choosing some and ignoring others the article suggested. This was because Mary never masturbated, to my knowledge, and seemed to have no interest in it.She did enjoy me touching her, and especially genital massage, which would lead to an orgasm. The author’s suggestion relied heavily on a woman using masturbation techniques to “wake up” her response to stimuli. Knowing Mary’s reluctance to do this, I knew I’d need to assist in that area. I was more than willing, as I find nothing more exciting than watching her experience an orgasm.A part of the training included wearing a blindfold to block visual input, which can be distracting. The idea was for her to focus on the pleasurable sensations, which enabled her to build up to an orgasm. Initially, I used only my hands to stimulate her. As we progressed, different toys were added to strengthen her response and provide stimulation AFTER her initial orgasm.Another surprise for me was how a position change can affect sexual response. Changing positions during sexual activity can dramatically change the response to stimuli, whatever form is used. The use of toys provided continuous, unchanging stimulation during an orgasm and may have assisted her in becoming multi-orgasmic.Mary also taught her body to respond to breast play. Perhaps wearing the blindfold helped her to really connect with the kisses,  small nips and sucking that I gave her breasts. She began having “mini-orgasms,” laughing and jerking her body when I began my breast foreplay. I noticed that attention to her neck, ears, and breasts made her vagina wet and her vaginal lips swell and moisten.Mary told me that she became sensitive after an orgasm and that it was uncomfortable to continue. I had read this was common and that it was important to continue if you wanted to experience multiples. We had to push through the discomfort and keep up stimulation, perhaps moving more slowly, switching to another type of stimulation, or taking a very short break of a minute or less. The important thing was to “push through” and keep some stimulation going.This eventually resulted in a breakthrough: she soon began having another even stronger, longer-lasting, orgasm. After having a second, it didn’t take much longer for her to continue experiencing orgasm after orgasm. I thought after some similar episodes that she’d ask to stop. I lost count of how often she came, and soon, one orgasm started a series of them. I’ll admit her response was a joy to see. I was enjoying watching her reactions as much as she was experiencing them.The focus of genital stimulation was NOT the entirety of her training. Touching, massaging  and kissing body parts was a part of foreplay and training.  Accompanying this, words of encouragement were also included. Statements like:“I love to watch your nipples become erect when I kiss and suck on them.”“You are making me so hard when I see how your body responds to my touch.”“I get so excited when I see your vaginal lips swell and open up when I rub them.”“You look so beautiful when I see you reaching orgasm and start cumming. It’s so exciting to watch.”As our success in her response built, I’d offer more words of encouragement, including:“I know you’re getting close. When you start to cum, I want you to ride it as long as you can.”“Keep cumming. I know you can come harder and longer. See how long you can cum.”I believe this encouragement assisted her in experiencing longer and stronger orgasms.Later experimentation and play led to new discoveries. After oral attention, Mary would get on her knees, facing away from me, and we’d apply lube to her clit. She could then experience strong orgasms accompanied by copious squirting when her clit and G-spot were massaged. Several episodes of squirting strong streams of fluid often seemed to drain her of energy. She’d collapse on the bed. Other times, it energized her. She’d then straddle my erection and ride it energetically until she had another orgasm or, often, several more. She’s even managed to squirt while she’s riding me. I remind her that I don’t mind.I feel blessed to have a great wife who enjoys the physical attention I give her. And she certainly returns it to me. Our relationship continues to grow as we both learn. For instance, after “attending” to one of her breasts then moving to the other, I noticed she often caressed the breast I just left.Most recently, I’ve encouraged her to apply lube to her vagina and clit, telling her, “Be sure you rub it in well, and make sure to get some lube inside of you.” I watch as she sometimes can bring herself to a first orgasm as the lube is applied.  It’s satisfying to watch her apply lube to her body and then continue attention to the sensitized areas.God has blessed us by providing such great sexual partners!