(L) – This story contains strong language.It was the best day of my entire life: my wedding day.Everything was beautiful. Pink flowers and floating candles decorated the reception venue. We got married in a chapel and took a horse-drawn carriage adorned with white flowers to the reception hall. White Clydesdales pulled the carriage and I could hear their hooves clicking against the pavement on a beautiful sunny summers day while I sat next to my new husband.It was my fairytale moment. I was married to my Prince Charming!My siblings, friends and the bridal party wore pink and gray. The girls dresses were pink. Each one of my sisters looked like an ethereal fairy in their gowns, and each man and brother looked well manicured in their gray slacks and pink dress shirts.I had worn my mother’s wedding dress which had unfortunately passed away many years ago. I cried when I tried it on for the first time and it fit my body like it was made for me. No adjustments were needed for the size of my dress, only a few changes to the silhouette.As a little girl, I had always looked in wonder at my mother’s wedding photos. “You looked like a princess, Mommy!” I would exclaim. I always dreamed I’d wear her dress one day and look as beautiful as she did.Oh how handsome my husband looked. I’ll never forget him standing at the end of the aisle in his gray tuxedo and brown dress shoes. A lei adorned his shoulders, draping down on either side. The colors complemented his dark Carmel complexion and chocolate colored hair well, although he could wear a potato sack and still be the sexiest man alive to me. As always, the glow of his amber eyes captivated me as a stood across from him and said my vows.Every dream I have ever had about my wedding day was realized that day, and I surprised my husband by performing a traditional Hawaiian hula dance. I remember how it came about that I decided to do it. His family are native Hawaiian and told me I should have a hula dance. The bride usually performs it, but they said I should have someone else do it as it would be too hard for me to learn. I have never been so determined to prove someone wrong in my whole life.Swaying my hips and posing my hands as I had practiced for hours on end, I could see my husband crying as he watched me perform the dance for him. I had practiced the whole routine in secret, keeping is hidden from him. He and the majority of his family were under the impression that someone else would perform the dance.Cheers and whistles filled the air as his family realized I had actually learned a whole routine and was performing a hula for him. It was the best-kept secret I ever had, and for the look on my beloved’s face, it was worth every minute of practice.We danced the whole night. Everyone did. My siblings, my friends, and even my grandparents danced the night away while eating cake and drinking champagne. I have never smiled so much in one day before or since.After the party was over, we left for our honeymoon suite at a local hotel. Now that we were finally alone, I faced my husband for the first time being newly married and in a room together with just us. We were exhausted and I suggested turning on the jacuzzi that came with the room. He obliged and started undressing.I was in awe as I saw his strong shoulders, arms and chest slowly revealed as he removed his suit jacket and shirt. I was also delighted to see his firm pecs and sexy indents on either side of his abs that softly outlined them, pointing downward and beckoning me to look lower.He is by no means a skinny man, but he is very muscular. He has my ideal body type. He is the type of man that can pick you up and throw you onto the bed with ease. Washboard abs have a certain appeal, but actually having strength rather than just a low BMI is a much greater turn on for me, and I was basking in every bit of the visual masterpiece of his body.I wanted to devour that Carmel skin and sink into those warm sunset eyes like they were the jacuzzi in our room. His dark brown hair was messy from all of the dancing and fell somewhat out of place into his face, increasing the appeal of the idea of me pouncing on him by the minute.My Mr. Tall, Dark and Handsome was right in front of me, and I was dressed for the occasion as well. As I stepped out of my dress, my undergarments were revealed to him. A white lace bra cupped my D sized breasts and lifted them. I was wearing a white lace thong to match my top half, and a blue lace garter that was my “something blue” for the wedding.If his skin is Carmel mine is porcelain. I am quite pale, but have always had clear, soft skin despite its paleness.I had finally grown into my body as a woman, recently having gone from barely a B cup to a D cup, and my curves were more filled out now than they ever were when we first met.I always had wide hips even while I was twig thin, but they were slightly wider now and I had also grown a full peach-shaped ass. The additional weight complimented my figure by mostly accumulating in the right places due it being a healthy kind of weight gain.My hair was still done half up in curls, and I still wore my crown of flowers. I’d forgotten about it, and I didn’t remember I was wearing it until he removed it from my head. He looked at me with the same awestruck look I was giving him, and he said, “My beautiful wife.”I noticed tears were forming in his eyes. To avoid getting misty-eyed myself, I just laughed and said, “I think we’ve done enough crying today, don’t you think?” I wiped the tears off his face.“Speak for yourself,” he replied wiping a tear off my face in return. “Can I help you get undressed, beautiful?”“Of course.”As he unlatched my bra, my breasts relaxed downwards, pink nipples pointing upwards at the ends. I removed my panties and garter as he looked on, then we stepped into the jacuzzi together. We sat down and my head naturally nestled into his chest. We compared our new rings in the warm water and the lights in the room bounced off of them and into the water around us.Wealmostfell asleep after that, but of course, we didn’t. As exhausted as we were, we agreed we had to make love tonight. After all, you only get one wedding night. Picking me up after I had dried off, he threw me onto the bed and requested I spread my legs, to which I eagerly obliged.Coming up in between my legs, he started licking my inner thigh, at which I jumped slightly in surprise. He placed his hand on my other thigh reassuringly, rubbing it gently. His tongue ignited the nerve endings around my crotch with excitement and tingling sensations as they came to life, giving intense feelings of pleasure. I moaned softly while basking in those feelings of pleasure as he worked his way inwards.Flaring out his tongue, he covered as much of my labia as he was able to, slowly licking upwards, which gently stimulated my clit. My moans started getting louder as he zeroed in on it, licking it directly. Slowly but steadily he increased his pace, increasing my pleasure ten fold.“Oohhhh, Bryce,” I moaned. I continued moaning his name as the intensity of the pleasure continued to increase. He flicked his tongue over my aching clit as it swelled. I felt the warmth of my crotch spread towards my coreMy nerves were sensitive to every tiny motion of his mouth and he continued licking and kissing my clit. Pleasure built past the point I thought was possible. I couldn’t stop the oncoming release as the pressure built up to a breaking point and then came toppling down dramatically as I was sent over the edge.“AHHH I’m—I’m cumming!” I said as my thighs involuntarily squeezed his head, then started trembling. My core trembled as well as my vagina clasped shut over and over again. Release after release, wave after wave, the pleasure drowned my mind in bliss.He continued steadily licking until the wave of pleasure ultimately subsided. I had grabbed hold of his hair in the heat of the moment and my hand slowly relaxed while I was catching my breath and moaning softly with satisfaction.We weren’t done yet though. Climbing on top of me as he stroked himself, he whispered to me to bend over on my hands and knees. Once I had done so, he slid inside of me seamlessly, at which we both moaned.“We’re married now,” he explained, “So what I’m about to do doesn’t make me feel guilty at all.” He laughed to himself and said, “That’s amazing!”“You’re right,” I said “I don’t feel guilty either! That’s kind of crazy.”“Can I grab your hair?”“Please do.”Grabbing my hair, he started thrusting hard. I felt him hit the back walls of my vagina with passion as he fucked me.If there was anyone in the rooms next to us or even two rooms down, there is no way they did not hear exactly what we were doing that night. I screamed his name with pleasure, saying all sorts of dirty things I probably shouldn’t repeat while moaning with each thrust. At one point I attempted to muffle the noise in the fluffy white pillows of the bed, but I was so loud they might have heard me anyway.Everyone in earshot could hear exactly how hard he was fucking me, and I didn’t care. We were *that* couple that night in the hotel. But if there is any time to be *that* couple, it’s on your wedding night. The next morning we were leaving on our honeymoon anyway, so we let it all out.He came inside of me that night. We came at the same time. It was only after the fact that I noticed he spread my ass so hard that I had an actual tear in between my cheeks. It stung when we were cleaning up in the jacuzzi tub afterwards.We would always joke about the fact he was so eager that he nearly split my butt apart on our wedding night. It actually hurt to sit in certain ways during our honeymoon, which was kind of a pain, but a good story anyway.Wrapped in the fluffy hotel blankets, we cuddled close and stared into each other’s eyes, basking in the glow of the night.“I just can’t believe we’re married. We are actually married,” Bryce said, smiling.“I can’t believe it either,” I said, smiling back at him.I felt like the entire day had been a dream. It was so perfect. We drifted off to sleep cuddling underneath the fluffy white comforter of the king bed of the hotel.It was one of the best nights of sleep I ever had.