She received a text:I’ve been watching you, and I like what I see.  I’ve been waiting for a while, and I may have to pay you a visit.  AnonymousShe asked:Who is this?The reply:I’m in control here, and I need you to remember that.  I don’t want any trouble from you.  You be a good girl, and everything will be fine.  AnonymousWhat if I don’t want to be a good girl?she asked.I can accept if you want to be a bad girl.  But I need you to do something. I know you are alone, so I want you to go to the shower and shave your pussy bald and smooth for me.  AnonymousShe decided it wouldn’t hurt to do this; it might be a nice surprise for her husband anyway, and she was a bit intrigued. How did this person know she was alone?Done.She replied.Send me a picture to show me you did what I asked.  Be a good girl and let me see.  AnonymousShe wasn’t sure she could do that, but she was curious. And what harm was a picture with no face.  She took a picture of her freshly-shaven crotch and tapped send.What if I tell my husband about this?she asked.How well do you think that would go at this point?  You just shaved your pussy and sent a picture of it to a random person. You know I’m in control now.  Now, if you’re a good girl and answer a couple of questions for me, I might give you a present.  I saw you last night with your husband. You had a vibrator between your legs while you sucked him.  Did you moan with your lips wrapped around him when you orgasmed, and did you cum again while riding him?  AnonymousHow did this person know about that? Maybe she should be more cautious. But thinking about last night with her husband, she got moist. Shehadmoaned while using the vibrator and blowing her husband, and later she was dripping as she came when filled with his manhood.Yes to both,she sent.Good girl. There is a present for you at your front step.  AnonymousShe went to the front door, nervous but excited.  There she found a bag, and in it were a pair of sheer pink lace panties, a blindfold, and a note.  It read:Put both of these on with nothing else and stand in the middle of your bedroom. Text me that you’re ready just before you pull the blindfold over your eyes.  I’ll find a way in.  AnonymousShe was past the point of no return now. The barely-there panties slid on with ease, and she decided to take a picture. You could see her newly-shaved lips through the lace.  She sent the picture with the words, “I’m ready,” to her anonymous friend.  Then she pulled down the blindfold and stood quietly, topless in her new panties, and waited.She heard the floor squeak just outside the bedroom; someone was there.  She was nervous and excited.Suddenly, she felt a sharp spank on her ass! The someone knew she liked being spanked! Fingers began to caress her through the panties; she was getting wet already.  Her hand was guided to a hard cock, and she started to gently stroke as she felt fingertips on her nipples and between her panty-clad lips.Next, she was guided to her knees, and she felt the soft head of the penis she had been stroking at her lips.  Without hesitation, she enveloped the hard cock and worked it with her tongue and mouth.  She felt a tug on her hair, and she grabbed the ass and pushed the full shaft deep in her mouth to the back of her throat.  Working his dick in and out of her throat, she thought she heard a familiar moan.Before long, she was raised to her feet and guided to the bed, where the pink lace panties were stripped from her. She felt fingers explore her smooth hairless folds and became wetter as they rubbed and flicked her clit.   Her legs were spread wide, and she felt warm breath before a tongue entered her slippery hole, then tickled her clit.  It worked her pussy over, and her hips rose to meet it.As she got close to orgasm, she grabbed the anonymous head and rolled her hips to meet the tongue assaulting her pleasure spots.  She moaned as she came and flooded the face buried between her legs.Now she pulled her lover up her body so she could get his hardness inside of her; she was taking control now.  Wrapping her legs around his waist, she buried his dick deep in her shaved love tunnel.  She loved the sensation that she had with the newly-bare lips. They seemed to be more sensitive now.As he thrust deep into her, she felt another wave of pleasure as she orgasmed again.  Her juices ran down her ass as he slammed her harder, and she got another moan from him as he filled her with his cum.After a breathless moment, she lifted her blindfold to look at her husband.“Hi, honey,” she said.  “Your picture was on your messages, so I kind of knew it was you.”I looked at my wife, knowing I had forgotten that little detail when I started my charade.  “Thanks for playing with me anway,” I said.I love that my wife endures me and my occasional games, and her pussy is amazing—even more so when she shaves it for me.