(A) – This story contains anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.As we lay in bed on a Saturday night, I came up with a most unusual thought.I was gently fondling her breast and going down on her, and she seemed to enjoy the wild, yet enticing fondling she was having as her vagina and clitoris were stimulated. She engulfed my erect cock into her wide open mouth, coming up for air time and again.We changed positions, and now was the serious time. I had ripped off her nighty and she proceeded to pull down my shorts. We both enjoyed our naked bodies by sucking and kissing one another all over. I realized she was becoming very vulnerable to this intense love making.I needed to share my thought with her. Unable to resist, I asked her something for the first time ever.“I need you badly,” I started.“Meaning?” she asked, her voice so full of arousal it sounded like a whine.I whispered with some reservation, not knowing what her reaction would be.“I want to fuck you in your ass.”“Oh boy,” she said. She cringed a bit at the thought, but seemed willing. “It’s yours for the taking,” she said. “I’m small and we could try, but first we need some lube and condoms.”We didn’t have any. So she jumped up and slipped on a dress over her naked body.“Get ready,” she said. “It’s still early. The sex shop should still be open. Let’s go and buy some.”I rushed to dress, and we quickly drove off to the nearest sex shop. As she said, it was still open.She jumped out and spoke to a consultant. Soon, we walked out with a few condoms and a soft mixture of slippery lube. All along, she was nearly naked, clothed in only that dress and nothing else. She’s very open minded, and so exposed much of herself and seemed to enjoy it.“Did you see some of the guys in the shop?” she uttered.“Yes,” I replied.She laughed and looked at me. “I could see their cocks bulging through their pants!”I just looked at her and said, “You are a real cock teaser.”She had a good laugh at that!We stopped for some coffee before we made our way home.Minutes later, we were back on the bed, stripped naked as we started lovemaking all over again.I eventually grabbed the lube. She didn’t have any experience in taking my fingers into her ass hole, but she helped me along until my fingers were sliding in and out. She seemed to enjoy it! In the heat of the moment, I forgot the condoms as she went on all fours and lifted her ass cheeks upwards. I came up behind her, found the right spot, and slowly pressed my cock in.She screamed, “Oh no, that hurts!”I tried again, but as soon as I had just gone about an inch in, she screamed again. We tried, but she just couldn’t take it in, so we changed positions, and she lay flat on her stomach. I experimented and tried to force myself in, but she was clearly still in pain.I finally gave up, and not aware of the risk involved, I came up and pushed my cock into her mouth. She started devouring it as I grabbed her head, and we did what we were good at. She sucked me as I pushed into her mouth.Just as I was about to pull out and take her pussy, she said, “Finish off in my mouth! You’ve made me reach orgasm already so just go and release.” There was disappointment in her voice that our anal experiment didn’t work. But there was also still desire in her voice as she encouraged me to release.One more hard thrust and I felt semen rushing through my tubes and filling her mouth. As I released and emptied myself of semen, she swallowed and sucked me clean.“That was so awesome, but don’t despair. We’ll try again soon, and I’ll be gentle,” I encouraged her.Later in the evening, we had our usual sex until early morning.