(L) – This story contains strong language.My wife and I were sitting in bed, about to turn off the lights when she reached for her bottle of Vicks Vapor Rub. She started to apply the Vicks under her nose and on her upper chest, which has become her night time ritual most nights. I just teased her and we laughed at the obsession with Vicks.Personally, I don’t care for the smell, so I have always told her, “I know when you’re not in the mood, you just put on Vicks.” We were talking and laughing when I said, “Your porn name is Vikki Rubbs.” At this comment we had a good laugh. Several more jokes and gestures were made, before the lights were off and we were both in dreamland.Vikki Rubbs had been making her way in and out of our bed time jokes, for about the past month. One day, out of the blue at bed time, my wife asked, “Would you like to meet the real Vikki Rubbs one day?”Taken back, and a little confused I replied, “Sure? But she isn’t going to smell like that will she? If so it’s a no go for me.”My wife smiled and kissed me deeply, while putting her hand down my pants, then she said, “No, but Vikki Rubbs will blow your mind!” She pulled away and applied the Vicks, leaving me in total bewilderment.A few days later we had gotten our kids off to bed and put on a TV show. My wife had gotten up and excused her self to shower, saying she felt dirty from the day and wanted to clean up. I told her I would take the dog out one last time and close up the house and shower as well, and we could get to bed. My wife assured me not to hurry and she would meet me in the bed room.I made it to the bedroom and my wife was in the closet getting dressed. I undressed and took a shower and got ready for bed. When I left the bathroom and walked into the bedroom I met Vikki Rubbs.The room was dark, with only a candle lighting it, the little flame dancing off the mirror. The street lights outside shone into our room, giving the perfect, soft glow.My wife was there, black platform stilettos attached to toned, gorgeous legs. A black teddy hugged every curve of her body, showing the shape of her firm, tight ass, and pushing her breast together to give a nice show of cleavage. Her white, gold and diamond belly button ring was able to find enough ambient light to shimmer in the dark room. My wife started to walk towards me.Blood began rushing to my penis, my wife turned around and bent over showing me her ass. She stood up and walked up to me. She grabbed my hips and pulled me into her, she then grabbed my ever-growing penis and began to rub.My wife looked into my eyes and said, “Hello, my name is Vikki Rubbs, and I’m looking for a good fucking tonight. Am I in the right place?”“You have found the right place.” I replied.Vikki’s lips met mine, then so did our tongues. Her hands ran from my chest to my arms, shoulders, and then back to my cock. My hands ran along her back down to her ass, around her hips, and up to her breast.Vikki then squatted down and began to suck my cock. She rubbed my cock with one hand while sucking with her mouth. She then placed both hands on my lower back and began driving my hips into her mouth. Vikki began producing saliva, making my cock good and sloppy.I pulled out of her mouth and raised Vikki up, saliva oozing from her mouth. We kissed again, then I picked up her over my shoulder and went to the bed. I laid her down and liberated her tits from the teddy so I could begin to kiss them. Vikki moaned in approval. My hands ran to her pussy, which was dripping and had soaked through the fabric. I moved the fabric to the side and began to massage her clit. Vikki moaned in approval again. While sucking on her tits, I moved from her clit to fingering her, and her moans of approval began to get louder. She then pushed me to the side and retrieved a bottle of lube, opened it, and applied a little to my cock. Vikki then began to give me a hand job while I fingered her.I then stood up and took Vikki off the bed. I bent her over the bed, moved the fabric away from her pussy, and slid my cock into her.“Shit, that’s a big dick!” Vikki exclaimed.I started to pound Vikki’s pussy, placing my hands on her hips to drive deeper and harder into her. Her moans of approval louder and louder.“Fuck me hard baby, make your balls smack my ass! Harder baby, fuck me harder! Oh God!” Vikki exclaimed in enjoyment.I pulled out and stood her up. As she faced me, he lust and passion were evident in Vikki’s eyes. We kissed, and then I laid her back on the bed. I took the head of my cock and rubbed it against her pussy. In response, her eyes rolled back and her back arched. I then slid back into Vikki.I placed one stiletto over my left shoulder, so I could feel the heel dig into my skin, while I rubbed her left leg and stiletto with my right hand. I thrust hard in and out of Vikki while rubbing her toned legs and feeling the stilettos, which made my dick even harder. Vikki arched her back and stifled her moans, so as not to wake the kids.I then placed Vikki’s legs on the floor, put my body on top of hers, and kissed her passionately. I put my arms around her and picked her up, holding her completely off the floor. She wrapped her arms around my neck, and my hands held her ass as I lifted and lowered Vikki up and down my cock. We kissed and looked into each other’s eyes; we knew that we were tapping into our carnal side.“I’m going to cum, keep fucking me!” Vikki instructed me.With a burst of energy, my muscles started working harder. I held Vikki in the air and drove my cock into her. My shoulders and arms started to burn, but I didn’t care. With every sound she made I found energy to keep going.“Oh my God don’t stop, keep going. Harder, go harder…shit!” Vikki said as she came.Her cum oozed down my shaft and covered my balls. I set her on the edge of the bed and slowly pulled my cock out of her. The room’s light made her cum glisten on my cock.Vikki looked at me and said, “Ok, now it’s your turn. Fuck this post-cum pussy. Make your self cum! When you cum, cum all over me!”I slammed my cock back into Vikki, my hands holding her wrist down on the bed. Vikki wrapped her legs around me, digging her stilettos into my back. The pain from the stilettos fueled my carnal passion to fuck Vikki. I thrust in and out until I was on the edge of release. I let go of her wrist and she removed her legs. I pulled out of Vikki and stood up, and she slid in front of my cock, rubbing it ferociously.Vikki spoke to me, willing the hot cum out, “Give it to me baby, spray me down with that hot load. I want all of it baby. Cover me baby.” Then the first burst shot out.The hot cum came out in thick ropes. It landed on her upper chest. I removed her hand and started to rub myself, shooting several more loads of the hot, sticky cum. Vikki’s upper chest was covered in hot cum, slowly running down her cleavage.I kissed Vikki and then my wife said, “I’m glad you met my alter ego, I can’t wait for Vikki to come back again.”We showered and laid in bed, where my wife took her jar of Vicks Vapor Rub and applied some to herself. She kissed me and winked and then turned off the light.