This post contains strong language (L).Hey, MH Family. I’m Brian—the writer and husband half of our account, YoungCouple69. My lovely wife of five years is Julie. We have both been MarriageHeat readers since 2019 or so, and published our first story back in 2020. I (Brian) enjoy writing much more, so I write our stories. However, Julie and I love to brainstorm ideas and discuss them together as part of our erotica-writing creative process. We are active in our local church, love the Lord and each other, and love having sex. We’ve gotten much better at it too since getting married as virgins at age 22!One fun thing that has been part of our sex life since the beginning is getting naked outside. Julie and I are both outdoors people and love hiking together. We wanted to share some real-life stories from our first five years of marriage we thought you might find hot or inspiring.Part one: Fall DriveWe went for a drive on a beautiful autumn afternoon a few years ago to a local state forest. We knew we wanted to have some sexy fun. On this occasion, we planned to masturbate together rather than fuck like we normally would. So we packed a blanket, Julie’s vibrator, and some lube.The afternoon sun shining through the gold and orange trees was glorious as we slowly drove down a gravel road. We enjoyed the scenery, then stopped along the side of the road, grabbed our stuff, and hiked into the woods.I enjoy following Julie when we hike (for obvious reasons) as she often wears leggings on the trail. This particular day, my cock started aching after walking a quarter mile or so. I couldn’t stop staring at Julie’s athletic ass, outlined so well by those ridiculously sexy leggings with just the hint of a thong line showing. I pulled her aside and told her we needed to stop. She giggled mischievously, and we kissed deeply. I pulled her sweet face in with one hand while I caressed her firm ass with my other, and our tongues intertwined.We found a nice clearing in the woods and laid out the blanket we brought with us. I took my shirt off and we kissed some more. We listened to the wind rustle the leaves and the squirrels and birds chirp here and there. I lifted Julie’s shirt and bra in one move as her perky tits came bouncing out. They are so beautiful—literally the hottest breasts I’ve ever seen!Julie moaned in my ear, “Feel my pussy, babe. I’m so wet!”I slid a hand over her vulva and slowly slid my middle finger through her soaked slit. Another finger ran carefully over the hood of her clit. Wet was an understatement.We both peeled the rest of our clothes off as we continued making out under the trees. Julie gently squeezed and tugged at my balls, making my cock feel heavy as it quickly became fully engorged.We couldn’t take much more of this! Julie laid back with her knees up and massaged her swollen clit with her vibrator. I kneeled beside her, stroking my cock, mesmerized by the show my sexy wife was putting on for me. She squirmed and moaned softly as waves of pleasure began to build. Several minutes later…“Oh, fuck, Brian!” Julie’s hips began to buck, and her breathing became short and uneven. “I’m cumming. Oh, I’m cumming so hard, aaahhh!”That nearly made me spill my seed right there, but I resolved to hang on a little longer.Julie sat up and flipped over on her knees, doggy-style. Her beautiful, shaved pussy lips were engorged a dark pink, and her juices were running down both thighs. Unbelievable. I stared at her pussy and tight rosebud as she started working her clit again with the vibe. Only a minute or so later, she was screaming and shaking as another powerful orgasm overtook her voluptuous young body.With that, I lost it. I gave my cock one or two more pumps and felt my whole pelvis convulse. A rope of cum came rocketing out of my veiny dick and landed right on Julie’s ass. Rope after rope of hot semen kept coming—six or seven shots, at least—until I was completely drained. My thick white cum was running over Julie’s rosebud and pussy lips.We collapsed in a pile, hugging, giggling, and playing with our own sex juices. Eventually we cleaned up and headed back to the car. What a beautiful, special day. Can’t wait to do that again!We would love to know if this story gets you worked up and ready to enjoy some time alone or with your spouse! Stay tuned for Part Two.