My wife and I have a great marriage—always a work in progress, of course. We both love the Lord with all our hearts, minds, body, and soul. We are healthy, fit, and both work in the athletic world. We communicate well most of the time with a few glitches here and there, hence the reason for mentioning our fitness background: issue #1 is a fitness issue; #2 is as well but in a totally different arena.Currently, we have two pesky issues:1. I went through therapy for my knee, during which I relearned a great deal about the stabilizing structure and how to strengthen and maintain the entire area. Now my wife has issues with her hip popping out when making love on occasion. I mentioned that my work on the area surrounding my knee has created a much more stable leg, even with all my crazy movements. I asked if she had thought about doing the same for her hip. By her response, you’d have thought I’d asked her if I could spend a million bucks on a crazy venture! Has anyone had the hip issue? What did you do to fix it? Or if you have a spouse with a similar issue, how did you discuss it with them? Were the two of you able to get it fixed?2. Early on in our marriage, my wife was way more adventurous than me. Over time it balanced out. I have read many posts here, and yes, I get that life happens and changes come and go. My wife and I are normally good at seeing eye to eye on things. In the early years, she introduced play that was a bit controversial to me, but she is my wife, and I trust her. It felt amazing, and not only because it was new; it is actually amazing because the orgasms are mind-blowingly massive and multi.As time has gone by, we do less and less of that type of play. It is by far the most massively multi-orgasmic thing for me, and my wife still admits that it adds more to her orgasms than anything additional we do. But things have changed dramatically. (I know, the old time-and-change thing…) How so? We make love mostly one way with some good, pretty good, and the occasional PTL-it’s-amazing orgasms! We play with variety here and there but are nowhere near the multiorgasms or the number of orgasms. I hear someone typing now—”You are older, you are slowing down, you will not have as many…”—but it is not true when we do what we know works the best.Here we are in the present day; my wife once again wants to introduce something new into our sex life. Wonderful! The catch is this: she has introduced new things before that are off-the-charts incredible but now shows no interest in them. I love that she wants to do something new. We’ve never done it. Not something even on my radar to do. I’m willing, but… aw heck, I am apprehensive that, yes, I will probably like it, and she will piddle out on me yet again.I know, I know: my wife is awesome, and I am a very blessed husband. But I am also a person who does not like discovering amazing things with the one I love only to no longer or extremely seldom do them again. I do not want to quash her interest at all; I do not even want to give her a hint of my apprehension. The reason for the post is that my brain is wrestling nonstop. I just need someone to talk to. Thanks, everyone, for listening. I appreciate any interjection. Maybe it will help my brain settle it.Oh, here is where the first ties into the second issue. When I have brought up if we could reignite more of the past sex play, I get that same reaction as if I’d asked her if I could blow a million bucks on a crazy venture. It’s so weird because we talk so openly about most everything, and these past sexual things were at her bidding, not mine. I didn’t know anyone did the things she’s done. I don’t get it.