(L) – This story contains strong language.Chocolate Cream PussyWe are at a nice hotel. We haven’t had sex in 5-6 days. We are warm for each other’s form! But first I leave my wife (temporarily) in our hotel room and go pick up dinner at a nearby deli.The NFL playoff game is about to start! So we watch as we eat. Happily, our team is creaming their playoff opponent in the first quarter.This hotel room has a big in-room jetted tub. So after eating, we strip and head for the tub. We angle the TV and watch as we soak. It is fun to watch the game as we play another type of game in the jetted tub for two! My Melody is buzzing her clit with her waterproof vibrator. I am pumping my rod as I watch the show—the show in the tub, mostly. The tub has full length mirrors on two sides to enhance our view!The tub is deep and Melody’s big boobies are floating or suspended just under the surface. They are soooo beautiful! I can’t resist fondling “the girls” underwater. I fondle them with one hand as my othermanois busy fondling my cock.Melody is looking through the water at my cock that is quite excited by now. “Do you want this big cock to fuck your pussy?” I ask.Her answer is in the affirmative. “Yes I want Tommy to fuck me!”Melody climbs partly out and sits on the edge of her end of the tub with open legs. What an awesome view I have—both straight on and via the mirror to Melody’s left.Finally we both climb completely out, dry off, and head nude for the huge King-plus bed. I add lube and coconut oil to Melody’s pussy. Soon I’m gently feasting on her right titty. She’s again buzzing her clitoris with her vibrator. Then I move to her left and have oral fun with “Lefty.” Both nipples are excited and ready for more now. I first apply flavored lube and coconut oil deep inside her hungry pussy. But I want a taste. So I scoop some coconut oil and chocolate lube from her pussy and I do tip on nip—I rub my tip on her nipple as I kneel beside her and jack off my dick.Then she protests, “Nooo! I thought you were going to come over here!” (To her right) “It’s MY turn!” she demands.She means her turn to suck tit, meaning MY man-nipples. So I lay down and coat my cock and balls with both coconut oil and AloeCadabra Chocolate flavored lube. I also put oil and lube inside my vibrating stroker. Melody works her oral magic on my left nipple, and she simultaneously cups and squeezes my balls as I pump my slick dick with my hand then with my stroker. SO much erotic fun with this sexy Nordic babe I married! I feel that amazing feeling of wonder that I get to do this with such a kind, intelligent, beautiful, and sexy wife!We are taking it slow and taking our time. Finally she says, “I need Tommy to fuck me now!”I comply, but not immediately. I add more coconut oil and chocolate lube up past her lovely labia and into her already wet pussy. The view is wonderful because of the many lamps we have turned on. (We are turned on too!) With this awesome light on my wife’s porcelain Norwegian skin, I can’t resist taking some photos. (We have a private photos/videos app.)In fact, I go back to rubbing my dick tip on her nipple while jacking my shaft and take photos and a video of the experience! She’s still buzzing her clitty with her vibe. I can tell I’m getting to her. Of course she’s getting to ME! It’s so awesome to rub my long, hard cock on her hard nipple! I’m gonna enjoy watching this video later. But right now I’m living the dream!“So do you still want me to fuck you? And do you want to fuck me back?” I ask.“Yes, Tommy! Please!” she begs.But I lay down next to her. “Do you want to cum before or after I fuck and fill your pussy?”She squirms. “I don’t care!”I slide down into our X position, with me on my right side and my willing vixen wife on her back. My hot rod is soon entering then exiting her wet garage. (Over and over again if ya know what I mean.) But I stop the fucking, return to her side, and suck and tongue flick her tit. It’s too much. After even a brief fuck, my nympho wife is wired!In less than a minute the orgasmic earthquake starts! Her back arches off the hotel room’s large bed. She’s gasping, sighing, and shaking at the same time. Her face glows and seems to “youthen”—the reverse of aging, appearing younger rather than older.“How did I get so blessed?” I ask myself as I watch her cumming. Watching her cum is a beautiful surreal experience!As she cums down from her peak I say, “I want some of that!” She snickers but she knows what I mean. She knows that her lingering orgasmic pussy pulsations feel awesome on my cock. So I slide back down—harder than before—and she squeezes my big rod with her Kegel muscles and fucks me in return, rocking her pussy toward my thrusting erection. Her pulsating pussy feels beyond description good! In fact pussy pounding after an orgasm often triggers another orgasm for her. At the least it’s a mini one. I can feel it!I positively explode inside her pussy. Her cunt becomes a chocolate cream pie with extra protein. I slide my dick out and move to her left side again. I go to scoop pie from her pussy but realize my cock is coated with it. I scoop chocolate cream pie from my dripping cock and rub it on her nearest nipple for a bit more fun.We lay naked together and go back to watching the football game. We verbally express our love for each other, but our lovemaking expressed that love much more intensely!“I love all of you,” I say. “That’s why I’m allowed to be obsessed with your body… boobs… pussy… eyes… porcelain skin…”“So you’ve said,” my satisfied wife replies. But I know that she likes to be reminded that I truly liked and loved all the rest of her before our marriage unleashed unbelievable sex.When Melody finally stands up by the bed, I can’t resist another taste. So I scoop some chocolate cum from her pussy—chocolate cream pie! Then I put my coated finger in my mouth. It tastes wonderful! As I am now writing this account, it has been four hours, and I still can lick my lips and taste our love! I again ask myself, “How did I get so blessed?”We are still in the hotel room. I have surgery early tomorrow (as of writing this), so we drove to this big city. I purposely left out the challenges we had during this sex session, but quite honestly, the sexual joy far outclasses the health issues.Oh yeah, and our NFL team crushed their playoff game! AND… it’s approaching midnight and I still can taste the evidence of our love—chocolate cream pie!