Growing up in a Christian home, I knew about sex. I knew sex was for marriage and created babies and that, one day, I’d be a wife. I’d share my body with my chosen one on our wedding night.My husband and I were virgins when we married. We both grew up in church, he as a pastor’s kid, and our information about sex was very vague and basic. I knew a penis goes into a vagina—easier said than done. My first time his member was met with fear but curiosity. My heart beat fast. I thought,no way will that fit. I’m too small.We fumbled and struggled on how to put him inside me. The vagina and penis don’t magically line up together.We both managed to eventually get him inside me, but what next? What do you do? We both figured it out pretty quickly, but it also ended quickly. I was amazed at my husband’s ejaculation. I couldn’t believe entering me caused him so much excitement, and I didn’t know it would leak out of me after. See, I thought my vagina would soak my husband’s cum up like a sponge; he thought so, as well. But it didn’t, so I leaked everywhere! Nobody told us about the clean-up or how to prevent yeast infections. Peeing after sex? That was foreign to me until I got my first infection. Oral? Orgasm? Sex toys? Positions? Fingering? We didn’t have a clue. We had to figure it out on our own.It was fun learning, but I wish we had been better prepared. I remember being sore down there and couldn’t understand why. Well, those muscles weren’t used before and sometimes sex can cause soreness. No big deal. We had one position we used a lot until we explored and found more positions to try. I didn’t know how each position feels different and might be easier to do for both of us. Oral sex? You mean I can take my husband’s penis into my mouth and he can take me into his? I didn’t know until we tried. Orgasm? You mean there’s more to sex to explore? When I finally had one—Wow! What a gift.If we had recorded our first-day sex vs. now, it’s different. We’re more educated and got better at it, but we were lacking so much information. I wonder if churches and parents can help people and their kids be more informed. Our wedding night was full of surprises we weren’t prepared for.  Our sex life is a learning process, which we expected, but I wish he had more information to be better prepared. Sex isn’t easy at all; it’s a learned skill. Even now, we’re still finding and figuring out things.I think there’s still a sense of shame around sex for Christians. I remember feeling so embarrassed we were having sex in our home and making noise. I thought,omg, everyone can hear us. The first time we had sex with my parents in the room across from us, I felt so weird and uncomfortable. But the worst I felt was going to church after my husband and I were married. Many knew we were virgins, especially close friends, family, and church members. I kept thinking,They know we did it. I’m so embarrassed.Now, I’m more relaxed and understand sex is natural. This is what spouses do, what God created. I’m sometimes even the one who makes the first move, even in public, lol. I’ll gladly fuck my husband at home, screaming from the rooftops. We’ll fuck each other even if family or friends are at home or across the hall from us—we have a lock for a reason! And I don’t mind sharing tips to help others, though I know what worked for us might not work for everyone. A sweet young woman from my church group married her college sweetheart, and beforehand, she asked me for advice. I not only gave her advice without shame but referred her to this site. It has been a huge help and blessing.So don’t be ashamed or embarrassed about sex. It’s God-created and approved.  The world knows my husband and I love each other very much. Parents and churches, please teach more about sex beyond saying it’s for marriage. That’s true, but people need more information to prepare themselves, especially about yeast infections; they’re not fun to have. Peeing after sex is important!Above all, tell them sex is a learning process. You won’t get everything the first time, and that’s okay.