We visited a Caribbean island recently, and it certainly lived up to our expectations, sexual and otherwise. A healthy combination of tranquility, relaxation, seduction, and alcohol presented a perfect atmosphere for my plan and our passion.One particular evening, we wanted to stay out late at the one resort bar that remained open until 2 AM. While dancing, I made sure I repeatedly rubbed my ass against my husband’s dick on the dimly lit dance floor. I was wearing loose-fitting pants with no panties, and I could feel him getting harder as we danced. I rejected his wandering hands for the moment, much to his frustration. I knew it was selfishly only to have him fuck me better once we got to the room.Leaving the bar, I said I was hungry and couldn’t wait to order room service. I could see the confusion on his face. When we got back to the room, I picked up the phone and asked my husband if he wanted anything. He begrudgingly said he did not as I watched him take off his pants, revealing his beautiful bulge. I ordered, and the operator said the food would be up in 25 minutes.I confirmed, “Twenty-five minutes? That’s perfect timing, thanks.”He was in the bathroom brushing his teeth as I hung up. I removed my clothes and ran my fingers over my clit. I was soaking wet and beyond horny. I walked into the bathroom and, without saying a word pulled down his boxers and began sucking his cock. He was fully erect within seconds as I sucked and stroked him. I stopped, stood up, and kissed him passionately. He immediately put his fingers deep in my aching pussy.I told him I needed my pussy eaten, grabbed his dick, and led him to the bed. He pushed me down on it and buried his face between my legs. One hand was playing with my nipples, and the other was fingering my hole. It didn’t take too long before I was cumming. I grabbed his head and held it against my clit as my body tensed. Then I flipped over on all fours and told him to get back to work. He obliged and began to eat my throbbing pussy from the back. Good boy!He said, “Babe, I need to fuck you right now!”He pressed his cock against my pussy to enter me doggy-style, but I wanted to ride him. So he lay down, and I guided his rock-hard dick inside me. Having complete control at this point was necessary for my plan to succeed. I’m sure the people in the next room heard the sound of my ass slamming down against him. My ride was soon interrupted by a knock at the door.A soft Jamaican accent announced, “Room service.”My husband had totally forgotten about the order, but I hadn’t. My plan was coming together nicely. I quickly got up and threw on his travel hoodie but left it unzipped. I answered the door, and the girl handed me the order. I saw her glance in at him as he lay naked and barely covered on the bed and then at my hoodie-only attire.With a smile on her face, she winked and said, “Enjoy!”I put the food down as the door clicked shut, walked to the bed, and assumed the doggy position we both wanted. His still-hard cock slid into my still-wet pussy with ease, and it wasn’t long until I began to cum again. My orgasm triggered his, and after a few strokes, he pulled his pulsing dick out and shot a massive load of warm cum all over my ass.As I walked to the shower, he asked, “Did you plan that?”I turned, smiled, entered the shower, and said, “Maybe.”