How do you feel about spicing up your marriage with steamy phone sex sessions? Comment this story post or share a micro story in the comments.Love it - We do it regularly and it drives us wild!Enjoy it - We've done it a few times and it's a thrilling experience.Curious - Haven't tried it yet, but I'm eager to explore.Hesitant - I'm a bit nervous but open to giving it a shot.Uncomfortable - It's not really my thing, but I'd consider it for my spouse.Awkward - I prefer other forms of intimacy.No way - It's not something I'd ever be interested in trying.View ResultsLoading ...I woke up early Monday morning, knowing I had to head off to work. I was hot and bothered after being alone for just one night while my hubby was away. How was I going to make it through the week? I picked up my phone and called Max since I knew he would be awake too.When he answered, I said, “Good Morning, baby. I miss you.”“I miss you too, baby,” he said.“I’m wet,” I said, hoping to excite him.“I’m hard,” he said, playing along.“Oh really????” I asked with a slight chuckle.“I woke up remembering how you repaid me for making you cum at the club,” he said. We went dancing after dinner last night.“You liked that, didn’t you?” I asked, knowing full well he had.After leaving the club Saturday night, as soon as we arrived back home, we weren’t even two steps into the door before I pressed myself up against Max and kissed him while my hand wandered to his crotch. Not being able to hold back, I kneeled down and unzipped his pants. I slid his pants and underwear down, revealing his already-hardening cock. Max’s hand fisted my hair, tugging back, so I had to look up. His eyes met mine.My fingers slid around the base of his hard cock, and my thumb swiped over the tip, feeling the precum leaking from the slit. Instinctively, my tongue swirled around the ridge of his cock head. I continued looking up at him and watched as he sucked in his breath each time my lips sunk as far as I could. Although I couldn’t take him all in, I kept my hand working in unison with my lips until I felt his orgasm drawing near. I loved how I could tell when he was ready to explode.He did indeed explode, except instead of managing to swallow him all, some of his cum landed on my lips and chin. I tried to wipe it with my hand, but Max stopped me and did it himself. That was so damn sexy!“Can’t wait to do that again, baby,” Max said on the phone.“Oh, me too! How are we going to make it until Friday without each other?” I whined.“Touch your clit,” he said, “Is it wet yet?”I obeyed. “No,” I said sadly.“Stick your finger in your pussy and then make your clit nice and wet,” he said, and I obeyed again.“Oh, yes,” I moaned, feeling the slickness of my pussy as my finger eased inside, “Are you hard?”“Yes,” he breathed, and I pictured his strong hand holding his cock firmly, slowly stroking all the way up and down.“Are you wet at the tip?” I asked, picturing how the drops of precum looked dripping from the head of his cock.“Yes, baby,” he moaned, causing my clit to jump with just his words.“Oh,” I gasped as my excitement was building quickly.“Put two fingers in your pussy,” Max said, “like I do.”I loved it when he did that, so I happily obliged as I said, “I wish it was you, baby.”“Move them in and out,” he said, “Now, stop. Keep them in there.”“Oh!” I moaned, knowing his cock must be ready to burst soon.“Take your other hand and rub your clit,” he said, breathing harder. I propped the phone next to me and reached down to stroke my very swollen clit with one hand as the fingers on my other hand slowly slid in and out of my dripping pussy.“Oh yes,” I moaned, licking my lips, “I’m going to cum. Soon. I’m going to….”“Yes,” Max said in a deeper voice, “Cum with me now, baby! Now!” I could not resist his command. My orgasm crashed as my pussy convulsed around my fingers. I licked my lips as I pictured his cock exploding with cum shooting out and then dripping down all over. Our moans reached a fever pitch as our orgasms peaked and then slowed.Finally, our breathing evened out, and he said, “Well, it’s not as good as being with you, baby, but I’ll take it.”“Thanks,” I said. That should help me get through my day until I get to see you this weekend.”Or maybe we just needed to do this more often…..