E had been traveling for work and met me at a friend’s lake house for the weekend.  Her trip had been a brief one, but even a few nights of separation creates a built-up want.That Friday night we gathered with multiple couples around a fire.  E turned in to our guest bed around 10:30 PM, and I went up to the bed around 11 PM.  Around 1 AM I got up to use the rest room. When I crawled back into bed, E stirred and slid up against me.  Her firm backside lightly pressed against my member, and the thin layer of her t-shirt covering her well-formed cherries made her easily accessible.Being somewhat awake and very excited, I pulled her closer, slid my hands up under her t-shirt, and softly caressed her breast.  I could feel her nipples rise as she awoke to this pleasurable, surprise sensation.  She took it all in as I offered this massage, and my excited member grew against her backside.She sighed and turned her head to offer me a passionate kiss.  In no time, she was reaching down to remove her shorts.  I obliged and did the same.  Although she still seemed half asleep, I felt her hands on my eager wanting cock.  I enjoyed the feel of her hands on me for a while as I continued to kiss her and let her know how much she was missed.She rolled onto her back and parted her legs—a signal for me to move in.  I moved between her legs and hovered over her as I slowly used the head of my love wand to probe her, allowing her wetness to emerge after the deep sleep she had been in.She grabbed my hips to invite me in.  I penetrated the first inch or so, then paused to allow her body to accommodate me.  I delivered slow, shallow, circular movements, and her wetness continued to build along with her breathing.  My hips started to speed up along with her breathing, and my penetration deepened.  My thrusting rhythm and depth both intensified, as did her breathing.  She took me as deep as she could, and with her soft, panting whispers of “Yes, yes, yes,” I knew she was close.Eventually my load reached its point of no return and shot off deep inside of her walls.  We held each other tight in that position.  E thanked me for waking her in such a pleasurable way before we went back to sleep.Even in our mid 50’s, a wake up call for loving is sometimes needed.