(L) – This story contains strong language.This particular Sunday at church I wore a yellow sundress. The skirt fell past my knees, but the dress was form fitting. Under it I wore a black bra, black garter belt, black stockings, and g-string. I always wear garter belts under my skirts. I also wore a pair of very high heels. I didn’t think anything of it. Rick had on a nice suit and tie.As we got out of the car to go into church, my husband whispered in my ear: “Did you know you can see through your dress? I mean, I can see everything.”I did not know. I really wasn’t trying to show off at church. So we sat in the back, hoping nobody could see. Unfortunately, I forgot that after the service we were supposed to all meet for a “cookout,” as we say in the south. I wouldn’t have time to go home and change.After church, as we got in the car, my husband said, “I can’t wait to get you home tonight. I want you to leave that dress on.”We arrived at the cookout, which was, true to the name, held outdoors. As I walked around, my hubby couldn’t stop looking at my body, so I teased him the entire time, knowing full well he could see through my dress.On the way home from the cookout, he pulled into a new development site where new homes were bein built. He went all the way around it and parked on a hill that was secluded from everything.I looked at him and asked, “What are you doing?”“I can’t wait to get home,” he said. “Get out and get in the backseat. I am going to fuck you right now!”We have a big SUV, so I climbed into the back and lay in the backseat. I pulled my dress up around my waist and pulled my g-string to the side as Rick climbed back to join me.He unzipped his pants and took out his big cock. I spread my legs and held them up in the air. Without hesitation, he got on top of me and put his cock in me. Even though we were still basically fully clothed, he started to pound me.I screamed, “Fuck me, daddy! Fuck my pussy!”He started pounding me so hard, the SUV must have been bouncing off the ground!I screamed more as he fucked me relentlessly. “Harder! Fuck me! Use my pussy!” I demanded. “Make me sore! Fuck this pussy!”My legs were straight up, and my heels stuck in the ceiling of the car. The SUV bounced harder as he fucked me mercilessly. His big cock slammed into me as I squirted all over. And he didn’t stop, he just fucked me even harder.I screamed so loud, I was sure someone must have heard. But still, he continued his assault on my pussy, fucking me over and over, his big cock hitting the bottom of my pussy. All I could do was beg for more: “Fuck my pussy! Fuck me harder! Show me who owns my pussy!”He slammed into my pussy balls deep, filling me with every inch of his big cock, which made me feel so full that it felt like it must have been 10 inches long. My eyes rolled back as I squirted again—all over himandthe backseat.After that, we finally switched positions. He stood outside on the ground as I bent over the seat with my skirt up. He grabbed my hair, pulled my hand back and kept it bound in his, then fucked me from behind so hard I literally saw stars.I threw my big ass back against his cock as I screamed, “Fuck my pussy!” He grabbed my hair again, this time with both hands, and pounded me as I leaked and squirted uncontrollably all over him and the ground.“Tell me whose pussy this is,” he growled.“It’s your pussy—you own me!” I moaned. “Use me like a fuck toy. I am your fuck toy! Fuck me! Use this pussy!” I begged him. “Come on, fuck me harder! Show me, daddy. It’s your fuck hole. I am your slut—oh God yes, fuck me!”With one final thrust, he pushed in balls deep and released. I could feel his huge cock pulsating in my pussy as he pumped his cum in me. Spurt after spurt, I could feel it hitting my insides. I love the feeling of getting pumped full of his cum!When he was finally finished, he zipped his pants up. I put my g-string back in place, and pulled my skirt down.As we get back in the car to drive home, I could feel my pussy dripping his cum.I got fucked another two times that night when we get home. My pussy was so sore. He pumped me so full of cum that even after two showers, his cum was still running out of me the next morning. My sore pussy and the mess of cum sure didn’t let me forget what a wild and wonderful time we had!