My Delicious, Amazing WifeThe beginning of my wife’s spring break has been absolutely great!! We started with multiple finger O’s, followed by more tongue O’s on Saturday. I didn’t count the number, but it was several. We then went in for coffee. While she was getting all dolled up, I got the urge to jerk-off. Lo and behold, I came, and it was day five after the last time. As you may have previously read, I have extreme difficulty ejaculating due to the drug for my pee problem. When my wife’s hot body is in front of me, my cock just doesn’t want to cooperate.I can go into our pantry, look at the outside scenery, and get the urge to jerk-off. She encourages me to do so when ever I get the feeling. She has just one requirement; that I save my cum for her. I will cum in a cup, suck it into a 3ml syringe, and store it in the frig until needed. I did that this time, intending to use it later that day. However, we came home late from church and decided to wait until Sunday.Sunday morning was the beginning our most fabulous sex day of our 32+ years of marriage. We started at 0400 when we both had to use the potty. We came back and were snuggling when I started to gently rub her undies. It didn’t take long before she took them off and I explored with my finger. Her moans of pleasure were so intense she clamped my hand to stop moving. I was curious so see how many times I could feel her to cum. So I decided to count the number. After six times of clamping my hand, she was worn out and I had to quit.We snuggled, kissed, and I nibbled upon her gorgeous boobs for several minutes. Then I went down for my delicious dessert. My head is totally hers to control and enjoy. The peak of her seventh O came and she had to push out my head. I kissed, nibbled, and rubbed her thighs until her intense feelings ebbed. Then we did it for her eighth and ninth time. It was absolutely fantastic.We decided to take a break while I went to Urgent Care to be checked for a possible bladder infection. (All tested good – thankfully, there was no infection. The Doc suggested I drink more water.) Before leaving for the UC I told her to be ready to receive my delight from yesterday.I came back to discover an absolutely wonderful surprise. Something that I had not experienced for months, maybe even a year. When I took the syringe from the frig to warm it, my cock started to rise. It reminded me of when she used to say “OK hubby, you have to have to cum in me first.” We both knew that when I slipped into her I was going to soon feel her cum on my tongue. We both loved it.I watched her slip in the syringe and my cock came to life just as it used to do. I was able to slip in stroke her for several minutes before it started to go limp. We then turned her on her side and she took me while I devoured her. We then finished by putting her at the foot of the bed on several pillows. I was kneeling on a decorative, padded, two person bench. Her delicious body had four more intensive Os before having to quit. It was absolutely wonderful.I am so grateful to God for bringing this woman into my life. She has been my friend, my helpmate, my inspiration and the most delightful sex partner I could imagine. I hope reading this will inspire you to be the same delight for your spouse as mine is for me. I fully believe our sexual experience has drawn us closer together for the past 32+ years.This is Mrs Hubby: I want to add a thought, if y’all don’t mind. My hubby is the most absolutely fantastic person I could imagine. I don’t know if he has mentioned that I had been married before. I divorced them when I discovered them seeing other women.One of the common things they had was always telling me I couldn’t do something because I was a woman.Ever since we married, Hubby encouraged me to do those things I wanted to try, and never had the chance. He taught me how to do things I didn’t know, so that we can do them together. We have done many projects. We built many different types of buildings and I was there doing everything right along side of him. These are some of the most enjoyable moments of my life. Most importantly, he has given me sexual pleasures that I didn’t even know were possible. And y’all, you need to know he also joins me in doing things traditionally thought to be women’s chores. He is my fabulous lover and helpmate.