My husband was the predator and I was his prey. From the very first time he stole a kiss, something electric ignited inside of me. It was something carnal and something that spoke to the most basic instinct of my female being, and I liked it.We set boundaries during our dating and engagement time, but that didn’t stop us from playing. My heart would flutter and my pussy would drip every time he captured me. He would spend several minutes describing all the naughty things he would do to me after we were married. By the time he would drop me off at home, I’d be in a heated frenzy. So heated, I feared my parents would smell my arousal as I kissed them goodnight and rushed to my room.Once there, my pants would hit my knees followed by my soaked panties, and fingers would bury themselves in my sticky cunt. It didn’t usually take long before I screamed his name into a pillow. I can’t tell you how many times that scene played out until I was finally his.Our honeymoon and early years are something I’ll never forget, but the game only intensified over time. The boundaries had dwindled to three, and if I was caught, I was his to devour. Our games had slowed some during the kids’ time at home, but now they were off at college and here I was hiding again.I crept through the field of blueberries, hunched low to keep my head out of sight. On hyper-alert, I whirled and crouched at every sound. It was exhilarating. Creeping ever closer to my goal, I wondered if I would elude my hunter this time.Cautiously, I stepped towards my final barrier and tried to control my ragged breath as I crept over the fence. My eyes were wide as I scanned the grounds for any sign of him. Nothing. He was so good at this. The moon gave just enough light for me to see my next move, and I knew he was out there.Wet pussy or not, I genuinely tried not to get caught. It was bragging rights and only added heat to the next time.But he was good. Really good. So lithe and stealthy, I almost never saw him coming. He reveled in hunting as much as I did in being hunted. Sometimes he would capture me quickly and sometimes he would almost let me make it home. Tonight, I was close.My heart beat in my ears and sweat pooled between my breasts as I peered cautiously around the tree and saw my goal. I was two dozen yards from safety; two dozen yards from forcing my predator to go hungry for the night.I squatted down to settle my nerves and gather my courage.Just a quick sprint,I told myself.I can make it.I took one more deep breath and made one last scan. Seeing nothing, I leapt forward with a grunt.I’m going to make it!I thought!I’m going to make it!The thoughts urged me on, but it wasn’t to be.Just ten short yards from my goal, a strong, chiseled arm wrapped around my waist and lifted my feet from the ground.Before I could fully process what was happening, I was on my back with my arms pinned over my head.Breathless and too startled to speak, I stared up at him. His piercing eyes and bright smile were that of a victor. My hopes were dashed and I turned my head to look at my goal. In a mock fight, I wrestled free and tried to crawl quickly to safety. His laughter flooded the night and once again I was in the air being carried away.He placed me on my hands and knees, pulled rope from somewhere and tied my wrists to a tree. It was done. I dropped my head and resigned myself to my fate. Once more I had lost and he was about to claim his prize.I heard the snap and my pussy clenched when he withdrew his blade. Piece by piece he cut and tore the clothes from my body, piling them each in turn so that I could see his spoils.I felt him kneel behind me, then his rough hands squeezed my cheeks before he landed a dozen smacks across each one. My treacherous pussy betrayed my arousal and I heard him inhale deeply and growl.He ran both hands up my back and grabbed my shoulders and pressed his hardness against me. I whimpered and whined with mock pleadings, but he ignored me. He was enjoying this. I felt his nails drag down my naked skin and I knew what was coming.I felt him shift again and his hands spread my cheeks. His warm breath tickled my lips, and my eyes rolled back when I felt his tongue.My predator was about to feed.