This short interlude took place several years ago. I thought I’d share it with y’all.This morning, Dr. Daddy and I were cuddling in bed before he had to get ready for work. Neither of us is morning people, but he must have slept well. He woke before the alarm in a good mood and started to tease me about my nightgown. It’s comfortable, especially in the dog days of summer. But it IS ugly. It’s too big and is also sleeveless, so my large boobs are in constant danger of spilling out. While he made fun of my ugly gown, he skimmed his fingers across my chest and fondled my breasts. That made me purr.“I love it when you pet me like that—long, light strokes,” I whispered.Dr. Daddy continued stroking me from my neck to, around, and under my breasts, occasionally pinching my nipples. I reminded him that this was not the best time for me. I told him I would love to give him a blow job. His heavy dick in my mouth, his manly scent, the taste of his cum—Mmm, I adore everything about sucking off my husband! But he doesn’t often seem to want a blow job, which makes me hesitant to offer them. Today, he didn’t answer either way, so I assumed we were just cuddling and teasing a bit before work. I ran my hands over his chest and stomach, tickling his nipples and giving them a good pinch. Then I stroked down to his boxers and was surprised to feel how hard he was! This was no simple morning wood! Hmm… maybe he WAS on board with my oral offer!I eased his boxers down and licked my lips as his magnificent cock sprang free. I was prepared for Dr. Daddy to stop me at any moment, but he only watched me silently, intently. The look he gave me made me feel like I was the one who was about to be devoured! I leaned over to run the flat of my tongue up his shaft. He groaned softly and swept my hair up off my face. Encouraged, I licked around the head, dipping into the slit every so often. I swirled my tongue around the tip and slowly, steadily bounced my mouth on his rigid cock. His manly scent and taste were intoxicating.Firmly, I drew my palms up the inside of his thighs until my fingers stroked his heavy balls. I cupped them in one warm hand. Then I moved my other hand to the base of his cock, circling my fingers into a makeshift cock ring. With my hand in an OK sign, I took his cock in my plump lips. He slid into the warm wetness of my mouth over and over. His delicious dick swelled and was rock hard. I grabbed the lower part of his shaft in a fist and stroked him firmly up and down, adding a slight twist as I bobbed my head down to meet my hand. I heard his breath hitch, and his hips began to move as he fucked my mouth.He dug his fingers into my hair as he drove his cock down my throat. With his fingers tangled in my hair, he gripped the base of my head and started pounding deeper, deftly controlling the rhythm and depth. I held him steady in the OK sign and massaged his cock with the flat of my tongue. Wiggling my tongue was the only movement I could make while he held my head captive. His heavy breathing and whimpers increased with the bucking of his hips. Then his delicious cum filled my mouth like hot, melted butter. I swallowed and licked and suckled him until there was none left.He groaned as he dropped back onto the pillows, limp and satisfied. He pulled me to his side where we cuddled and kissed leisurely—that is, until work, life, and the clock couldn’t be ignored.