This should be my 98th entry on MH. My 100th entry is going to be the story of my Melody gifting me her virginity on our honeymoon. But THIS post is about a male stroker called theHello Cake Vibrating Penis Massager. We call it “Julia.”Unlike other strokers, this is not a tube. It is short and open on one side but it is plenty wide.  And you can squeeze it closed to fit your erection size. I have two other strokers that are tube-shaped but I rarely use them. This is the first stroker that I have ever used that has a vibrator. If you hold the stroker with the vibrator on the underside of your erection, it is incredibly pleasant.  At least it is for me.The funny thing is, I don’t like vibrators touching my penis. But this feels much like when my wife buzzes her clit as I’m pumping inside her pussy. I love feeling the vibrations through the walls of my wife’s vagina when I’m inside her.My orgasms with this stroker are just amazing… not as amazing as cumming in my wife’s mouth or in her pussy or on her boobs, but still really strong!Here is how I got this male sex toy:  My wife was having major back surgery, and since she knew that sex would be impossible for a while, she gave me this on Valentine’s Day. We first used it that day, which was just after she was released from the hospital. My wife used her hand to titillate my nipples and put on a show with her beautiful boobs, and I was also able to love on “the girls” with my mouth and tongue.Another time, shortly after her surgery, Melody sat in the recliner in our living room and put on another show, stroking and massaging her boobs and nipples. Plus, we both were talking sexy as I sat opposite her and used Julia to bring myself to a great climax! (I don’t use the term “talking dirty” when it’s between husband and wife because married sex is pure and NOT dirty!)We said things like:Tom: I want to suck those titties!Melody: I want to feel Fred deep up inside my pussy!Tom: I wanna fuck that pussy and fill it with cum!Melody: Yes! I want my present delivered up inside my pussy!  (On our honeymoon she named my semen her “present.”)Tom: Flicking your pussy is the funnest thing to do! I wanna cum in you and scoop some of our protein shake out of your pussy. Then I’ll rub it on your tits and lick it off as you buzz your pussy till you cum too!     (We use Aloe Cadabra flavored lube along with some coconut oil as a combination lube in-pussy and on-nipples… and I love eating our cream pie or our “protein shake” off of Melody’s boobs and from her pussy.  Often I scoop it from her pussy and put it on her nipples and lick and suck it off as my wife buzzes her clitoris to an orgasm!)Melody: Or we can come together while Fred is in my pussy!  Or you can cum on my tits and I’ll rub all over my boobs before you lick it off!Etc. etc. etc.We have continued to do this type of thing daily with lots of kind-of roleplay as we talk about me doing Julia as my wife is sucking and titillating my nipples. It took a while for Melody to heal enough from her back surgery to be able to lay on her side and position herself to do “lips on nips.” Often I get to love on Melody’s beautiful boobs before we get Julia out, or even do our “tip on nip” move.  Then I will turn Julia on as my wife goes to work on my nipples.But the coolest thing is the love I feel for my wife because she thought of my sexual needs before she even had her surgery. So, I’ll continue using “Julia” while my wife licks and sucks my nipples until my wife can have sexual intercourse again and on our off days.  Of course, by the time you read this, the interim period will be over, and we’ll be back to our regular schedule of a full lovemaking session every three days with my Melody helping me to orgasm nearly every day in between.  But now, I’ll be using Julia on my rod while she stims my nips more often than not.Needless to say, we highly recommend theHello Cake Vibrating Penis Massager!  (By the way, it was my wife who named this penis massager “Julia.”)