My husband has always enjoyed old trucks and tractors. During our marriage he has sought out what most people discard, only to purchase, repair and enjoy. His latest was an old diesel 4×4 truck. It was silver, but mostly coated in rust. It did run and it needed a bunch of TLC.After a year of tinkering and painting and repairing, he had the old worn-out truck looking, running and sounding like it just came off the assembly line. My husband fixed everything from the motor to the paint, and he even installed a new interior, just so I would ride with him.“This is going to be our new date vehicle,” he told me.“Why?” I asked, laughing.“Remember when we were dating? I had a truck like this with a bench seat. I was looking for an old truck like this because I have fond memories of you sitting next to me while I was driving.”Hearing him tell me this and his stories melted my heart.The date night finally came. The sitter came to the house and we had the kids all set up. The truck was freshly washed and we were ready for the ride. I was wearing a new blouse and skirt, so I would be comfortable for the ride in the bench set. I knew the anticipation my husband had for going on a date in this truck, and I wanted to show my appreciation.He opened the driver door and I hopped in and slid to the center seat, just like when we dated. He jumped in behind me and we took off to the restaurant. We went north, to another town, which is not our usual date night location.I asked about the change and he said, “New truck, new date spot.” I guess I can’t argue with his logic.After a lovely dinner sitting outside in the summertime evening, we got back in the truck.“How about a quick drive in the mountains while the sun is setting, and then back to the house?” my husband suggested. “We can basically take the long way home.”“As long as I can sit next to you, I don’t care,” I responded.We took off, winding through the mountains. With every curve, I moved in closer into his body. Then I pushed off of him, unbuckled, and moved into the passenger set.“What are you doing?” My husband exclaimed.I didn’t say a word, I just moved my skirt up to reveal I had no panties on!“Whoa!” My husband exclaimed again.I started rubbing my clit while I reached into my bag and pulled out a vibrating dildo with some lube and a hand towel.“I have been thinking about this date for a while,” I said. “I have also been thinking how sweet you are, wanting a vehicle for just the two of us, and your memories of when we were younger. I just thought maybe you would like a memory of me playing with myself, for your new truck.”“I know of a scenic view overpass stop up the road, how about we stop there?” My husband suggested.By the time he parked the truck I could see his bulging pants. His cock was rock hard and being held down by his pants. I was dripping wet, rubbing my clit and using the vibrator’s head to tease myself.I crawled over, kissed him and whispered into his ear, “Let out that cock. Then stroke your self as I play with myself.”His cock was in his hand being stroked, and the dildo was deep in my pussy. I took my breast out of my top and had one hand playing with my hard nipples while the other was working the dildo. My moans were growing louder and louder as I put on a masturbation show for my husband. I knew he was enjoying it, as I could see the precum on his cock.I was on the verge, and then in a wave of sexual gratification, I started to cum—and I came hard.My head went backwards and I arched my back. As I moaned louder now, my feet and legs moved around the seat almost uncontrollably. I pulled the dildo out, and it was covered in my cum. I looked at my husband, who was wearing a look of thrill on his face. With out saying a word, I crawled over to him and began sucking his cock.I stroked his cock with my mouth, up and down, making as much saliva as I could. I broke to take a drink of my to-go water and place an ice cube in my mouth. I went back to his cock with ice in my mouth. His body tensed up and he pushed back in his seat, he groaned and pushed my head down on his cock.I started sucking his cock more feverishly, wanting him to explode down my throat. His hands found my hard tits and began to play with them. I could taste another splash of precum, and I knew I was getting close to the sweet release of my man.He grunted and groaned, he squeezed my tits harder, I knew he was about to cum. I pushed my mouth hard on his cock, driving it deep into my mouth, and then I felt the warm rush of his cum. It blasted into my mouth as I sucked his cock. I played with his balls as he came, driving him into another level of bliss. Finally, when he was empty, I pulled off his cock.I pulled away and went back to my bag. I pulled out a travel size mouth wash as well as wet wipes and another towel. “I just figured if this was going to be our date truck, we should have these essentials in here.” I said giggling.We cleaned up and stashed the rest of the cleaning items in the glove box for our next date night.