My wife and I have read MH stories together to explore the dimensions of Christian sexuality, and I must say that we have expanded our horizons and enriched our sexual life together as a result. We have encountered activities, positions, and practices we had no clue existed before we discovered MH.Among the more surprising (and stimulating) stories we have read together are some that have involved knowledge of the sexual activity of other couples—without being involved in that activity, of course. Examples that come to mind are hearing another couple having hot sex in the hotel room next door or coming across a married couple performing mutual masturbation while on a walk in the woods.We actually experienced a similar experience in our own sex life but with an erotic twist.On a trip to a tropical island, we came back to our hotel room after dinner with a hunger for each other. After a passionate-kissing makeout session, we undressed each other, taking time to stroke, suck, and massage each other to near orgasm.We were about tofuckwhen my wife suggested we slow things down and take advantage of the cool evening and add some excitement to our sex by taking our passion to our discrete balcony. We were on one of the top floors of the hotel, and our balcony was not easily seen from any other room in the darkness of night. However, we were sure we could be heard if we didn’t keep our sex noises down (which we almost never did.) The idea heightened our horniness.After turning the light off in our room, we both crept outside to the balcony with just our underwear on. A recliner on the balcony allowed an even lower profile for privacy purposes, but we could still see the palm trees and the moon and feel the breeze on our increasingly naked bodies. It didn’t take long for me to pull my wife’s panties off while she removed her bra.As I watched her cup her breasts in her hands, I stripped out of my boxers and released the bulging erection that had threatened to pop out at any time. My wife reached for my dick and spread the precum around its head.Soon I was on my knees at the foot of the recliner. I gently opened my wife’s knees to expose her dripping pussy. I love giving my wife head, and in this exposed setting, she received my tongue with moans of pleasure.  But soon she was begging me to enter her.“If you don’t stick that dick in my hole, I’m going to cum,” she said. “But I want to feel you inside of me, and I want to squeeze your cum out with my pussy muscles.”I certainly didn’t need any more encouragement, and I felt near ejaculation too. As I entered my wife’s wet hole and we started pumping together, we heard excited movements and animal noises coming from the trees around our balcony.As it turned out, our sexwasbeing overheard and enjoyed… by a whole bunch of monkeys!I guess it didn’t take much translation for the small group of monkeys to understand that the humans were humping their brains out right next door. And apparently, they like what they heard! We can’t be sure, but we think there were several monkey couples who were mating as a result of our sex.While we were smiling at each other with the realization that our actions had been overheard, it oddly seemed to make our passion even stronger—so strong there was no stopping; we both came soon and together. This was one very sexual evening we will never forget.