(A) – This story contains anal play.(L) – This story contains strong language.The evening before my birthday I went on a big shopping spree. Well, big by my standards. I ended up getting two bras, five thongs, and three bath bombs. All of them were of great quality. I hardly splurge on such items normally, but I had some birthday money and wanted to use it for me.I did spend three hours scouring the mall for the best items at the best prices I could find. A bunch of sales were going on that I took full advantage of, and I wanted to try on all of them and find the perfect ones.The thongs were a choice I made for my husband. I usually go for something with a bit more fabric, but he absolutely drools over me when I wear them, and I’m trying to be more confident in my natural body.“How many more panties do you need?” my husband asked me when I got home. He was well aware that I already had far too many. I do admit, they were less necessary than the bras. The bras I had were very cheap and very worn, so I did actually need new ones.“Let’s just say I want enough pairs of panties to make a grown man blush if he opens my underwear drawer,” I joked.“Who is going to be looking in there?” He fired back.“Well, you of course, silly!” I laughed.A look of realization came across his face and I could see his cheeks getting ever so slightly more red.“You’re embarrassed, aren’t you?” I teased.“NO. I just wanted to make sure no one else was going to be looking in there!”I knew that was a lie but I laughed and said, “Of course not! My panty collection is all for you! Well and for me,” I admitted.I do enjoy looking at the neatly folded rows of lace underwear and stockings in there myself. I like getting dressed up for him. It just so happens that panties and thigh highs come a lot cheaper than bras do.“What can you do if the sale only applies when you buy 5?” I reasoned. “I had to!”“Well I’m not going to complain!” he said.Later that night, I took a much-needed, relaxing bath before showing off to him everything I picked out. One by one, I showed him the things I had chosen with my new matching bras, and I eventually got to the one I was most excited about.”Does this remind you of anything?” I asked as I modeled it for him.“How could I forget? It’s just like my favorite pair of underwear on you!”The pair in question was years and years old and now could no longer be worn. It had been stretched out beyond repair, and holes littered the lace of the fabric. I had hunted through many pairs of underwear to find one like it.Countless fun nights with my husband were spent wearing this one pair of lace panties. They were black, made almost entirely of lace, and had bright floral designs all over it. It was the first thong I had ever worn in front of him. It was almost guaranteed that every time I wore those, we would have sex.I smiled and said, “Yeah! Do you see how the lace goes all the way around the waistband? And the shape is exactly the same! The flowers are obviously different on this one, but it’s the most similar pair I could find, and they only had one left!”He motioned for me to come over, and with little warning, started fingering me, slowly putting fingers inside of me. I moaned as he did so, bracing myself on his computer desk where he was sitting.“You can’t just prance around looking like that, you know,” he said. “I mean, look at what you’ve done!” He placed my hand on his shorts and I felt his hard penis through them.I was taken slightly aback by this discovery. It usually takes a little bit of foreplay from me or even him stroking a little before he is ready to go. I don’t mind that it does. I factor it in as a given when we have sex together. It’s just one of those facts of life. It’s just how he is. I mean it’s how I am too. I don’t fault him for it at all, but I was very excited that me just existing in new lingerie had excited him so much already.“Come into the room with me,” he said while nearly pushing me towards our bedroom.I felt as though I had unlocked something very primal in him this time. I was comfortable with this. I already knew that if I asked, he would stop being sexual in an instant, but I was loving this unexpected assertiveness from him. It was very hot seeing him suddenly decide to have sex with me.When we got to the room, he motioned for me to get on the bed. I naturally assumed doggy position and looked back at him. He had already taken off his pants and moved my thong to the side.He entered me, sliding in with one movement, but it was different than usual. He didn’t hold back or start slow. He started fucking me hard from the start. I gasped and moaned, pushing my hips back into him.What a great birthday present for me!I thought. He kept going, and hooked his thumb into my ass as well. Shocked, I gasped again while moaning louder as I felt his grip on me increase in the most intimate way. Something in him was unleashed tonight and I let him have his way with me.He had never been so animalistic in bed before! Moaning in a low tone, he continued fucking me hard and hitting my sweet spot aggressively as my moans increased.“Aahhh! Mmmm… ohhhh! BRYCE YESS!”He pulled out and came all over my ass, then fell down beside me.“I’m sorry, I had to do that,” he explained while breathing heavily. “I’m going to pay you back for this later, don’t worry. You’ll cum too!”“It’s okay, I really enjoyed that,” I said, panting out my words. “But I hope we have more like that later!”