It was the first weekend they had to themselves in over a month, yet Pietro found himself showering in preparation for a party his wife, Cassidy, convinced him to attend. He wasn’t aware of the host’s identity, nor did he care. The very thought sounded callous, but there was no avoiding reality. He wanted one thing—well, several, really. The first on his list was a weekend at home with no one but his wife. With his family visiting from Italy and staying two weeks, then church stuff another weekend, and hanging out with other couples the weekend prior, and running errands where he could, the last thing on Pietro’s mind was hopping in the car and wasting the entire evening at a stranger’s house, trying to keep a smile on his face. He couldn’t remember Cassidy saying she knew much about the party’s purpose, let alone who the heck was throwing it.He let the warm water rinse the lingering soap from his olive skin before exiting the shower. He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror, fighting the inner body dysmorphia his wife continuously swore was inaccurate. He lived in the gym, which was obvious, but he wanted to gain more muscle. Yet, standing at 5’10” and carrying a rock-solid frame of 207 pounds, he ceaselessly thanked the Holy Spirit for helping him land the most beautiful woman on the planet. From the bedroom came pop music and a soundtrack to Cassidy getting ready for the party. At least, from what he could tell, she was in good spirits.Maybe she has enough lightheartedness to lend me some, he thought before grabbing a towel near the door and wrapping it around his waist.Pietro’s hair was still wet as he entered the bedroom. A grin crept across his face as the scenery matched the music. Cassidy—a lovely mocha-toned black woman with shoulder-length brown hair, perfect B-cup tits with upwardly-pointing nipples, and a thick ass hand-crafted by God and enhanced by lunges, squats, and Bulgarian split squats—danced to the rhythm ofForeign Thingsby Amber Mark pulsing through the powerful speakers in the bedroom ceiling. She was topless and in her own world as she swayed her hips back and forth. Containing the ample cheeks Pietro couldn’t get enough of was a pair of tight pink panties that allowed Cassidy’s fat pussy to prominently print. Pietro, taken by the site, leaned against the bathroom doorpost with his wet legs crossed at the ankle.My God! Look at her,he thought.She was turned away from him with her arms in the air. The angle and the view of Cassidy’s work-of-art body kept Pietro from seeing what was in her hands until she tossed the items onto his side of the bed. Tearing his gaze from her ass, he noticed one item was heavier than the other two and caused the down comforter to sink and obscure his view of both. Whatever they were, he needed a few more seconds of silence as he lusted after his wife. His mind was empty, lost in the show, but his cock was standing at full attention, having caused the towel around his waist to tent outward.Cassidy’s dance turned her toward him. She opened her eyes to see her husband devouring her with his gaze and smiling wickedly. He bit his lower lip as she bumbled to him in sync with the beat. Her eyes widened upon noticing Pietro “pointing” at her.Once within arm’s reach, Pietro pulled her to him and matched her movements with his. He cupped her ass with one hand as the other made its home in the small of her back. Cassidy wrapped her arms around his neck, and they kissed—hard.After exploring each other’s mouths with their tongues, Pietro kept his lips within striking distance of Cassidy’s slender neck, kissing it between words and sentences.“My love, I don’t want to go,” he said with his thick accent, planting more kisses on her neck before switching to the other side. “My God, you smell amazing.” More kisses gave way to playful licks between his heavy breaths.Within seconds of being in his arms, Cassidy’s pussy was sopping wet. It took everything for her to keep from yanking Pietro’s towel from around his waist and begging him to have his way with her. Even through his towel, she could feel his manhood pulsing against her thigh. She did her best to stay strong in her man’s arms, especially while smelling the strong aroma of his soap. They weren’t going to that party if she didn’t back away soon. Though she didn’t want to, she succeeded in pulling out of his grasp.Pietro feigned a look of sadness, releasing her while still eating her alive with his eyes. “What is it for, and who’s throwing it?”Cassidy pulled Pietro by the hand, leading him to his side of the bed. “Something for new members, and Erin, Pastor Mark’s wife, has been dying for us to come by. She’s looking to make friends. Mark is an anime geek, just like you, and it’d be great to have some young-couple friends like us, right?”“I can’t say no to you,” he said, shaking his head with a bright smile, knowing he lost the battle.“And…” Cassidy said, pointing at some accessories. “I have a couple of things I want you to wear. You know, just for me. And, of course, commando.”Pietro looked down at the bed, seeing Cassidy’s phone, a silicone cock ring, and a stainless steel ball weight. His eyebrows raised as a playful smirk danced across his face. He pulled her back to him, both hands grabbing a cheek.“I’ll go on two conditions,” he said, kissing each of her tits before returning his glare to her eyes.Succumbing to the growing thought of staying in and saying to hell with the party, Cassidy looked quizzically at her husband.“Number one: you wear that yellow sundress. I love seeing you in it.”Cassidy mimicked deep thought before saying, “Done. Number two?”Pietro licked his lips as he studied Cassidy’s body. Slowly he uttered, “Youput those two gifts on me, and then look me in my eyes and tell me you wouldn’t rather we stay here and fuck each other senseless.”Too late,Cassidy thought. She’d already lost the battle. She just hadn’t waved the white flag. Yet, she had to test her resolve.Cassidy swallowed hard and grabbed a small wrench from atop the nearby drawer chest. She made her way back, purposefully avoiding eye contact with her husband, knowing full well her campaign of fake self-control was over the moment she did. She retrieved the items from the bed and made a dreadfully pleasant mistake before realizing it.She knelt.Well, if that’s not the nail in the party’s coffin…she thought.Cassidy was on her knees in front of her husband. She lightly tugged at the towel, causing it to land at his feet. She was eye-to-“eye,” so to speak, with Pietro’s visibly throbbing unit. She opened the weight with the small wrench before lightly grasping his balls and encircling his sac with it.Ever hoping to catch her eyes, Pietro stared down at his love as she positioned the weight. He flinched in response to its temperature.“It’s cold, baby,” he said. To his dismay, Cassidy stayed her course, focusing on the massive task at hand.After several seconds, she got the weight around his sac and sitting comfortably on his balls. Now, onto the next problem that was bound to end this stalemate—his cock. She took the thick silicone ring in one hand and grabbed the base of his cock with the other. She could feel his thundering pulse thumping into his shaft. From above her, Cassidy heard what sounded like Pietro whispering a prayer.“Suck it,” he begged, breathing heavily. “Please, my love. Suck me.”I can’t let her win,Pietro thought.She can’t possibly win.Cassidy pulled the ring apart, stretching it as she placed it at the base of his dick. Upon placement, his veiny shaft became even angrier. It was nearing her face as she heard Pietro continuing his quiet pleading. Now, the flesh baton in her hand was leaking precum. She released his cock as she stood, trying to steel herself against the last hurdle—his eyes.Pietro studied his wife as she rose. She was a couple of inches shorter. Although she was on her feet and at full height, she kept her head down. He knew why.Yeah, baby. I got you now,he chuckled to himself.He was patient as she slowly raised her head, sighing and trying to prepare herself to win this silent competition. Her face was fully visible, but her eyes were closed. Pietro laughed a bit.“No cheating,” he said. After a few seconds, “Look at me, sweetheart.” More sternly, “Look. At. Me.”Finally, Cassidy opened her light brown eyes and met the softest-yet-assuring gaze in Pietro’s green irises.“There she is.” They looked into each other’s souls. “Well,” he asked, “would you rather—”Cassidy’s tongue was already in Pietro’s mouth. They continued their kiss, laughing until Pietro ordered her out of those pink panties that now had the biggest moisture stain he’d ever seen. Cassidy took longer than Pietro wanted to exit her underwear, so he lent her a helping hand. He slowed his work after his hands met her waist, taking his time to relish her body as he slowly pulled her lacy panties down her legs. He knelt, staying comfortable as he enjoyed the underwear’s descent. With his face just inches from her body, he caught her aroma. The sweet fragrance of her pussy wafted into his nose. He inhaled deeply as he allowed gravity to take her underwear the rest of the way.Cassidy kicked her panties a few feet away as Pietro kept his face a small distance from her waxed pussy. Her labia glistened with excitement. He grabbed her ass, pulled her to him, and kissed her flower—it was a knee-jerk reaction, and neither of them tried to stop it. But he needed another angle that would allow him to completely envelop her folds with his salivating mouth. Instantly and effortlessly, he hoisted Cassidy from the floor and gently tossed her on the bed. She giggled, but Pietro was focused on his meal.Cassidy’s head landed next to her phone. She tried moving it out of the way, but before she knew it, her mind snapped back to what was happening. She couldn’t remember seeing Pietro drop to his knees at the foot of the bed, let alone open her legs. She grabbed a fistful of her husband’s wet hair immediately after she felt his fat, wide tongue penetrate her pussy. It writhed just inside her opening before withdrawing and scooping her clit, finishing with a suction that sent electricity throughout her body. She felt her pussy lips pop out of Pietro’s sucking jaws.“God, help me!” She exclaimed.“Why do you think He sent you me?” He said confidently.Pietro inserted his tongue once again and allowed one of his hands to join the fun. He gently rubbed Cassidy’s massive and protruding clit as he let his tongue play just beneath it and inside her wet love. He felt Cassidy’s hand tug on his hair, while each of their remaining free hands united. Pietro had learned to perfect his breathing for those moments Cassidy would close her legs around his ears, allowing him to wear her like earmuffs without losing his rhythm in bringing her joy and orally claiming her pussy as his prize.Years ago, right before their first time together, he warned her: “I like giving. Do you know what that means? … It means I take pleasure knowing that you are receiving pleasure. You should know that I also eat pussy because it’s fun, not just to please you.”Cassidy’s phone buzzed next to her ear, a jarring snap out of her ecstasy. Wanting to stay in the moment, she swiped the screen and moved the phone to her nightstand all in one movement, allowing Pietro’s words to focus her attention on what he was doing to her.The memory of Pietro’s words rang aloud in Cassidy’s mind because it felt as if this man was successfully—and with ease, mind you—reminding her of what brought him joy. Pietro’s face was full of Cassidy’s pussy, his tongue buried inside her, and he showed no signs of stopping anytime soon as he explored her pussy with his mouth. Cassidy began quivering with increasingly short breaths as if he needed more encouragement. She felt a massive wave of soul-shattering “heat” exponentially growing from her clit. Cassidy knew what was coming, and she couldn’t hold it off. The wave engulfed her entire body as Pietro continued commanding her sex with his tongue. Every part of her was on fire as she felt the wave radiating back to her pussy, coalescing into a core.Cassidy couldn’t hold it off any longer. Her pussy was taking the tongue-lashing she had ached for for so long. She was at her apex, and there was nothing left but to give into Pietro’s masterclass on pleasing her and fall into bliss. Cassidy felt like she had to pee, but she knew better. This was something only her husband could coax out of her. That core of pleasure collapsed in on itself, and, just for a moment, Cassidy felt weightless. She released a loud but short breath and gave in to Pietro’s work.The warmth overtook every aspect of Cassidy’s being, leaving her altogether out of control. All that held her was God’s hand and her biology as everything about her teetered on Pietro’s tongue. She plummeted into orgasm, every part of her body consumed with the release, totally unaware she was bathing Pietro’s face with warm liquid. Cassidy was so lost in her frenzy that she didn’t hear Pietro’s joyously mischievous chuckle, evidence of having achieved part of his mission. She shook, wrecked by what her husband had caused, only to finish her convulsions and open her eyes to see her husband’s drenched face and his eyes searching for her gaze as he smiled wide.Cassidy had barely collected herself when Pietro stated, “I hope you saved room for cock. I brought you some dick, too, my love.” Pietro seized the initiative and took his place between Cassidy’s caramel thighs. He allowed the head of his thick length to peek just inside Cassidy’s warmth, and sat there for a few seconds as his weighted balls rested on the bed beneath him. Her walls were already contracting. Just the first inch inside her was overwhelming, and Pietro did everything he could to keep himself together. After all, pleasing her pleased him. And yet it took all his strength to keep from firing his load when he was sending Cassidy over the edge just a minute ago.“And someone wanted to go to a party,” Pietro said as he moved Cassidy’s legs from around him to in front of him, allowing them to rest on his chest with her feet on either side of his face. Still just inside her, he took a pillow and placed it under her ass, giving himself perfect alignment to nail her spot. He kissed one of her ankles and pushed himself inside. Cassidy’s walls offered resistance to his substantial girth, but Pietro reveled in opening and stretching her with each of his slow, shallow thrusts.Pietro watched his wife’s face as he moved his cock back and forth, just touching the roof of Cassidy’s pussy with his helmet. She wasn’t going to last long, and that was his plan. She had to cum before he did. It was his private rule, something he never told her. He quickened his pace and deepened his thrusts, assaulting her spot. Pietro felt her walls tightening and spasming around him. He looked down to see his cock being bathed with ever-increasing amounts of cream. She was on the edge of another orgasm that was mere seconds away. Pietro wanted to plunge himself all the way in, but he kept to his current stroke. He was relentless in rubbing and beating her spot.“You’re almost there, baby,” he said. “Cum for me. Soak me with that cream. I need it. Let me have it. Don’t deny me.”A devious smile crept across Pietro’s face as he felt Cassidy’s pussy convulse around his cock and swathe it with a sudden flood of warmth. She could barely moan or exclaim anything as she was totally wrapped up in her pleasure. Pietro threw his head back and closed his eyes as he continued stroking her. It was all he could do to enjoy the sensation of his cock being gripped by her pussy that was dousing his shaft with her silky fluids. He knew he would meet his Savior in Heaven, but part of him wondered if God placed a little of Heaven on earth and nestled it in Cassidy’s body. Because, surely, such joy could only be experienced in eternity.A giggle brought Pietro back to earth. He opened his eyes and looked down at his wife. Her eyes were closed, but humor played at her smile as Pietro continued his work.“What’s so funny to my love?” he asked.Cassidy managed between gasps, “I didn’t know that I would feel that weight.”Pietro, confused, looked down and was reminded of what encircled his ball sac. He saw it colliding with Cassidy’s asshole.“Please,” she said, “give me all of you.”As you wish,Pietro thought. He opened Cassidy’s legs, laid himself in missionary, and wrapped her legs around his waist. He kissed her deeply as he slowly pushed in and pulled out of his wife.He pulled his lips from hers, his mouth just millimeters from hers, and said, “You’re my everything,” and pushed himself balls-deep into her.With his weight on hands on either side of her, Pietro began driving himself into Cassidy. His body wanted to pound her, but he knew doing so would cause this session to end sooner than he wanted. He felt his balls pressing against her with each of his shoves into her. He fixed his eyes on his wife, who grabbed and caressed his face with both hands before pulling him down to her, wrapping an arm around him, and holding the other hand around the back of his head. Pietro allowed his head to fall to the side of Cassidy’s, his ear next to her mouth as his hips did all of the work.Cassidy’s pussy was urging Pietro to cum, and he knew he didn’t have much longer before he saturated her with his seed. His hips went from stirring her pussy to pounding it.“Yes, husband. Beat it up. Please,” she said, “hammer away, baby. Just like that. Oh, God! Yes! Just like that!”Pietro proficiently pummeled Cassidy’s pussy, but he couldn’t ascribe it to skill or knowing her body. It was pure manhood at work, causing him to batter her loins so carelessly. His weighted balls bounced and flew with each of his strokes, the sensation encouraging him all the more. He never felt so free while being weighed down. He felt Cassidy’s legs tighten around him, acting as a mental whip to spur him on. He wrapped his arms around and underneath her, scooping his hands beneath her ass to grab her cheeks as he repeatedly propelled himself into her.“I need it, baby,” she said. “I need your cum. Don’t you dare pull out.”Pietro grunted at her plea and demand, launching himself down and into her all the more. And there it was—that surge in the base of himself, right behind his balls. It was seared with pleasure. His ball sac couldn’t contract as much because the weight prevented them from drawing up. The forced distance served to intensify and prolong the impending release. So, his balls continued flying as he thrust himself closer to his unleashing. The surge took its time traveling from his balls to the base of his shaft. It was torturous euphoria and expressed itself in guttural grunts, moans, and groans. Pietro knew of nothing but the pussy seizing around his cock, the fury that was creeping through his shaft, and the wave of physical joy encompassing his entire body. It all crashed in on him, and, for milliseconds, Pietro’s body was paradoxically aware of everything and yet nothing.Pietro was in plank position, his weight on his elbows and the balls of his feet. His final drive into Cassidy was so strong that it lifted her ass off the bed. Yet, his hands held fast to her cheeks, pulling her up and toward him. His cock spasmed violently as he shot every ounce of cum and his soul into his wife. He shuddered and trembled as ropes flew from his shaft. After almost 20 seconds of draining as he held that position, Pietro collapsed, he and his wife falling back to the bed. He kept his head on the side of Cassidy’s as he collected himself, breathing heavily and coming back down to the planet.Instead of pulling out and rolling over, Pietro fell to the side and turned Cassidy with him, allowing them to remain face to face, with his softening cock still pulsing inside her. He kissed her as he lightly stroked her face with his thumb. They looked into each other’s eyes, silent yet consumed by the moment. Seconds turned to minutes, and they were almost asleep when Pietro heard his phone buzz shortly before Cassidy’s did the same.Annoyed, they looked at each other quizzically before checking their phones. Cassidy giggled as Pietro chuckled. Without a word, they handed their phones to each other.Pietro read first. “Girl, whatever he was doing to you is what I hope my husband is about to do to me. I called, and I think you believed you silenced the ringer, but you answered. It sounds like you two were having a good time! Anyway, sweety, I canceled everything for this weekend because Mark and I needed time to do what you and Pietro are/were doing. We’ll talk and set something up for another time. Love you lots…Erin.”Pietro’s eyebrows raised as he looked at his wife with a grin. Cassidy’s mouth was agape, completely shocked. She raised Pietro’s phone and began reading.“Brother,” she began, affecting Mark’s East Texas accent. “You gave me a great idea for this weekend with the wife. Glad you’re putting in work. I’m about to do the same and take care of Erin’s attitude. Let’s talk soon. There’s some anime I’ve been watching lately that I think you’d love…Mark.”They traded phones and placed them on their nightstands before reclining in bed. Cassidy laid her head on Pietro’s chest and lightly traced his abs’ outlines with a finger. One of Pietro’s hands played in Cassidy’s hair as he stared at the ceiling. Pietro let out a short laugh before stopping himself. Cassidy, just seconds later, did the same. After a moment of silence, their laughter erupted simultaneously.It wasn’t until Pietro felt Cassidy’s hands fondling his cock that he realized why she stopped laughing. Cassidy turned her head to see her husband. She eyed him as she traveled towards his still cream-messy cock.“I think we can keep the party going. You?” She asked, with both hands slowly stroking Pietro’s hardening dick. He blew a kiss at her and winked.Cassidy initiated the next round by placing Pietro in her mouth and sucking his girthy member.“Cassy, baby. Yeeessssss,” was all he could muster.Cassidy lifted his weighted balls and slipped a finger between his cheeks and into his opening. Pietro grunted upon being slightly penetrated, and he moaned as Cassidy continued sucking him.As arousal and pleasure built again, they both independently had the same thought:This is way better than some party anyway.