When hurricane Ian invaded the central west coast of Florida recently, Jim and I were on high alert and buckled down to brave the storm at our place about a mile from the beach.While it crawled toward us, our nerves stayed on edge as we watched the drama unfold online and on broadcast television news. To say things were tense would be a gross understatement, but having my hubby of nearly 20 years here to hold and comfort me was priceless.; I thank God for his marital blessing every day.But two days before landfall, Ian’s path shifted closer to us, and my sister, Barb, and her husband invited us to “haul ass outta dodge” and join them 20 miles farther east, a safer inland retreat. We packed a go-bag and were there an hour later.I thanked God that my sis and I mended fences a short while back (see “Sister Cums of Age”) and that she offered us this safety option. She and Mark have a cool little place and a pool/hot tub setup in the back that’s very nice.“The first chance I get to unwind in that warm whirlpool, I’m there,” I told Jim as we unpacked the few necessities we had brought. “The last few days have been nuts for us; we could really use it.”“Agreed,” Jim said, “and it’s been so crazy that we haven’t had much alone time. Think we can sneak away for some hot sex?”“You know me, honey; I could fuck anytime, anywhere,” I said while reaching under the leg of his shorts for his cock. “And I can see you are already hard and ready for action,” I added while dropping to my knees.We were in their tiny guest room but we certainly weren’t complaining; being away from Ian’s category three winds (at the time) made us feel very comfy and secure. So did having Jim’s member in my mouth while he guided my head slowly back and forth as his soft moaning filled the air. With long thrusts, he fucked my warm and willing mouth while I massaged my breasts and firmly twisted and pulled my nipples. As I did so, I wondered how close together our orgasms would be; mine was building fast, and Jim was beginning to reveal early signs of eruption.“Oh, FUCK, I’m getting close baby,” Jim said between labored breaths. “Hope you’re ready for a mouthful.”After hearing that while tugging hard at my elongated nipples, my lower body muscles and pelvis started contracting.  I began to powerfully release the orgasm I had been waiting for since getting in the car that morning. I sucked harder as I came.“OH, FUCK, UNBELIEVABLE,” Jim cried out as he flooded my throat with his seed. “That’s right, baby, milk my cock. Get it all.”I thoroughly obliged, then dropped back to the floor in a spent heap as the last wave of intense orgasm went through me. I was so wet I had to cover my dripping cunt with both hands.“Everything okay in there?” I heard my sister’s husband call through the door.“We’re good. Be right out, Mark,” I barely managed to utter. We both threw on robes and joined them in the kitchen area.After a cup of coffee, Barb mentioned they were going to head out to the store for a few minutes to get some beer and snacks for the afternoon. “Wanna come along?” she asked.“We need to get cleaned up and change,” I said. “Catch you when you get back.”Jim and I hit the bathroom just to run a comb through our hair and returned to the living room. I brought a large bath towel with me. “What’s the towel for,” Jim asked as I spread it out to cover the couch cushions. I opened the drapes enough so I could get a clear view of their driveway. The SUV was gone. Great!“Lay on your back, and after I suck your cock until it’s long and stiff, I’m going to ride you until your little cumslut creams all over you,” I said. Soon, I straddled his mighty member and began bucking hard, keeping one eye on the window.“OH, FUCK, YES,” I began. “That’s it, baby, keep meeting my hips on the way down! YES! Move that hot ass up to meet me while I’m riding this cock I crave so much. OH, FUCK YEAH! I’m getting close now, you fucking stud. You know what to do, baby.”With that, he grabbed my tits and began squeezing them hard. As he saw me arching and shaking, he knew it was time to send my favorite signal to my aching clit: He twisted my rock-hard nipples as I cried for more.“Harder, twist them, baby. Stretch them out long and hard.”As he followed my instructions, I came and screamed while rocking my hips so hard Jim almost fell off the couch.When the last tremor passed, I smiled at Jim. “What an incredible fuck, honey. I promise I’ll return the favor later with an awesome blowjob. You can even pick where you want to shoot your load,” I said as we hurried to the bedroom.While changing into our shorts and t-shirts, we heard their SUV return and the front door open and close. We met Barb in the hallway, grabbed the groceries, and brought them into their kitchen.“So, did Mark give you the grand tour while I was out?” Barb asked while putting away the groceries.“Uh, excuse me?” I asked while looking at Jim with a panicked look on my face. “You mean you didn’t both go to the store,” I asked, probably shaking.“No, Mark was with you guys. He was supposed to show you around,” she said casually.Well,I thought,I guess Mark is the one who got the show if he was peeking and listening to the two of us!PS: I did return the favor to Jim later. He opted for a facial. We admitted to each other that the possibility of Mark watching our passion was hot, if a bit creepy. If it’s any indication, he had a hard-on the rest of the day!