Hello. First of all, a few preliminaries. I’ve been reading stories on MarriageHeat for quite some time, but never bothered to register. This morning, I decided to finally register and post my first story.*****She read my letter—one of repentance for an offense I had caused her. Finally, after seven long years, we are lying in bed together. I passionately kiss her. Our tongues meet. We have always loved French kissing. As her warm tongue touches mine, my cock instantly becomes rock-hard. Oh, it has been so long! Why did I wait so long to repent? Masturbation became easier than resolving a conflict. What a fool I’ve been.As my cock springs into action, I slowly kiss her, passionately, moving to her now-hard nipples. Oh, how I love sucking on them! Her hand reaches down and touches my erection, the tip of the head glistening with pre-cum. How hard I am! She slowly strokes it until I plead with her to stop. Not yet. She never wants me to cum outside of her. I’m good with that. Cumming inside of her wet vagina is a feeling that cannot be described. Masturbation simply cannot compete. There is something about ejaculating inside that is over the top. How can I describe it? It is not just a physical release, but also emotional. Cumming inside says, “We are one. I love you so much that filling you with my seed is the only way I can fully communicate it to you. You and you alone are worthy of my seed. I love you so desperately.”I get on top of her. We love missionary: staring into each other’s eyes, passionately kissing with our wet tongues on one another. This is it. The moment I’ve been waiting for so impatiently. I want it to last. Slowly, I guide my missile to the target. Very, very slowly, a little at a time, I enter her. The feeling!!! Over the top!!! As I penetrate her, suddenly I can no longer wait. I thrust fully into her. Balls deep. My wife cries out in pleasure.We never use vulgar language, so instead she cries, “Make love to me! I want you to cum inside of me! Fill me with your seed!”I can wait no longer. It’s been too long. I begin to pound her like I’ve never pounded her before. Fast and hard. Oh, the feeling! As I feel myself about to the point of no return, I use a technique I taught myself. Just before I am ready to explode, I pull out. I tense my cock and I hold it tense. I feel it pulsating as I orgasm but do not ejaculate. This takes much practice. As the pulsating stops, I re-enter her. I can now go forever. I thrust in and out so hard and so fast I’m out of breath.I take a pause. “If you don’t want to cum, it is okay,” she says. I look at her incredulously. “Are you kidding me? I’ve waited so long for this!”Finally, I can feel it. The point of no return. I explode inside of her. Exhausted, I lie on top of her, my quickly-softening cock still inside her. I lay my head on her chest. We pray. I thank God for my loving wife and our reconciliation. We cry softly together. It has been so long.*****“Wonderful story!” you may declare. But sadly, it isn’t true. Yes, the part about the offense and the letter are 100% true. But I haven’t completed the letter. I’m terrified of rejection. What if she doesn’t accept my repentance? Oh, the heartache. I’m nearly crying as I write this. It’s a fantasy that I want so desperately to come true. I need wisdom for the right words to finish the letter. Please pray for me, fellow readers. I love her so much.I’m going to go now. To masturbate. Oh, the emptiness. Yes, I love to cum. But it’s not the same. I need to feel that intimacy.  I need to know I am satisfying her.  Oh, I am so lonely.  Please pray for me.