Hello all, I have been a reader of the stories for a while now, but just today created an account to kind of get some feedback on an intimate conversation I had with my wife.We have been married for close to 20 years and are in our early 40s. We were both raised in extremely fundamentalist homes where there was no sex education except to preach against how horrible masturbation is. We did have sex prior to being married, but we have only ever been with each other.We have sex twice a week pretty consistently. I am pretty regular at masturbating, but she says she is not. I have been feeling an extremely high sex drive lately.I wanted to discuss with her my feelings and apologize for some of the attitudes I have displayed in the past when I was a younger man and inexperienced in women’s emotional needs. We had a very frank and open conversation about how she really more so enjoys planned sex, when she doesn’t have other things in life on her mind. But she would have sex if I asked, because she loves me and I am a caring and faithful husband.We talked about the differences between men and women, and she said that she finds it hard to believe how often men think about sex, and that she rarely thinks about it. That kind of surprised me. I guess in my mind, I expected that she was thinking about and looking forward to our regular sex as much as I do.We talked about how I’ve made her feel uncomfortable over oral sex in the past, because I desire to go down on her and she finds it uncomfortable. In the past I thought maybe she was just not giving it a chance, but last night she explained it makes her whole body feel like some type of trauma response, and she doesn’t know why.We also discussed the time I asked to take nude pics of her. She did it because she loves me, but it turns out that it did make her feel a bit awkward and exposed. I offered to delete them, but she said no, that she didn’t mind me having them. She has voluntarily sent me more tasteful ones before.Sorry if I am rambling, I just left the conversation feeling better in some ways, but I’m also in my head now, with questions like “Does she even like sex?” She orgasms every time and I know it’s not fake or anything. She’s the one that initiates it during our planned times. But now I’m over here thinking, am I a burden to her? Am I wrong for masturbating during our down times and looking at her pictures? Is it selfish for me to initiate sex when it’s not planned, knowing she’s pretty much just doing it for me?I’m just kind of all in my head about it right now for some reason, and I know I may not be making a lot of sense. Thanks for any input you might have to give.