(L) – This story contains a small amount of strong language.Leanna had noticed lately how busy Joe had been.  Maybe he was a hard worker, but a man didn’t have to go so far that he practically forgot his wife existed.  She understood it – the addition of fifteen new breeding mares and the broken tractor and the hay in the north field piled on the work load – but she also decided to get his attention back.  Marriage came first, then the ranch.  Even if this year, 1951, had the best market for Quarter horses ever, she’d rather every horse drowned in the lake before Joe was pulled into a life of endless work and moneymaking.His latest act of neglect had been to fall into bed with hardly a word to her before he conked out.  He’d rushed through so many dinners and forgotten to tell her how good they were as well as getting up extra earlier and missing his usual morning kiss.  Leanna wasn’t angry, just kind of hurt and affected by a humorous desire for some revenge.This morning her plan would go into action.  Joe was already out feeding the horses, but he’d come in shortly and then drive into town.  He had errands to run.  Only he didn’t know that she’d intercepted some of them yesterday.Leanna caught sight of her husband through the window and took a few seconds to watch him as he strode around the stable yard; he led some of the horses to the far corral and hefted feed bags into the pickup truck.  Sometimes she realized she forgot to really look at him.  A fresh thrill of admiration and longing for him swept over her.  She loved everything about him: the tough, strapping build, his sleeves rolled up above his hairy biceps, hair brushed in a wave across his intelligent, rectangular forehead, kind, tired gray eyes under mellow brows, personable mouth, elegant nose, soft but masculine jawline.  And whenever he talked, his uncultured backwoods language lost itself in the rich, burnished virility of his voice.  That was what attracted her to him first.Dressed in a plain calico dress and little white hat and low heels with a beige purse, Leanna emerged from the bedroom.“I’m goin’, sugar,” Joe called through the front screen door.She appeared in the doorway.  “All right!” she smiled.“You comin’ with me?” he asked.“No, I’m sorry,” was her sweet answer.  “Betty’s coming a little later and taking me to town.  I have a few things to do.”“Well, okay.  I guess barb wire and harness and feed ain’t exactly what a woman wants to go shopping for,” he observed.  “I gotta get some more wire for the south pasture; found a big break last night.  And I’ll go over to Hank’s and stock up on leather.  Need to get steel for horseshoes too.  You have a nice time with Betty,” and Joe waved, hurried out to the truck, climbed in, and drove off.It was about two hours later when Joe got back.  He pulled up to the barn to unload the purchases from the bed of the truck.  Then he meandered up to the house.The front door was locked, meaning Leanna wasn’t back yet.  “Wonder what she needed in town,” he mused.  “I coulda gotten it for her.”He hurried back out to the barn and got to work on the tractor again.  Then he toted the reels of barb wire to the wagon, hitched the draft horses, and drove out to the south pasture.  Just as he returned to the barnyard, he heard the neighbor’s car rumble up the gravel drive and saw Leanna step out.“Bye, Betty, and thanks a million,” he heard her say.  She turned as her friend drove away.  “Hi, Joe.  Get your errands done?” was her pleasant greeting.“Mostly.  Where you been all this time?” he asked, wiping his face and approaching her.“Well, we went to lunch and then a movie, and after that we decided it was time to get a full makeover at the beauty parlor.  I’ve been letting myself go,” she returned brightly.  “Like it?”“Well…I sure do,” he declared, noting that her hair was silky and freshly done and her makeup really attractive.  “You’re downright pretty.”They entered the house.  “Thank you.  Now I’ll get you some supper and make sure you have your newspaper and warm milk ready – since you’ll have to head to bed early – and then I have to go.”“Go? You goin’ back out again?” Joe demanded.She paused on her way towards the kitchen.  “Yes, if you don’t mind.  Betty and Phil invited me to a dance over in Sunnyview, and it’s been a spell since I danced, so I accepted.  I knew you’d be too tired to go, but I don’t mind going with them.  It really is all right.”“Well, I never said I was tired,” Joe remonstrated.“Oh, but you’ve been up since before dawn and with all the work you’ll have to do tomorrow…I’d never ask you to give up a good night’s sleep,” she rejoined in a very contented tone.  “Now you’d best wash up.  I’ll have some stew warmed up for you in a jiff.”  She had vanished into the kitchen before he could say anything.  A little puzzled over her plans, and feeling a tiny flicker of re-attraction to his beautiful wife, he wandered off to the bathroom.When he came back, he asked quietly, “There gonna be a lot of folks at this dance?”“I’m sure.  It’s a yearly thing.  They have it every summer.  Frankly I’ve been dying to wear my new strapless dress,” Leanna replied.“Strapless?” Joe repeated, his eyes jumping to her face and neck and breasts and his brain imagining all the men who would get to see her shoulders and cleavage revealed in that dress.“It’s the fashion.  Well, darling, you get to bed good and early so you can work on that fence tomorrow,” and Leanna bent, quickly kissed his cheek, and hastened from the room.Thoughts of Leanna in a dress that exposed more than usual had gotten Joe’s blood heated up.  He was starting to think that maybe he could take tomorrow off.  He had been working a lot, he realized.  When was the last time he had taken Leanna out? Maybe she was feeling a little neglected.  The idea caught at him.But then he remembered that blasted fence.  If he didn’t fix it as soon as possible, the neighbor’s cattle would stray in and wreak havoc with the horses.  Any stabbing of horseflesh by cow horns could mean serious monetary loss.  There was no putting off a job like that.  Joe tried to reconcile himself a few dozen different ways, promising to make it up to his wife next time.He felt extra bad and extra allured when she walked in, ready for the dance.  The soft blue material enhanced her lovely eyes and swept around her shapely legs, and the sweetheart neckline plunged so shockingly that nearly half of her small, plump breasts perched in the open for all to see.“Do the pearl earrings or the silver dangles match better?” she asked, twirling a little.Joe got up slowly, taking her in with his eyes.  “Anything on you looks good to me,” he stated, circling her.  “I don’t think people’re gonna be lookin’ at your earrings.”She hid her smile, feeling his eyes devouring her body and thoroughly enjoying it.  “Well, I want everything to match,” she said.  “I guess I’ll go with the pearls.  Oh, it’s almost seven.  And there’re Betty and Phil.  Goodbye, dear.”  A quick kiss on his lips and she had collected a wrap, a purse, a flower and floated out the front door.“Wait…if you…” but Joe knew she couldn’t hear him.  He was a little peeved.  The sight of Leanna done up so glamorously, which wasn’t usual, had really grabbed his attention.  More than anything he’d wanted to touch her warm, tanned arms and back and wind his arms around her little waist and pull her up against him.  He’d love to dance with her right now, here in the kitchen, but no, she was going to dance to band music and the light of Chinese lanterns and moonlight with lots of strange men.  The recollection that Betty’s husband Phil was very good-looking and a great dancer only irked him the more.  It’s enough to say that Joe spent a very disconsolate evening.  He went to bed, figuring he’d better get his sleep, but he didn’t sleep.  He wanted his wife.At ten-thirty, as he lay in bed with his hands tucked under his head, he caught the gladdening sound of a car door slamming and the front door being unlocked.  Leanna was home.  Funny she was so early.  He thought she’d dance till at least midnight.  He started up and switched on a lamp and waited at the bedroom door.  As Leanna’s footsteps on the stairs reached his ears, he opened the door.  She was there, beautiful and flushed, on the landing.“You have a fun time, honey baby?” he asked, resting one hand on the doorframe.“I sure did,” she answered.  She had to avert her sparkling eyes because she couldn’t help gazing at her husband, handsome even in pajamas.  “Now my feet hurt and I want to take a shower.”Joe stepped aside to let her in, lazily watching her as she removed jewelry and high heels.  He managed a light chuckle.  “You know when you walked out this evenin’ you kinda threw me fer a loop,” he remarked.“Oh?” she returned innocently.  “I thought you’d be asleep hours ago and forget all about me.”“No,” he said slowly, coming up behind her.  “No, I couldn’t do that.”“Oh, boy, some of the fellas Phil knows are sure swell dancers,” she gushed, rubbing a tender spot on her neck.  “I honestly didn’t want to leave, but then I remembered the ranch.  Can’t live for fun, you know.”Maybe it was the way the low, seductive light from the lamp fell across Leanna’s breasts, the shadows making every hollow more noticeable, or the glide of her hand over her sore neck.  Anyhow, Joe closed the space between him and her and clasped her soft, firm upper arms with both hands.“Who says we can’t have fun? And the more I think about it, the more I want to be the one dancing with my wife,” he declared, that strong, rich voice sending a shiver through her.“But you have an early morning tomorrow and lots to do,” she argued, not certain yet of her final victory.  “Better go back to bed while I get in the shower.”  She slipped out of his grip and went over to the dresser to hunt for a nightgown.Joe’s eyes followed her, bright with hunger.  Being more a workaday man, his method of romancing was quieter.  Oh, he could be passionate, but it had been awhile.  To his shame he realized he had forgotten his wife in the stress and distraction of daily tasks.  And now as she stood there, her feminine little figure swathed in a flowy dress that accented every beautiful feature and revealed just enough to taunt him, he felt the desire flaming up.But her last words reminded him of annoying reality.  If he didn’t get some sleep before waking at four-thirty, he’d be a wreck tomorrow.  Oh, what a maddening night.  At this moment he hated the ranch.Leanna sailed to the bathroom, closing the door and leaning against it for a second, listening for any movement her husband might make.  She wanted him to choose her over tomorrow’s work on his own volition.With the door shut and the sound of the shower starting up on the other side of it, Joe exhaled in some disappointment and resignation.  It just wasn’t going to work out.  And he was getting the feeling that she was hurt and didn’t want to get romantic with him.  He winced, wondering how much he’d hurt her.  He turned back to bed and sat down, then slung his legs up and under the covers.  Only he left the lamp on.  No need for Leanna to struggle in the dark when she got out.At last the bathroom door opened and she appeared.  Her moves were slinky, another new trait.  And her nightgown was long and fairly sheer, with thin silky straps and a low-cut neck.  Joe raised himself up on his elbows, eyes fixed on her body.She swayed her hips as she walked past him towards the dresser, adding fuel to his fire.  She was going to milk this for all it was worth.“Aren’t you asleep yet?” she asked kindly, throwing him a glance.“No,” was his brief answer.“Well, no need to miss out on your sleep.  Remember all the things you have to do tomorrow,” she said.  “That fence, the tractor, the blacksmith work…” As she talked, she ran her fingers through her long hair, freed from its pins and tumbling over her shoulders.  Then her hands wandered downward, caressing and massaging her thighs and buttocks over the thin layer of fabric.A flick of desire stirred in Joe’s shaft.  He felt it.  But why was Leanna teasing him like this if she was upset with him?“I’m sure after tomorrow you’ll really be exhausted.  The horses have to be delivered next week, right?”Leanna sank down on her side of the bed, allowing the nightgown to hike up and expose her legs as she stretched them lazily.“Betty wants to introduce me to her brother; he breeds horses and shows them.  I figured I could get some pointers for our own stock.”She seductively twisted her head a little and drew a hand casually over her breast.  Joe was beside her, up on one forearm, his eyes riveted to her body.“If we’re going to invest so much in this ranch and the horses, we’d better go all out.  It takes every minute of daylight to raise good stock and make a profit.  I’m sure I can learn a lot from Betty’s brother.  He sounds like a genius when it comes to horses.  And he’s got a manager and a foreman, so he’s not half as busy as you are.  Not to mention he’s probably pretty handsome, if he resembles Betty at all –”That was it.  Joe grabbed both her wrists and pinned them down and half-climbed on top of her, his body pressed against hers, the space between his nose and hers only an inch.“You little tormenter…no man but me’s ever gonna teach you about horses,” he said huskily.  His tone startled her.  “Maybe I been neglectin’ you, baby, but I still love you, sure as I’m breathin’.  Even when I’m out workin’ I think about you.  I don’t like bein’ away from you.  I thought I was goin’ loco tonight thinkin’ about those other men takin’ you in their arms and lookin’ down at parts o’ you that I want saved for my eyes alone.  These last few weeks, I confess I forgot that you’re a woman, not just my wife.  But Leanna, sugar, I’ll always want you.  I want you now.  You hear me? I want you right now, tonight.”“I hear you,” Leanna breathed.  His speech had thrilled her.“All I can think to say this second is…to hell with the ranch,” he added.  Then he dropped his head and kissed her madly.She sighed into his mouth.  Her hands crawled into his hair.  “Yes, Joe, kiss me,” she pleaded.He did.  So engulfed were they both with the fire of married lust that their heads bobbed and rolled in order to find every possible angle for devouring each other’s lips.Then Joe’s hand darted to the hem of her nightgown.  He found her warm and bare underneath it, and it delighted him.“Good Lord, baby!” he muttered, feeling her wetness on his fingers.“I want you,” she said softly, wriggling closer.“Then you’ll get me.”  He lifted his hips to let her peel down his pajama trousers, revealing a hardening penis that made her heart thud.He bunched her slip up around her waist, settled himself in the cradle of her hips, and kissed her more while he pushed into her.  Leanna moaned and took a sharp breath.  “Slowly, baby!” she begged.  “Make it last.”It seemed to take superhuman self-control, but he steadied himself and slid in and out with measured movements.  She was so tight she gripped him like a velvet vice, and she whimpered as she felt him stretch the deepest parts of her.Suddenly he dropped his head against her neck and began to rut a little faster.  “I need you so bad, sugar,” he confessed.  “Let me take you fast for a minute.”“Okay.  I love when you go like a dog in heat!” she told him with a faint smile.“Oh you do?”“Mmm-hmm.”  She bit her lip, enjoying the motion of his member gliding through her slick tunnel.“That’s just ’cause you’re my pretty little bitch,” he grinned back, his face red.Leanna smiled too before her eyes rolled back as his cock touched a sweet spot close to her entrance.  “Oh yes! Oh God…yes, baby, take me all night!”“We’re gonna feel rough in the morning,” he warned, though his body certainly didn’t slow down.“I’ve got a secret,” she admitted breathlessly.  “You don’t have to get up early tomorrow.”“Huh?” He looked perplexed, getting off his rhythm a bit.“I’ll tell you after.  Make love to me, Joe, harder than you ever have! I need it! I need you!”“Leanna, you’re a tormenter, you know that?”She tried to smile, but his every thrust was jerking the breath from her lungs.  “Only because you’re such a stud of a husband and I can’t keep my hands off you.”He kissed her.  “Oh baby, what a wife you are!” he said, and proceeded to ram into her with the fastest, fullest strokes he had ever provided for her pleasure.  They rocked the bed and the mattress squeaked.  Leanna could only gasp as she bounced with him.  Reaching down, she played with that little nub of nerves located just above where her husband was plowing her.  The warm waves of pleasure that emanated throughout her pelvis, then her whole body, overpowered her.Joe watched in unadulterated enjoyment as his wife let herself drown in ecstasy.  He always loved bringing her to climax; in fact, he’d always considered it his duty as a husband to ensure an orgasm for her.  She deserved it.  And tonight, after his neglect, he was going to go all out.“That’s it, sugar!” he praised, slamming into her like a piston.  “Just let it all out!”“Oh Joe…oh Joe…yes…yes…yes…oh yes!” Leanna cried, her neck arching and her fingers rubbing crazily.  When she went over, Joe could feel it.  She clamped around him and shook as if with a convulsion.  The strength of her orgasm amazed him and made him feel proud.  He’d contributed to those feelings.  It made him feel very masculine.Of course the sight and sound of Leanna in the throes of bliss pushed him over the edge.  His thrusts became a little more shallow, but he was inside her up to the hilt, so he churned her very depths.  He grunted, feeling his testicles tighten up.“Oh God! Yes! Dang it! Dang! Yeah!” he growled, trembling as he ejaculated.Leanna rubbed his back and reveled in the knowledge that he was filling her with semen.  “Oh, I’ve missed that!” she sighed contentedly.“You like me coming inside you?”“So much!”“Oh!” Joe’s brows creased.  “Baby…I didn’t think about what time o’ the month it is.  What if I got you pregnant?”“No, it’s okay.  I’m close to having ‘Aunt Flo’ visit, so you’re safe.”He relaxed.  “We’re still thinkin’ about havin’ a baby, ain’t we?”“Oh yes.  Maybe let’s just get through this dry spell on the ranch.”“Speaking o’ which,” he changed the subject, rolling off of her and pulling her into his arms, “what’d you mean about me not gettin’ up early?”Leanna smiled.  “Phil and Betty and her brother have planned for us to take a few days to go out of town and enjoy ourselves.  They’ll take care of the ranch.  They want to thank you for saving their stallion last spring.”  She gave him a teasing grin.  “And you were so jealous of Betty’s brother!”“Well,” Joe said, grinning back in an abashed way, “I got this gorgeous wife that torments me and every other man on the planet! Course, it’s worse for them, ’cause none of them gets to do what we just did!”