Kinks are what they are (as long as they’re consensual and within Biblical limits), and I’ve accepted mine as being okay. I don’t know where this one started, and I have no idea why this particular thing turns me on, but it does.My wife is a stunning beauty by any standard, but what attracts me to her the most is what’s inside. Her heart and her devotion to the Lord draw me in, and I can’t help but want to be the best husband I can be. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve walked in on her praying and just stood listening while tears dripped down my cheeks. Sometimes, I join her, and sometimes I let her be.Our metamorphosis as a couple has been nothing less than miraculous. We had grown stronger and closer than I thought possible. Thankfully, this also included our sex life. It had gone from giggling and fumbling, to mundane, to barely there, to hot, steamy acceptance and practice in the bedroom. This was in no small part due to the fact that we had each embraced our own sexuality as well as each other’s.In a sleep shirt, my wife was kneeling at the foot of the bed. Her prayer had captured me and was, at first, a soulful plea for help and strength. It changed to one of praise, and I couldn’t help but notice the pink lace that was exposed as she raised her arms to the Father. My gaze drifted down her creamy thighs, across her calves, then to her pretty feet. My cock stirred, and I swallowed hard. Time to go.I crept quietly back into to kitchen so as not to disturb her and sat at the table with a raging boner. I couldn’t get that picture out of my head. My treacherous cock wasn’t helping. I got up to grab a cold glass of water, and when I turned around, there stood my wife. She looked radiant, but my cock pulled my eyes slowly down her body and locked them on her pretty painted toes. I swallowed again and drew my eyes to hers; they were sparkling with mischief.“I know you like them.”Shit.“I’ve seen you staring.” My eyes re-glued themselves to her feet, and she stepped closer.“It’s okay. I’ve been waiting for you to bring it up.” Words wouldn’t form. It was like being caught red-handed in a place you weren’t supposed to be. Her fingers grazed my cock, and she looked up at me.“Tell me, baby.” Her words were a seductive whisper. “Tell me what you like.”She slipped her hand down my shorts, and I almost came.“I have a sexual thing for your feet.”“Mmm-hmm.”“I don’t know why. I just know that my brain sees them like… like…”“Sees them like what?” Her hand was moving on my cock.Jesus, help me. “It sees them like your ass, or your lips, or your boobs.”“Oh my.”“You take care of them. They’re always clean, they smell like your perfume,  and your toes are always painted.”“Uh-huh. Tell me more.”“The way they look in heels, or in flats, or in flip flops… but especially when they’re bare.”She drug her toes up my leg. “What else?”“I… I want to have sex with your feet.”“That’s kinky.”“Yeah, I know.”She slipped my shorts down and led me to the bedroom.When we reached the bed, my wife turned around and smothered me with a kiss. I returned it with heated fervor, and very shortly, we were both naked. She slid back onto the bed, opened her legs and placed the soles of her feet together. Then she wet her finger with her mouth and started drawing circles around her pussy.“My body is yours, baby… all of it.” I crawled onto the bed and she placed both feet on my chest. “Tell me what to do, baby. Tell me what you want.”I captured her feet with my hands and told her to masturbate slowly. She busied both hands and, for the first time, I began making love to her feet.This was new for me, but I had thought about it. My breath was ragged as I held and caressed each one, truly exploring them for the first time. I was in no hurry as I felt and kissed each of her pretty toes. I licked each one and sucked them into my mouth, giving them the same attention I would normally give to her clit.She groaned, but I didn’t know if it was from what I was doing or what she was doing. I was too lost in the moment to give it much thought, though, and continued giving her pretty feet the sexual love I had long fantasized about. I rubbed them up and down my chest and stomach, then finally succumbed to my goal. Holding one in each hand, I wrapped her soles around my dripping cock. I almost came immediately.The sensation and taboo of finally having her feet on my cock was ethereal. My mind was in a different place as I began to thrust. The coating of my pre-cum made her soft skin slippery, and my cock glided with ease. I picked up my pace and watched mesmerized as she squeezed it with her toes.The sounds I was making told me I was about to cum. I locked eyes with her and tried to communicate my thankfulness, yet in utter disbelief that she was willing to do this for me. Her smile comforted me, and I refocused my gaze on my cock and her feet. I had to see this.I sped up even more and, reaching the point of no return, I placed each big toe at the tip as my cum erupted. Seeing it coat her toes and ooze between them was one of the most erotic things I had ever experienced. I had thought about this so much, never believing it would actually happen. The moment overwhelmed me, and I couldn’t withhold my tears.She rose up immediately and embraced me as I cried. I had never been more thankful for her than I was in this moment. She had accepted me and my weirdness with love and care.As my tears subsided, she looked at me with softness in her eyes. Overcome with a different mindset, I wanted to repay her.“Lay down baby.” She did, and I placed my head between her open legs. Doing everything I knew she liked, I explored her pussy like a long sought treasure.She bucked her hips and screamed my name as she came over and over. Finally, over-sensitive and begging me to stop, she drew me up with her.“I love you, baby. You don’t have to hide yourself from me.”The tears came again, and I fell asleep to her soothing voice while she prayed.Song 7:1How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince’s daughter! the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman.