Lacy and I have known each other all our lives, as I explained in “Dinner with Lacy.”She challenged me because she would not have sex. She always said, “Not until you love me and marry me.”I was falling in love with her, and I told her that. She got mad and told me to stop, and that if I did not mean it, I would never get in her panties. With time, it became natural to show her little gestures of my love and respect for her.It took some more work, but eventually, I asked her to marry me, and she agreed. We had a small intimate wedding with our very best friends. We did not have a reception but used the money for a honeymoon instead.I never told her where we were headed; the first she knew of our destination was from the airport announcement of our flight. When we landed, we got onto a boat, and I blindfolded her during the short ride. The air was hot, and the tropical sea breeze set the stage perfectly.We disembarked, and our host handed me a welcome basket and told us, “See you in four days.”Lacy wanted to take off the blindfold, but I asked her to trust me and come with me. As the sound of the motorboat faded into the distance, I led her through the sand and stopped long enough to spread a blanket from the basket of goodies. Then I took her in my arms, kissing her deeply and passionately. Finally, I took off her blindfold, revealing a vista of nothing but water, beautiful sand, and a romantic hut on the beach!Lacy looked nervous. “Are you going to bury me out here where no one can find me?” she joked.I laughed aloud. “No, Miss Sass.”Lacy is not a people person, so I knew resorts and tourist traps were out. I explained that Coach James had a friend who owned this island, and he loaned it to us for a few days. I figured, what better way to grow our intimacy? We wouldn’t be interrupted and neither of us could leave.“Smoooth, Mister Sass.” Lacy started to cry. “Why do you do this to me? I couldn’t build a wall with you if I tried.”“Also, there are no expectations,” I let her know. “There is nothing I want more than to make love to you over and over, but I know we might not be there yet.”“I do not deserve you.” On her tiptoes, she kissed me tenderly with her lips quivering.Towering over her, I held Lacy’s face in my hands and softly caressed her, running my thumb over her soft, full lips. I slid my hand down her neck to her chest, just above her breasts, and her hand found mine and held it firmly against her. I felt her heart starting to pound.Taking Lacy’s hands, I helped her to sit on the blanket-covered sand. My new wife looked beautiful as she lay back and motioned for me to join her. When I lowered myself between her open arms, she wrapped them around me, and we kiss tenderly as the passion built. My hand slid down her chest further this time and through her shallow cleavage.Lacy pulled back from our kissing and rolled to her back, looking nervous. I caressed her face and told her, “Relax. There is no one here but us, and we have a lifetime.”A smile filled her face. “I love you; I really do, and I don’t ever want to be a disappointment or a regret of yours.”I softly kissed her, reassuring her as best as I could that she is the love of my life by God’s plan.“Take your shirt off, please,” she asked nervously, making me smile as I sat up and unbuttoned it. I leaned down again, Lacy’s hands tenderly ran over my firm chest, her fingers trailing through the hair. “I love my strong, hairy husband.” She giggled.I gasped when her fingers flitted over my nipples, and she started.It reminded me that this was the first time she’d touched me as her husband and with a sexual build-up. So I moaned and told her that what she was doing felt nice, encouraging her to continue.After a bit, Lacy rose to her knees in front of me, looking deep into my eyes as she pulled her sundress down to her waist. I moaned and smiled to see her perfectly shaped, firm, small breasts and hard nipples.“Oh, Lacy, you are even more beautiful than I’ve imagined.”She took my hands and placed them on her breasts, and I softly squeezed them. Lacy quivered as I rubbed and caressed them. A long, sensual moan emanated from her as I pinched her nipples and rolled them in my fingers. I twisted them lightly, and Lacy quivered more and whispered. “Mmmm, soooo good.”My cock, hard and straining at the leg of my shorts, was creating a wet spot on the fabric. I released Lacy’s breasts, and she fell into my arms. We held each other. Her roaming hands went to my thighs, and she gasped and pushed back when she realized her hand had pressed against my cock.“I… I’m sorry.”“It’s okay, baby.”Her eyes stared. “It’s… um… It’s big—I mean, like really big, isn’t it?”I chuckled at the unintended compliment and pulled her tight to me, and we kissed hard and deeply. My fingers were in her hair, pulling and holding her lips to mine. I rolled onto my back and pulled her on top of me, my hands sliding down her soft, bare back and over her dress to cup and squeeze her ass.Lacy moaned loudly and kissed me harder as I pulled the fabric up. When my hands settled on her firm ass, she quivered and gasped into our kiss. She then pulled back, sat up, and yanked her dress off her body.I smiled as I saw her tight young body in all its naked glory. Looking between her legs, I saw her pussy, bare and smooth, soft and inviting, shining with wetness. “You are a vision of beauty, the angel I’ve always wanted, and now I have you.”She sat down and moaned as she wiggled against my hard cock in my shorts. Then she kissed me deeper, her tongue delving into my mouth. Her hips moved slowly, driving me crazy as she rubbed against my hard cock.Forcing myself to be patient, I let her control how fast things went. I slid my hands to her waist and hips and just held her. Her moaning and grinding quickened as I slid my palm down her ass and closer to her pussy. I could feel the heat and wetness even on her thighs and ass.Lacy cried out in pleasure, something I’d never heard from her before. Her body shuddered atop mine as I felt her hot nectar flow for the first time. She was shaking in my arms, panting, and moaning. Rolling off me, she grinned, moaned, and giggled at the same time with a beautiful smile from ear to ear. “Oh baby, that was something. I’ve never had an orgasm like that.”I sat up to take a bottle of chilled wine from the basket and pour two glasses. As I handed one to her, she noticed my hard cock throbbing in my shorts. She took a gulp of her wine and then, biting her lip, reached over and rubbed my hardness. I saw the hunger in her eyes and looked deeply as she opened her legs, inviting me to become one with her.I unfastened my shorts and pushed them down, and Lacy moaned when my big hard cock popped out, pointing straight at her. She again opened her arms to me, and I crawled on top of her and lay down. Her slim arms, wrapped so trustingly and comfortingly around me, tightened as the head of my cock pulsed against her pussy. Lacy started panting, almost hyperventilating, and her nails dug into my back as I slowly pushed my cock into her pussy, stretching her hot, soft folds open.“Oh, Lacy. Lacy! I can’t hold back!” I cried as I pushed deep into her. We both screamed out. Lacy’s lips quivered as she kissed me deeply, and her body trembled under mine, her pussy tightening around my cock and getting hotter and wetter.“I love you; Oh, how I love you!” Lacy screamed out, as I slowly started sliding in and out of her.I knew I was not going to last long as my emotions took over; her tightness was just so incredible. “Ooooh, Lacy!” escaped my lips as I pushed in. My cock throbbed and my hot cum shot deep into her pussy. I continued to push in over and over as I fucked my new wife while my cum flowed out of her. I sped up, racing to beat the oncoming softening.Lacy’s eyes opened wide as she felt a man cumming in her for the first time.  “Yes, yes, so good, baby,” she moaned.Her head thrashed back and forth, and I lifted off her slightly to drive harder into her. Lacy screamed out with each thrust, tensed up, and arched her back, as her pussy honey flowed, washing over my cock!I collapsed on my wife, and we just held each other. Eventually, I rolled off Lacy so she could breathe and poured her some more wine, and she sat up to take it. We just smiled and stared lovingly into each other’s eyes. At last, we were husband and wife.