She was so hot and swollen with arousal, she thought she might orgasm just from dry-humping him.Well, with how soaked I am, it’s not really dry-humping, is it?she thought to herself with a smirk.ReadPart 1andPart 2of the series here!**********Atta Girl – Part 3**********Gideon and Annabelle continued making out on the couch, both completely naked except for the tiny black lace panties Annabelle still wore. They were soaked with her arousal.She still hadn’t climaxed yet during these long hours of sexy preparation, simmering foreplay and scorching-hot sex, so her intense arousal was evident in the desperation of her kisses and the copious lubrication leaking from her pussy.Annabelle settled her ass into Gideon’s lap and ground both sets of her lips against her lover, kissing him forcefully and humping her panty-clad vulva against his thigh.Gideon gasped as he felt herverywet pussy squish against him. “Oh my God, ‘Belle, you’re soaked!”Annabelle grinned and said seductively, “I know. Apparently, toying with you really turns me on.”“You should do it more.”“Would you like that?” Annabelle asked. “If I took the initiative more often?”“I would. I’d like it alot. You aresohot when you pursue me and lead sexually.”Her confidence and satisfaction soared. “Well maybe I can practice a bit right now.” She sat up a little straighter, taking on a commanding posture and shamelessly thrusting her breasts into his face. They were still wet with his cum, which she had drooled there a few minutes ago after bringing him to climax in her mouth. “Stop talking and suck my tits,” she demanded. “Clean up the mess you made.”Gideon happily complied. In a split second, his lips were pressed against the flesh of her breasts, and his tongue quickly made its way to an exposed andveryerect nipple.As he began his erotic cleanup, Annabelle took her finger and scooped up a drop of his cum from her breast, then brought it to her mouth. “Mmm, yummy. I’m such a messy girl,” she said to Gideon as he suckled her. “You like making me messy, don’t you?”Gideon sighed contentedly, “Yes, I love it baby.” She kissed him tenderly, then let him go back to his enjoyment of her body.“Can you taste your cum in my mouth?” she asked.He simply moaned an affirmative “Mm hmm” without his mouth leaving her breast.“Can you taste it on my tits?”Gideon groaned a deeper, more adamant affirmative.Just as Gideon had done when she’d orally loved on him, Annabelle wove her fingers into his hair and stroked his scalp as he nursed on her. He moaned in satisfaction at the intimate gesture, and they stayed that way for several beautiful minutes. He needed a few minutes to recover before getting an erection again, and this was a wonderfully intimate way to keep making love while waiting.“I love how you nurse on me,” Annabelle whispered. “It turns me on so much! Mmmh, baby, I love how your tongue feels on my hard nipples. Mmmmh, yes. Sometimes I swear I think you could make me come just by nursing on my tits, baby.”With a little smirk, Gideon mumbled around a nipple, “I wouldn’t mind spending hours trying. I’m addicted to your sexy little boobs.”And by the way he orally made love to them, that was unquestionably true.Annabelle realized she had unconsciously starting grinding on Gideon’s thigh, mashing her swollen vulva into him through the tiny panties she still wore. She was so hot and swollen with arousal, she thought she might orgasm just from dry-humping him.Well, with how soaked I am, it’s not really dry-humping, is it?she thought to herself with a smirk.“Okay, it’s time we were both completely naked.” Annabelle stood and deftly stripped her soaked panties off, tossed them aside, and re-mounted her mate. It was a small difference, but having her bare pussy against his thigh felt amazing, especially when his mouth re-latched onto her breast and began caressing her sensitive little buds. She felt herself smear his leg with lady cream, but neither of them cared—in fact, Gideon just groaned with pleasure.As his kisses began to range back and forth between her breasts and his lips again, she felt firmness growing under her bare ass.She smiled at him playfully. “What’s that I feel? Is having a hot, naked woman in your lap getting you excited again? Can you feel my ass on your cock? Can you feel my juices leaking all over you? My pussy is wet for you, baby. She’s hungry for you…”Gideon growled, “Then feed that hungry pussy. Give her as much as she can take.”Annabelle raised up, they worked together to align themselves, and she gently lowered back down, spreading her pussy open around his cock.She moaned a deep, guttural moan as his manhood invaded the depths of her body. Shudders of pleasure wracked her body as her arousal was finally given the stimulation it craved. “Gideon, ohh…” she sighed. The grinding and the tit-sucking had gotten her far closer to climax than she’d realized. “I’m so horny!” she gasped. “I’m going to come all over you any minute!”“Come for me, baby,” Gideon whispered as he softly caressed her bare back and hips. “Making you come is my favorite thing. Let go for me. Let it happen. Lose yourself to it.”“Ohhh, baby!” she cried, her sounds getting higher pitched. “Yes, yes, yes!” She chanted in rhythm with her shallow thrusting, leaving her lover seated as deeply inside of her as he would go—which feltsovery deep.“Suck my tits as I come, baby, please,pleeeeasepleaseplease suck my tits, suck my—ohhhhh!” she moaned as he obediently latched back onto a breast and took the other in his hand. The added stimulation rocketed her over the cliff, and sent the first set of ecstatic spasms to her pussy.“Yes, lover, yes, Gideon! AAHHHH!” she cried out as an intense wave of orgasm gripped her body. Her whole body tensed and released repeatedly, and her pussy clenched around his cock.Somewhere in the overwhelming intoxication of bliss, she felt her mate’s member erupt, and more wetness fill her depths. Though he’d just come a short while earlier, apparently having an enthusiastic and attractive woman orgasm in his lap was too much for him to handle.Her heart flooded with joy at their shared ecstasy and intimacy, and her body flooded with another wave of rapturous pleasure as pure love flowed through her. She held on to her lover for dear life and rode out the peaks of her climax.When her next conscious thought arrived an unknown amount of time later, she was gasping for breath, and so was her mate. Her arms were wrapped tightly around his naked body—and his around hers.Having climaxed with her mate, the experience felt complete—almost. There was still that blissful epilogue to enjoy. The naked afterglow cuddle was a precious time, and she knew it was one of Gideon’s favorite parts, so she made extra sure to cuddle close.They basked in the afterglow, skin to skin, their naked, hot, sticky bodies still joined.Gideon breathed hard for several minutes before he finally found his words. “That was… indescribable. You are… perfect. You are so good to me. Thank you…”Annabelle said tenderly, “I love you,” as if that was all the explanation that was needed.Gideon said, “I love you too. I adore you. I… God, I wish I had better words. It’s not nearly enough to explain what I feel. I can’t—”Annabelle cut him off with a kiss—forceful at first, to get him to stop talking, then so very tender.She pulled back. “Shhh,” she whispered. “You don’t need to have the words. Everything else you do for me, every way you treat me tells me how much you love me.” She glanced down and smirked, “And so does this beautiful mess inside me. I do feel your love, Gideon. You don’t have to put it into words. I feel like the most loved woman in the world. You make me feel that every day. I think Idounderstand how much you love me, because I feel the same, wild, indescribable love for you.”She snatched her discarded bra from the couch beside them and held it up for him to see. “I did this as a small way of showing you how much I love you and want you.”Gideon laughed and said, “Well you certainly succeeded.” He looked into her eyes with wonder. “I don’t deserve you, Annabelle. But I’m so grateful God brought us together anyway. And I’m so thankful that you chose me. Thank you.”Annabelle said, “I would choose you a million times over, Gideon.” And she meant it—with all her heart and soul.Gideon said, “And I you, Annabelle. My wife. Lover. Soulmate.”Wife. Lover. Soulmate.His words entered through her ears, but reached the deepest part of her heart and filled it to overflowing.She melted into him again. Still seated in his lap, her naked body skin to skin with his, she kissed him deeply, drinking in the last drops in the cup of passion she had filled for them tonight.She felt the satisfaction of a successful seduction.She felt the rightness of their intimacy.She felt the beauty of her pursuit of love.And somewhere out there, she felt more than heard an approving voice say, “Atta girl.”