To the reader: This is a standalone story that doesn’t fit the theme of my other submissions. I had a thought, so I wrote it down.Given the situation, I shouldn’t have been surprised to see her, but I hadn’t really thought about her coming. Yet, there she was. Her presence added extra heaviness to my already dreary mind.I was talking to a friend when she came through the door. The sight of her filled me instantly with regret and longing; regret for the way things turned out, and longing for a different scenario. This was by no means our first encounter, but each one left me feeling the same. She’d always been friendly, but her demeanor never suggested any clue as to her deep down emotional state. Neither did it ever suggest any sign that she was aware of how she affected me.Every time I saw her, I noticed every detail from head to toe. This particular day was no exception. Her auto-shading lenses still showed the effects of the sun, her short, dark hair was nicely styled, and she wore no makeup; she didn’t need it.  She was dressed in a nearly sleeveless blouse, loosely fitting khaki pants, and sandals. Her impeccably manicured nails weren’t painted, but they were pretty and highlighted her dainty femininity.I greeted her with a hug, and her petite frame almost disappeared into mine. She’d come in with some of her family, and I couldn’t say what I would’ve liked, so I stepped back to engage a man I knew, but my eyes never left her. I tried not to be obvious, but deep down, I really wanted her to notice. Her presence draws me in a way that I cannot explain, and I would’ve liked nothing more than to have pinned her to a wall and ravaged her while she screamed my name. This wasn’t possible and certainly not appropriate, of course. Even a private conversation would have seemed a little out of place. I watched her as long as I could, but time was getting away, and I had to leave. My thoughts following brought up the same memory it always did.I still remember what her hair looked like. I still remember what she was wearing. The image of her sitting at that table waiting for me is forever imprinted in my mind.The time apart led us each to do our own thing for a while, and I’d love to say we each learned something apart that we couldn’t have learned together, that something good came from it, but for me at least, that wouldn’t be true. The truth was quite the opposite. It was torment … Torment in ways I wasn’t sure I could ever, or should ever, share with her. However, seeing her that day cemented something I already knew … I desperately wanted her back.With deep resolve and overwhelming nerves, I knocked on her door.Hello.“Hello, how are you?”I’m okay. I wonder if I could have a private word?Like always, I couldn’t help but notice what she was wearing. She looked really good in a T-shirt and jeans. I would’ve stared longer, but I was brought back into the moment when she said yes, then joined me outside and closed the door behind her. I had made the first move, and so she just looked at me and waited for me to continue.May I be bold? “Sure.” I want to date you.Her look was a mixture of surprise, maybe hope, and certainly hesitation. Hesitation won.“I don’t know…” I sighed deeply.Deciding to go all or nothing, I told her how I felt. Everything I’d gone through during our separation, all about my regret, everything about the negative path my life had taken, and how I blamed it all on that singular moment when I’d left her sitting alone. It was selfish and unfair to spring this on her at all, much less out of the blue, but I didn’t know what else to do.When I’d finished, I really didn’t know what to expect. I had know idea how she’d respond, but when I looked up, there were tears in her eyes. Then I’d told her I didn’t know where she was in her mind, that I didn’t know what she wanted, or who she wanted, but I couldn’t go another day without at least trying. I told her that I knew I wasn’t being fair, but I just had to know, and if she wanted me to walk away forever, I would. She’d turned away from me, obviously wiping tears, and I’d thought it was over. I’d said my peace, though, and now it was her turn.“I’m sorry. I had no idea. I thought, I hoped you were happy. You looked it, I mean, the pictures. Your life seemed so nice.”The pictures were a mask. Almost everything was a lie.“I had no idea you felt that way about me. I mean…  I hoped you did.” It’s true.“Do you really want me?” My God, yes, I want you. I want to drive somewhere and marry you right now, but we should probably date first. That made her laugh. It was a sweet sound.“When?” Now, if you don’t have anything to do.She laughed again. “I’ll be right back.”We dated for a while, each getting to know each other again. We grew close fast, helped, no doubt, by our shared history, and by the fact that I already knew I was in love with her. The night I proposed, we were surrounded by family, hers and mine. Her sister gave me a knowing smile, and said it was about damn time. I couldn’t agree more. I can’t describe the feeling of slipping the ring on her finger, but it was right. It was finally right.We were married in a small ceremony a short while later, surrounded by the same family. Our honeymoon was in a place neither of us had ever been, and our lips were locked when I carried her across the threshold. We were both shaking when I sat her down.“I love you; I always have.” I have always loved you, too, Baby. She launched herself at me, and I felt every inch of her body pressed against mine. My God, it felt so right.“You feel so good … don’t make me wait any longer.” As you wish.Her clothes disappeared and she finally stood naked before me. Her nerves took over and she looked at the floor and tried to cover herself. Don’t you dare. Look at me. Let me look at you. Her eyes met mine and her hands went to her sides. She was beautiful, breathtakingly beautiful. I stripped out of my clothes and watched her look at me. When my pants were gone, her eyes glued themselves to my cock.“It’s hard.” It’s hard for you.“Please…Please make love to me.” Yes ma’am. But first, I want to do something.I picked her up again and laid her on the edge of the bed. Then I opened her legs and swallowed hard at the sight of her pussy. She’d trimmed things up, but there was still dark hair framing her voluptuous pink lips. I could smell her from where I was, and it was almost enough to make me cum. Droplets of her arousal glistened in the dim light, and I wanted nothing more than to taste her feminine charm. It took great restraint, but I was determined to take my time.I kissed each foot and slowly made my way up her legs with licks, kisses, and nips. I was enjoying the whimpering sounds she made, and when I reached her inner thighs, I looked at her. Her eyes were half closed, her mouth was open, and her cheeks were flushed. Ever so slightly, she lifted her hips in invitation, and I smiled. This was going to be good.When my lips made contact, I felt her drop to the bed. Her hands reached for the back of my head and I dove in hard. The feel of her pussy against my tongue was electric. I explored every soft, wet inch of her lips… every crevice and every fold. Tasting, licking, nipping, and sucking I became extremely aroused and overjoyed at her cries and moans of pleasure. It was wonderful.Then I penetrated her tight, wet hole as far as I could with my tongue. God, she tasted good. She squeezed my head with her thighs as I tongue-fucked her pussy, and her muffled moans of pleasure grew louder and closer until she emptied her lungs and filled my mouth with her cum. Her legs fell open and she was breathing hard. I slid up her body and pulled her into me just as she started crying. I held her tight and she pasted her body to mine. Long minutes passed until she looked at me.“I love you so much.” I love you too, Baby.“Please don’t ever stop calling me Baby.” Never.She kissed me hard and wiped my chin with her tongue.“God, I love the way I taste on you.”Her kisses moved lower to my neck, across my chest, then down my belly. When she reached my dick, I raised to my elbows to watch. Her eyes locked on mine, and she licked slowly up the side until she reached the tip. When she did, she grinned and engulfed half my cock. I felt the tip touch the back of her throat, and she started bobbing her head. The sight of her small mouth moving up and down my shaft, the feeling of her wet tongue doing such wicked things, and the sounds she was making as she sucked were doing me in. I wasn’t going to last long and I told her that.She pulled her mouth off my dick with a little pop, said, “I know, Baby. I want you to cum in my mouth.”I quickly reached the point of no return. Shit, Baby! I’m cumming! I’m cumming! I could feel it flow all the way up my cock and into her mouth. She looked rather proud of herself, and still carrying a mouthful, she slithered up my body and kissed me. The snowball was shared and swallowed between us as our tongues dueled in heated fervor.I rolled us both so that I was on top and pinned her arms over her head. The sight was an erotic dream come true. A delicate sheen of sweat covered her creamy skin. Her hair was tousled and her mouth was a sticky mess. Her breasts rose and fell with her breath and her nipples were hard and pointed. She said my name, then began moaning and writhing her body against mine. She wrapped her legs around me, locked her ankles, and pulled my hips to hers. My cock had never deflated, and I silently thanked God for the stamina. I slowly rocked my hips and enjoyed the feeling of her hair against my sensitive tip. I could’ve came again right there but she spoke up.“Fuck your wife. I need you to fuck me.” I didn’t need to be told twice.Lining up my cock with her wet hole, I slid it inside. It was exquisite. Her tight pussy gripped my cock as I thrusted slowly. She looked so beautiful like this, and I told her so. With her arms still pinned, I picked up my pace. My hips bumped hers and her whole body moved with each thrust. Her moans and dirty words urged me on, and I never wanted to stop. This was good, this was really fucking good. She raised her head and I lowered mine, and for a few minutes we kissed with my dick never slowing its pace.Wanting more, though, I released her arms and turned her over. She whined when I pulled out, but quickly lay on her stomach. I got off the bed and pulled her body till her ass was on the edge of the bed. Then I lowered her feet to the floor and grabbed both hips. Lining up my cock, I plunged in. She cried out in pleasure, then immediately noticed the mirror. She raised up on her hands and took in the sight. I watched her watch us till the vision of her swinging boobs stole my attention. She made a sound and I looked up to see her eyes burning into mine through the reflection. Then she repeated the words she’d said when I’d first told her how I felt.“Do you really want me?” Yes, Baby. I really want you.“Then don’t hold back.”This awoke something deep within, and I did my best to pound her into the mattress. We both gave in to the pleasure and the sounds we made were almost inhuman. This wasn’t making love any more. Her arms gave out and she fell to the bed screaming my name. That did it. I plowed into her and held it while my cum splashed her walls, then felt her own juices coat my balls and thighs as she had her release. I was out of breath. She was out of breath.I laid down on her back until my cock slipped out, then I moved up beside her cuddled her wet body. We silently breathed for a few minutes, then she spoke.“Do you really want me?” I teared up at this. Yes, Baby. I really want you. With all my heart, I really want you.“Good.” Raising up on an elbow, she said, “These are my terms. You can be whoever you want, you can do whatever you want, and you can go wherever you want, but I will never leave your side.” With my tears still flowing, I kissed her with all the feelings I had. I accept your terms.She kept her word and I kept mine. Not that long ago, I couldn’t imagine being this happy. I looked to my left where she was sitting and thanked God for second chances.