We had just gotten to our hotel suite, and Vanessa was readying herself in the bathroom. I sat on the edge of the bed nervously and tapped my fingers on the blanket. I didn’t know what to expect.I was virgin in every sense of the word, having never had physical sexual contact with another person yet. Heck, I hadn’t even held hands with a woman until Vanessa. I did it once at a fast food joint after our shared meal, and by that time, I already had a few gray hairs.So you can understand my sense that I was a bit behind the times, and was worried I would come across as clumsy or otherwise embarrass myself now that this moment I had desired for years and years was a reality, and I was a husband.As for her, even though she was a little bit younger than me, she was decidedly more confident and mature when it came to relationships. She had been more relaxed about things than I had been growing up, and had been more popular with the boys in her youth than I had been with the girls in mine. But still, she had saved PIV intercourse for her wedding night, so that would be completely new to her as well.As Vanessa had become very focused on our shared Christian faith a year or two before we met, by the time we got romantic with each other, we were both very cautious about what we did and tried to save as much as we could for marriage. We hadn’t even kissed each other on the lips until we were pronounced man and wife only a few hours before this story takes place. Still, I did get a few tantalizing views of quite a bit of her cleavage before marriage, like when we went swimming together, or when she’d bend over and remove my shirt and give me massages after work sometimes, and once she even let me see her in a t-shirt with no bra on underneath. So, I admit we did have some steamy moments, including her pushing her ass and rounded hips against me on one or two occasions. “Just an appetizer,” she had said.But our steamy moments had never progressed to actual nudity or to anything that would have otherwise induced an orgasm. Kissing had been scarce, and limited to the sides of our faces, or, when we were really pushing things, each other’s necks and arms. I was nervous about what the sudden change in sexual dynamic would bring because we had waited. I had learned a lot about purity and waiting for marriage growing up in the church, but I felt abandoned in this moment, thinking to myself that they never really told me about what I was supposed to do when my wedding night finally came. It dawned on me that it wasn’t going to come naturally or spontaneously to me, which I think had been the assumption of my pastors and teachers. At any rate, I knew there would be a lot of big changes in my life and in my relationship with Vanessa, starting tonight.Vanessa sauntered out and stood in the middle of the room as I rose to meet her. She kissed me on the lips and asked me to undress her. I was so nervous, but my shaky fingers went to work. Her gown fell, and she didn’t flinch or react, only looked at me with an expression of seduction. Her painted eyelids appeared like a sunset in the warm light of the room as she stood there in her lingerie, striking the subtlest of sensual poses. I noted the nice touch of a long pearl necklace that accentuated her cleavage, a matched a pair of pearl bracelets on her wrists, pearl earrings that graced her pink earlobes, and a golden pearl headband, which had so exquisitely corralled her coarse, caramel-chocolate waves during our wedding.This was clearly not the first time she had shown off her body, and just her sexual confidence alone, not to mention the care taken in the presentation of herself, was nothing short of alluring. The lingerie was pleasant to look at and hugged her soft curves nicely, but the fabric was a nude buff color that just didn’t quite match her skin tone. I am the sort of person who finds humor in everything, especially in stressful situations, and I stifled a chuckle, disguising it as a cough, and didn’t mention it to her, for fear of ruining her moment.I let my eyes explore her, walking around her slowly and taking it all in. I had seen a lot of softcore porn of the Playboy variety in my youth, and I sometimes had to see nudity of varying degrees as a result of my work, so I wasn’t uninitiated in how a female body might look. If anything, I had held a mix of excitement heading into this moment at the thought of seeing Vanessa’s larger curves undressed. I also has some apprehension about how my body would react to seeing a heavier woman in the nude, since while growing up, I had been interested almost exclusively in petite, athletic girls.Several girls came to mind: slim redheads and Japanese girls I had been interested during my college days, but whom I had not been successful in getting a date with. I tried to replace them with thoughts of Vanessa and how luscious her curves were.I tried to stay focused on my best friend, and remember all the things that attracted me to her, from her soft voice, to her playful personality, to her sultry dancing. I also knew Vanessa had worked hard to lose weight for our wedding, and that she was trying to look her best for me, and my heart swelled with appreciation for her.As I looked her over, I thought about how she indeed looked beautiful. Her broad hips and round ass were quite impressive, and I noticed that the flared curves spilling out from under her panties had a more tight, firm, toned look than I had expected. I turned my attention to her large breasts, still cupped in her bra. I looked at her face to gauge where she was at. Her almond-shaped, blue-gray eyes were dilated, giving them a decidedly darker appearance. Her bosom was rising and falling rapidly, and her breathing sounded a bit shallow. Her expression was one of controlled excitement, pride, hopefulness, and a bit of apprehension as she was savoring this long awaited moment: her wedding night exhibition of her body to her new husband.I continued to walk around her and enjoy the view. At one point, as I walked behind her, I let my hand slowly caress her ass through the fabric of her panties, eliciting a slight gasp from Vanessa, before I pulled my hand back and continued to look and walk around her. I felt a sense of letdown emanating from her, as if she had silently hoped I would continue to caress and grope her luscious curves. The irony struck me that, while I was enjoying the view, and I could do anything I wanted, I was really starting to feel my own courage evaporating. I figured my clothes would be coming off at some point too, and I couldn’t escape the thought that she had never seen me naked. To my knowledge,nowoman had ever seen me naked, and I began to worry about how I might compare to what Vanessa had seen in her past.As my anxious thoughts overwhelmed me, I sensed her mood slowly begin to shift with the passing seconds. Her face took on an expression of slight confusion and worry at my lack of action. “Um, you know you can touch anything you want…take off anything you want?” she said slowly with a wave of her hands over her body, a hint of suggestion mixed with bewilderment growing in her voice. After a pause, she added, “When I was in high school and college, my dates were always trying to get under my clothes. If a boyfriend ever got this far with me, it was like he was a kid in a toy store. And the girls?” she shuddered. “They were even worse! I can’t even tell you how many times they were always poking and grabbing at these—” she gestured dramatically to her breasts “—just to see if they were real.”There was a tense silence of several seconds before she spoke again, a hint of apprehension straining her voice. “I thought men loved big boobs. Have I lost my touch or something?” she asked incredulously.“Oh, no” I replied, reaching nervously to unclasp her bra, which I did clumsily, having never dealt with one before. She helped my trembling fingers, and the bra fell away from her large, fleshy bosom like a rocket discarding its boosters. I let out a muttered curse word at the sight; they were indeed impressive. Most stunning to me were her large, round areolas. They were bigger and bolder than most of the ones I had ever seen in softcore porn, so I immediately knew they were unusually large. For reference, I eventually measured the diameter of Vanessa’s areolas, and they are between 4 and 5 inches across, the right one slightly larger than the left. As I just stood there, Vanessa, still looking at me, finally took matters into her own hands—literally—and began rubbing and massaging her large breasts in front of me. Her face expressed a mix of arousal and worry as her eyes began to close.After I had watched her for about thirty seconds, she slowly dropped her hands and opened her eyes, searching mine in bewilderment and concern. “The last time a guy saw me doing this, he got so turned-on that he came hands-free. Am I just not appealing to you? Have I put on too much weight these last few years?” she asked with a sorrowful tone. She reached for my hands and pressed them squarely onto her breasts as if begging them for reassurance.“No, Baby Girl!” I said nervously before adding, “I suppose some men just need a bit of a nudge.” I had never touched a boob before, unless you count nursing as a small child. I didn’t really know what to do with them, as I had never watched pornography depicting sexual encounters, and I had been fairly sheltered growing up. This wasn’t coming to me as naturally as I had thought it would.So I tried to repeat the motions which Vanessa had just demonstrated, while I took over gently massaging her creamy, pendulous orbs of flesh. They felt soft, but firm at the same time. The way the large breasts moved around under the motions of my hands reminded me vaguely of the motions of a water bed, but not quite.At this point, I began to feel the soft stirrings of a partial erection in my pants, having been completely impeded up to this point by my crippling performance anxiety. In the soft, warm light, the appearance of Vanessa’s breasts reminded me a bit of large scoops of the more pricey French Vanilla ice creams, with rich creamy yellowish undertones that, unlike the comparatively darker skin above on her upper chest and neck, was untouched by the gaze of the sun.Struck by the color of her breasts, I playfully asked her, “Do you have any French heritage? The color of your untanned skin reminds me a bit of yellow French Vanilla ice cream with a touch of honey and pink peach.”She laughed, the tension in the room broken a bit, before replying, “Oh, Honey, you know I’m a mixed bag when it comes to heritage.”I lifted my hands and investigated those halos once more. I just couldn’t get over them. But Iwasslowly starting to get over my butterflies.Her large, feminine areolas had a soft, cocoa-brown color at first glance that looked very dark in the dim, romantic light of our hotel suite, with rich undertones almost reminiscent of the gray-black of Australian licorice. But on closer examination, I realized that there was more of a strong coral hue behind them than I had first realized, the licorice undertones being more secondary and subtle, but perhaps showing up more pronounced due to the dim light. The coral hue got even more pink and pronounced as it reached the center of her breasts, which rose in large, firm, pink nipples as the blood rushed to them due to her latent arousal. I found myself wanting to put one in my mouth.Vanessa, sensing my increasing arousal, arched her back, pressing her bosom further toward me.“John?” her soft voice came shakily, dripping with a desperate arousal and a vulnerability that made my heart ache. “I’m not going to be shy with you. I know I’m a busty girl. I’ve been told these are magic breasts.” As she said this, she wrapped her wrists and hands around the base of her two breasts, cupping and lifting them toward me, her eyes a mix of longing and honesty. “I just want to be loved on, John. It’s been so long…you know I’ve been living for the Lord these last several years. Please love me, John…”I could feel my walls of inhibition and anxiety breaking down as I listened to the desperate, heartfelt plea of my best friend. My mother comes from a culture where children are traditionally weaned at a later age, so I still definitely remembered how to suck on a nipple. Before I knew it, I had latched on to one of Vanessa’s quivering nipples. I heard her sudden intake of breath as I did so, as I felt her hands suddenly grip the back of my head, her fingers grasping and pulling my raven-dark hair as she urgently pressed me into her. I was suddenly overcome by the delicious smell of my wife’s breasts and became overwhelmed with emotions. (Vanessa would later tell me I had cried several times during our lovemaking that night.)There was an exotic and heady mix of her own unique scent, the lingering softness of her body wash, and a hint of the body spray she had used earlier, which all combined with the rush of her own pheromones and the musk of her arousal.As we moved quickly to the bed, Vanessa was becoming more erratic and animal-like in her behaviors now. She pulled me roughly down onto her body as she fell across the bed, her only remaining clothing being the buff-colored pair of panties.I continued to suck her nipple, while one of my hands blindly groped, pressed, and fingered its twin as her other breast bounced freely beside me. Vanessa’s hands groped me wildly and passionately, her fingers pulling my articles of clothing off one by one as she moaned, as if I couldn’t be naked soon enough for her. She finally managed to pull my briefs off in the midst of our increasingly passionate sexual melee. I have a feeling that if someone were to walk in on us at that moment, it would have appeared to be a desperate struggle between two people, and I suppose in some ways, it was. Vanessa groped and wrapped her fingers around my now rock-hard erection, and moaned as she explored it with her hand.“You’re not small,” I heard her gasp between breaths.“You give me too much credit,” I managed to whimper in response.I began to whirl my tongue around her nipple as I sucked, her breathing becoming more and more rapid as she suddenly cried out. “Take me, John! Claim me! Make me yours!”Vanessa begged breathlessly, her moans coming hot and heavy.She reached down, and with one hand ripped away her already-wet panties, and with the other pulled my hard penis down and pressed it against her pearl-like clit, rubbing it against her wet engorgement. As she did so, her breasts bucked upward against me pleasingly. I cried out in a sort of pleasurable agony, having never quite felt this way before. She continued to rub my erect head against her clit and began to moan loudly, her vagina producing a thick cream that was deliciously coating me.“I think it goes… lower,” I gasped.I knew she hadn’t gone quite this far before, and I sure as heck knew I hadn’t. She let me take control, but her hand refused to release my penis, as if she had found some sort of treasure she didn’t want to lose. I attempted to move a bit lower and pressed hard against Vanessa’s still-intact hymen, as one of her hands held on to my erection for dear life, and the other was working hard on her engorged clit. At some point during this heady dance, Vanessa’s breasts still bouncing and moving intoxicatingly against my face and chest, I lost control.As I rolled halfway over, my penis started spasming deliciously, sending curtains of thick, white fluid all over the sheets and onto Vanessa’s glorious body, claiming it as my own. Her face contorted into an expression of intense pleasure as my seed rained down on her. She grabbed my wrist in a vice-like grip and forced my fingers down on her clit. Seconds later, a cry half-caught in her throat, I felt fluids seeping out onto my hand and her body began to stretch out in a rigid fashion, before suddenly relaxing and being overcome by something I can only describe as intense convulsions, and her breasts moved like two bowling balls tethered to a crumbling wall in an earthquake.**********We would go on to have sex more times that night than I can clearly recall. All I know is we didn’t sleep much that night. It was a wild night, only briefly interrupted by exhausted bouts of slumber.We performed passionate oral on each other, and we finally figured out intercourse some time after dawn, during which Vanessa came with a blood-curdling scream as I hit her g-spot. I would later find out that our loud lovemaking throughout the night made us something of legends to the hotel staff. They even lined up and congratulated me as we checked out of our room that morning, as if I was some sort of VIP. “Congratulations, sir!” several of the male hotel staff said to me as they shook my hand. They looked over at Vanessa (some of their eyes lingering a bit on her breasts, I might add), before looking at each other with wide grins and knowing smiles.But my favorite memory from that day was as I woke up that morning after a brief sleep in each other’s arms, our bodies still sticky with our fluids. As I stood up from the bed, I looked back down at my best friend, now wife. She was laying on her back, the sheets partly covering her voluptuous form, her breasts exposed and pointing towards the ceiling like domes. Her eyes were open, and she was looking at me with the warmest, most loving, contented smile I had ever seen in my life.No words were spoken, but it was as if time stood still in that moment, as the winter light of the growing morning outside cast a beautiful glow on my wife’s face, the messy waves of her hair spread across her pillow, and her majestic breasts basking in the light from the window like two towers, casting their own small shadows.But it was her expression! Her expression told me everything I needed to know. I have never forgotten the way my heart sang in that one moment, and I will treasure it with my very last breath.