John was ecstatic, like a young boy at Christmas.  He texted April that he was in love with her. And she responded that she was in love with him, also.John had been having very sexual dreams lately and felt that April was his dream girl. One day soon he hoped they would be man and wife. Until that day… John’s cock was long and hard as he closed his eyes and slowly stroked his cock.John and April were making out, and heavy.“Touch me,” April softly whispered.“I’ve never touched a girl before.”She smiled and said, “You’ve touched me many times in our dreams.”John softly touched her taught, shivering belly and slid his hand up under her shirt. He touched the underside of her large, bare breast.  April moaned as his hand barely covered her large breast. He felt her hard nipple poking the palm of his hand as he squeezed her out of pure instinct. This caused her to moan and push into his hand.  She pressed into his hand harder encouraging him to squeeze harder.He looked over her shoulder and she pulled her shirt up to let him see her big tits.  John was encouraged that he was pleasing her. He slid his hand down over the front of her denim shorts and ground his palm against her.  April ground herself against his hand as he pulled her button loose and unzipped her shorts.  John slowly slid his hand into her shorts and under her panties. He gasped and shook when he felt her pubic hair for the first time.April moans and wiggles as he pushes his hand lower, feeling the soft folds and wetness of her pussy.  He trembles as he is unsure what to really do.  April continues to fidget and gasps as his finger finds her erect clit.  April writhes and grinds against his fingers harder and faster.“Yes, oh yes.” she cried out over and over. Her body convulses and John feels a very warm and slippery liquid covering his hand.  She slowed her wiggling and let out a big sigh.Turning to face him and taking his face in her hands, she said “I love you. That was simply amazing and so beautiful.”She looked down and saw his large cock in his shorts that had been poking her in the back. Smiling at him, she reached out and squeezed his cock with both her hands.  John shook and his cock throbbed in her hands.  April pulled his shorts away from him.  She gasped when she saw his big, long, thick cock.  She moaned as she wrapped one tiny hand and then her other around his cock.“Oh, my baby, it’s sooo big.”  April started sliding her hands up and down it.“Oh, April, that feels amazing.”She saw the clear liquid seeping out and wetting his cock and her hand.  She lowered her head and licked it, tasting his pre-cum. Mmmm, salty and sweet.  April longed to taste his cum.  Faster she stroked and John was thrusting up into her hands. He cried out as his cock exploded straight into her open mouth.  Hitting the back of her throat making her gag, but she quickly swallowed that load and the next.  It was too much for her and she pulled back. She felt his cum spray all over her face and she savored his salty and pungent yet delicious cum.John jumped as he felt his cum shooting all over his face and body.  He continued to stroke until he was covered in his cum.  He felt embarrassed, and yet so turned on as he tasted his own cum for the first time. It was just as April described in his fantasy, and he smiled.  He texted April good night and that he would see her for breakfast. And, of course, that he loved her.John rolled over and fell fast asleep, wondering what he would dream of tonight.