Auntie sent me and two cousins with supplies to clean the cabin on the other side of the farm.  I hurt and the walk was long.  My cousins who are younger were giggling.“What’s so funny?” I asked.“How you are walking and all the noises you and Luke made last night, sounded nothing like mother and father.”I laughed.  I never thought of auntie being amorous with uncle.  However she did birth eight children.  Once we cleaned the cabin and made it presentable.  Luke would have to make repairs but we had a clean bed to lay upon.  Auntie brought up some meat and vegetables.  Auntie did not show her love outward often.  She hugged me.“I love you as my own child.  Find happiness in your husband always and take care of him and he will you. The men are planting and will not be in till they can not see and animals are tended to.” Then she left.It was a beautiful and cool night.  I sat on the stoop and waited for my husband.  It felt lonely and I experienced an ache in my body from missing my husband.  I saw the barn lights go dim and my husbands’ image making his way to me.  He was spent and fell heavy into me.  I took his hand and led him into our cabin.“Undress my love” I said, as I poured heated water into the tub.I turned and saw him naked and his manhood was not aroused for the first time.  He stepped into the tub and I stood on a stool and poured water over his body.  He was staring right at my large breasts under my dress.“No corset?”“Does my husband not like my breasts free now?”  I joked. He continued to stare at my bouncing breasts, as I soaped his hair and face.“Yes, I adore your breasts and every bit of your body I desire.”  I moaned.“I love the way you touch me. When I was with wife before she would never touch me or look if I was naked.”Pulling back, I said “That is sad. I love seeing your body.  And touching you, seeing you, makes my body tingle with desire.”“Turn around” he said.I did as he told me and shivered as he unbuttoned my dress and pushed it from my shoulders.  He gasped and ran his hands down my back and rubbed my arse. Quickly he spun me around, lifted me from the stool, and set me on the floor.  I gasped when I saw his manhood fully aroused.  I reached out and took his manhood in my hands.“Will I always arouse you my husband.”“I can’t forsee ever not being aroused.”“Did your wife arouse you.”“At first.  But it became a chore. She offered her wifely duties nightly, but there was never anything like what we have.”I let go of him and took his hand leading him to our bed. Laying on my back, I spread my legs open wide.  His eyes went wide and lips smiled as he told me to roll over.  I was nervous but I trusted him.  When I was face down, I looked back and he rubbed and spanked my arse.  I shreaked and moaned as he did it again.  I pushed back as he continued.  He suddenly stopped and stood up staring at me.“What is wrong husband? Were you not enjoying me?”“Yes, but were you enjoying me?”“My dear husband, you showed me things more that I deserve, great feelings and love. For me, I receive those feelings when I gave myself to you.  For as long as we are of this world, I will not deny you ever of a need or desire.”He smiled, grabbed my hips, and pulled me up, my knees bent under me, and my head on the bed.  Taking his manhood in his hand, he rubbed it against my sex.  I moaned and wiggled against him.  He moaned.“You are wet with honey.”He pushed forward and I stretched around him.  Slowly, ever slowly, he pushed into me.  I delighted in this new feeling of how much my channel stretched, and every ridge on his manhood.  I gripped and screamed into the bedding as he pushed into the very depth of my womb.  Pressing and rubbing a spot deep within that was painful yet pleasurable.  Luke moaned.“Your body fits around me like a glove.”I wiggle on him as his words aroused me more.  He moaned as I made his manhood move around inside me.“My love, your manhood fills me, feels delightful inside me.”He moaned and squeezed my arse and I wiggled harder and faster.  There was no build up. Suddenly my womb vibrated and my honey released over his manhood and ran down my legs.  As his manhood released his seed over and over inside me, I was shaking wildly.  Falling onto the bed, I looked back as his seed shot over my back and splashing on my face.  I lay there again in total euphoric bliss as Luke grabbed a cloth.  His seed ran onto my lips and i couldn’t stop myself. I licked my lips and tasted his seed.  Luke saw me and smiled as I tasted his seed and moaned.“Seems I married a harlot.”I should have been offended but it turned me on.  I’ve been married but three days and find our sexual relations wonderful and very addictive.