Norm and Rachel – Part 4 of 4Direct HitIn the past eighteen months, Rachel and Norm’s experience of painful loss and disappointment challenged them in several ways, including the expression of their love for each other in a sexual way. Determined to recapture the wonder and excitement of the early months of their marriage, their beach vacation time focused on expanding their private library of erotic videos. Using her skills as a professional photographer, she explored new ways of capturing on film their sexual activity, whether it was making love on the beach or Norm screwing her in their bedroom.Rachel had also studied dance. As a member of an amateur ballet troupe, she had access to a small dance theatre. Norm considered her proposal and agreed they should create an erotic dance routine to add to the video collection. In the video’s final production, photos taken on the weekend they met were combined with fantasy photos they created later, along with portions of the soundtrack from a popular movie.A cloying cloak of dry ice blackness blankets the empty stage. The chime of a tubular bell shatters the silence. Flashes from several spotlights illuminate the stage. Rachel is standing in the center of the stage, facing stage right. She is naked.Blackness.Another striking of the chime shatters the stubborn silence again. The spotlights reveal that Norm has joined Rachel on the stage, standing 10 feet behind her. He is also facing stage right and is naked. Unquestionably, he is sexually aroused.Blackness.A third chime, then silence. Multiple flashes of light create a slow stop motion effect. Norm’s hands are clawing at Rachel’s breasts and pelvic area. Her head is tilted back towards her lover. Her mouth is open, her eyes are shut. Her left hand hides the erection she is squeezing, while he humps her ass. The fingers of his right hand are between her legs. Her chest is rapidly rising and falling.Her legs give out; she falls to her knees and rocks forward to rest on her hands. Norm continues to hump and grind. He does not penetrate.Blackness. Norm changes the settings and the bullet vibrator thrusts Rachel into a yawing chasm of a sensual abyss. She screams, overwhelmed by the impulses that rip through her being.Light returns. Rachel is still on her knees and leaning backwards, but is now facing Norm. Enticing him to his own finish, she places her right hand between her legs. As the lights dim, the scene climaxes when Rachel is bathed in cum.A fourth chime.Multiple hues of orange and red bathe the ocean’s waves as the sun’s disk dips to the horizon. A four-poster bed in the middle of the picture breaks the indistinct line between ocean and beach. A couple, seen in profile, approach the bed, one from the left side of the screen and the other from the right.They approach each other in slow motion strides. He is focused and determined to catch his prey but she twists away and manages to elude her predator. He persists. Accepting the inevitable, she submits to his embrace and surrenders to his tongue in a French kiss. Their dance is orchestrated by drumbeats and several strikes of the chimes. Slumped into his arms, he drags her to the bed.Blackness. The video’s soundtrack begins to play the piano and guitar duet of the Top Gun anthem.Rachel is standing in front of the bed, facing the camera. Norm is kneeling in front of her. She pinches and twists the nipples of her breasts. The other hand presses his head into her crotch.Writhing in cunnilingus, she experiences flashbacks. Photos at the beach. Volleyball action shots. Norm checking her out. An erection saluting her boobs as he jumps up to set the ball. He on top of her when they misjudge the spike. A quiet conversation in front of a campfire. A romantic walk along the beach. Her wedding day. Walking down the aisle. Revealing her glory to Norm on their wedding night.The video fades to nothingness, leaving only the audio of a woman’s sexual convulsions.Several measures of a series of piano chord progressions signals the first repeat of the theme.The pair have traded places. She grasps at his manhood and lowers her head to submit it to her lips and tongue. In a fellatio stimulated state, Norm imagines Rachel coming up out of the water. Photos of the group assembling for a game. A topless Rachel approaches the volleyball court. She cups her breasts with her hands, taunting her teammate. Her eyes invite him to “take me,” yet she backs away from his approach. A nude Rachel in mid-air, at the peak of her jump, about to spike the ball. Boob eye candy. Norm sprawled on a blanket, Rachel’s breasts dangling above his face, his tongue teasing a nipple. Rachel on her haunches between Norm’s legs. Squeezing on his erection and slowly stroking him, her eyes looking to his, taunting him to take her. Norm pinning her wrists to the blanket and penetrating.Rachel licking off the cum that has splashed across her lips.Another set of chord progressions on the piano.Blackness.The lovers climb up onto the bed. Their play continues as she offers a breast and then another to his mouth. The sound of their pleasure hovers in the background behind the notes of the piano. The video switches between several images. Norm pulling a nipple into his mouth. Rachel stroking his cock. A hand groping at a breast. A tongue approaching a pussy. Rachel reclining, legs spread wide. Norm filling her.Another set of chord progressions introduces an extended musical bridge featuring the guitar. The image of two writhing and twisting bodies on the bed flashes in an out against the backdrop of jet fighters in a desperate dogfight.The guitar and piano join in duet again. Norm approaches his lover from behind. Unlike the jet fighter desperate to escape the enemy behind him, Rachel twists and positions herself in front of him in a frenzy of twerking, hungry for him to explode into her.The piano strikes the first chord of the final set of progressions. The pianist pounds out the notes, striving to match the musical crescendo to the visual chaos and climax on the bed.She screams. He exhales a satisfying moan. Anxious to repeat the thrill, he pulls out and locks on again in sync with the second chord. A third chord. Locked, armed, and ready, the lovers hold their breath for the inevitable explosion. He cums at maximum thrust. Her vision blurs. Her senses spin out of control as she soars into the stratosphere. The piano’s pounding final chord; the firing of his missile. Sound effects shooting and strafing while his cum streaks to the target of his lover’s inner being.CreditsThe sun’s disk disappeares below the horizon while the movie’s few credits described Rachel and Norm’s contribution to the production. Filming, in their own bedroom, at the beach, and in the theatre took several weeks, and another several weeks went by while Rachel worked on editing when her regular work schedule permitted.A photo appears: Rachel, clothed only with an excited smile, is examining a medical test strip.A final credit stops in the middle of the screen. “The doctor confirmed you scored a direct hit during the production of this movie. Congratulations.”