When I think of the unfathomable love my Lord and Savior has for me, I’m so grateful and so undeserving. He loved me so much that he was willing to give his life for me. I will love Him and seek to honor Him all my days.The closest thing to Christ’s love for us is modeled in a God-centered marriage.Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her…~Ephesians 5:25As I write, I’m overwhelmed with emotion over how much my husband truly loves me. Every day he expresses his love to me. He honors and respects me. He cherishes and treasures me as if I am a priceless jewel.  Even when I don’t feel sexy or lovable, he compliments me. He is my greatest encourager and cheerleader. He’s kind, compassionate and loving. We make a great team!Having said all that, there is one big bonus: the unfathomable pleasure he gives me!As I write, I’m daydreaming about several recent encounters we have enjoyed together! He is definitely not a selfish lover; he goes above and beyond to explore ways to bring me incredible pleasure.We’ve been married for 36 years, and sex continues to get better and better. The more we learn to communicate, the more trust we have in each other, and the more we are willing to just let go and totally give in to the pleasure we can give to each other. Sex becomes a spiritual experience between two lovers.Sunday, we went to church and then went out for lunch. When we came home, I put the love blanket on the bed and turned on our sexy playlist. We started to kiss, rub, and grind as we slow-danced, gradually undressing each other. He caressed my breast as I cupped his balls.I moved to sit on the edge of the bed, pulling him close so I could stroke, lick, kiss, and suck his wonderfully delicious hard cock. I took my time licking up and down the shaft as I tugged his balls. Then I grabbed his sexy, firm butt and sucked all of him into my mouth. I moaned in enjoyment as he squirmed, begging me to stop so he could taste my pussy. I teased him a little more, then lay back.He knelt between my legs as I spread them wide, offering myself to him. Kissing all around my mound and inner thighs, he worked his way closer to my wanting pussy. He kissed my clit incredibly softly, breathing his hot breath onto me.I shivered. “Mmmmmmm. Ohhhhh, baby, yes.”He flattened his tongue and licked from the bottom to the top of my slit—very slowly—several times before licking the inner sides of the labia, then making large circles that incrementally grew smaller. Taking my clit into his mouth, he lightly sucked.“Oohhhh, yes. Ohhhh, baby, yes!”He pulled away, leaving me begging, to lick from the bottom to my glory hole and thrust deep.“Ohhh, fuck!”He tongue-fucked me a few times until I let go, and my juices covered his face as I had my first orgasm. I heard his moans of pleasure as I drenched his face.Though I was already so wet, he grabbed the Uber lube and covered his cock because the slicker, the better.  Then he got on his knees on the bed and slapped his cock on my mound several times as I quivered, wanting him so badly. He looked so sexy. Oh, how I wanted him.He rubbed the tip of his cock up and down my clit, slightly dipping inside before repeating the sequence several times. He gave me that sexy look as he continued until I gushed again with another orgasm.“Please give me that cock, baby. I gotta have you,” I begged him.He kissed my nipples, teasing me as he slowly slid inside.I screamed as he went deep; I felt his balls slap my pussy. My hands settled on his hips, showing him the tempo I needed. He followed my lead, and we synchronized, in harmony—this perfect orchestration of love.I told him that I love him and that fucking him is my favorite thing in this world. As we listened to the sexy lyrics of a song by Tank: “When I go deep / touching your soul / I’ll make you come over, and over, and over / I’ll fuck you slow…He rode me with steady, long strokes at medium tempo, then thrust hard as we both came.“Ohhhhh, fuuuuck!” I screamed.He groaned as he gave me his first load, but he stayed hard. Pulling almost out of me, he gave little thrusts, then a few long slow deep ones.“Ohhhhh, baby. That’s it. Fuck your horny bitch. Ohhhhhhhhh, I’m cumming again! Oooo000—fuuuuuuuck!”He let me ride the wave and begin to catch my breath before repeating it all over, again and again, and I came several more times. Then he focused more on my nipples. As he continued to thrust, slow and deep, he sucked and licked my nipples in just the right way to bring me to another orgasm. As I began to climax, he thrust deep and held.At that point, I started to shake. I could no longer form words, just moan and whimper. “MMMM. Ohhhhh, mmmmm. Yeeeeessss. MMMMMMM!”He continued until I squirted all over his balls. My body convulsed as I crescendoed into a full-body orgasm!Overtaken with desire like waves crashing on the rocks, he came again, grunting as he gave me another load. Amazingly, he still remained hard! He held me and continued to enjoy my pussy.I was seeing stars.He pulled out and went down on me, making me cum again; that is always such a turn-on to me. Then he fingered me deeply until I came. Then he was ready for more. He fucked me again until he gave me another hard load. We came together; it was incredible!!!!He pulled out and lay in my arms as he softly rubbed my clit to a couple of more orgasms. He was still hard, the amazing effect and benefits of his testosterone injections! Worth every penny!I got on my knees with my pussy within arm’s reach, and he finger-fucked me as I sucked his cock to a fourth climax. This time, he shook and convulsed as he came. His climax was so intense, though he didn’t have much cum left.Afterward, we relaxed contently in each other’s arms, savoring the moment as we listened to music. What a great way to spend the Sabbath Day of rest.Thanks, baby, for the great memories we are making together. Thanks for giving me pleasure beyond what I could ever fathom! This is as close to heaven on earth as we can get!Love you always, babe!