It’s late when I arrive home after work, so I quietly lock up and head up the stairs. Entering our bedroom, I notice a flickering light from the partly closed bathroom door and the sound of running water.  I walk closer and can hear Lacy moaning, so I peek inside. My sexy wife is lying back in the large soaker tub with her legs over the sides, raising and lowering her pussy against the hard blast of water coming from some sort of contraption attached to the faucet. It looks like a waterslide for toy boats or rubber duckies, but those aren’t what Lacy was using it to play with!I’m shocked and definitely aroused as I didn’t think Lacy masturbated. She’s a little shy about touching herself during sex, and when I asked her a few times if she does masturbate, she said no.  She certainly wasn’t comfortable doing it with me. But I guess she decided it was time to explore and ordered this item. (I later found out it’s called theWaterslyde from Lovability.*)I watch the flow from the tap pound her pussy, her clit and labia bouncing under the force of the water. She pinches and rolls her nipples and moans as she continues to fuck the water stream.  While I observe, I remove my clothes and start stroking my ever-hardening cock as slippery precum oozes from the tip.Lacy starts panting and thrashing as she uses both hands to pull her pussy open. She thrusts up against the stream and cries out as her body shakes with a powerful orgasm. Then she sighs, smiling as she lowers herself under the water and giggles like she just got away with something that she wasn’t supposed to do.“Definitely gonna trythatagain,” she mumbles.Pushing aside selfish thoughts, I quietly gather my clothes and leave the room, not wanting to embarrass her or ruin her enjoyment of what she just let herself do.  I dressed hurriedly and wait till I hear her walking around upstairs, then close the door from the garage conspicuously.  The scurrying sounds from the bedroom let me know to take my time climbing the stairs again; she’s up to something.When I enter the candlelit bedroom, I see my sexy wife lying naked on the bed.  She smiles and slowly opens her legs.“I’ve missed you, baby,” Lacy says as her hands slide down her belly to each side of her pussy. She pulls her labia open and runs a finger between her pink folds and over her clit. She stares at me as she lifts her hips and slips a finger inside her pussy with a little gasp.“I’ve been a bad girl today,” tells me with a mischievous half-smile.I undress again, and Lacy sees my stiff cock, already throbbing and dripping. I wrap my hand around its shaft and stand at the foot of the bed, eyes riveted on her as she works a second finger into her pussy.Lacy pulls her fingers out and shows me the cream glistening on them before she slides them in again. She is now fingering herself gingerly while doing her best to watch me stroke my cock.  My orgasm’s building fast, and her moaning signals that hers is too.My precum flies around, landing on my hand and cock as I climb on the bed between her legs.  Thinking I’m going to fuck her, Lacy takes her fingers from her cunt, but I tell her, “Don’t stop. I want to see you cum.”Lacy bites her lip and arches her back as her fingers fuck and her palm slaps against her clit. Those sweet squeaks as her cum gushes out around her fingers do it for me.“Ohhh, fuuuck,” I cry out. It’s too much to take, and before I can squeeze to cut off the impending orgasm, my cock erupts! Rope after rope of cum shoots all over her, some landing on her face, tits, belly, and pussy.Lacy and I both freeze in shock—she has NEVER allowed me to shoot all over her. We stare at each other for a few long seconds, then Lacy smiles and starts rubbing my cum all over her and daintily licking her cummy fingers.I lie down beside her and take her in my arms. We drift off to sleep.*Affiliate link. Purchases after following this link result in a small commission that helps keep MH online. Thank you.