(L) – This story contains strong language.Cyd had been waiting for this moment for weeks.Her husband Bill was finally coming home from his business trip to Europe. She missed him dearly, but she also enjoyed the time alone. It gave her a chance to explore her own sexuality and desires. She would often record videos of herself masturbating, using her fingers, a dildo, and a vibrator until she came over and over again. She would then send these videos to Bill, knowing how much it turned him on.As she heard the sound of the car pulling up in the driveway, her heart raced with excitement. She quickly ran to the front door, totally nude, and waited for him to arrive. When he walked in, she dropped to her knees, ripped his pants down to his ankles without even unzipping them, and began to give him the most intense blowjob he had ever experienced. She could feel his warm cock growing harder and harder in her mouth, and she knew he was enjoying every second of it.Suddenly, she heard a gasp from outside. She looked up and saw that the front door had accidentally been left open, and an elderly couple walking by could see the lustful spectacle clearly. But she didn’t care; she was too caught up in the moment, and she continued to suck and lick his cock with reckless abandon.Bill, unable to control himself any longer, picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. He threw her onto the bed and began to devour her wet pussy, licking and sucking on her clit until she was moaning with pleasure. He then flipped her over and entered her from behind, pounding her doggy style as she screamed in ecstasy.They then switched positions, with Cyd on top, riding him reverse cowgirl. She could feel his long, perfectly-curved rocket hitting her g-spot with every thrust, and she knew she was close to cumming. She reached down and began to finger her clit, and soon she was cumming hard, her juices flowing all over his cock.Bill then picked her up and placed her on her back. He forced her legs wide and began to aggressively lick her sweet, shaved vulva again, this time focusing on her clit. She could feel another orgasm building up inside of her, and she begged him to fuck her again. He obliged, entering her so slowly until she was desperate with lust and began to buck up against him, driving him deeper and faster. She could feel his cock throbbing inside of her, and felt an eruption on the horizon.Suddenly, he pulled out and began to stroke his long, thick, dripping-wet cock. Cyd knew what was coming and opened her mouth wide. Bill then exploded, cumming all over her face and tits. She licked and sucked every last drop, savoring the taste of his cum.Before getting too soft, Bill reentered Cyds wet cave, drilling her like a jackhammer until Cyd screamed at the top of her lungs in sweet release. Waves upon waves upon waves of pleasure spasms washed over her. She was left shivering as if she was laying in the snow.They then cuddled up together, basking in the afterglow of their intense sexcapade. Cyd couldn’t believe how amazing the sex had been, and she knew that she would never get tired of Bill’s thundering cock. She couldn’t wait to explore even more of her desires with him in the future.The end.