Adam walked slowly through the garden, enjoying the peacefulness and beauty of that God has created.“Adam! Go forth and be one with Eve, made from thy flesh and a beauty for thee to behold.” God’s voice spoke unto him.Adam stopped and looked upwards towards heaven and said, “But Lord, I know not what you mean! You have given me many gifts and I am so grateful, yet this of what you speak is new to me.”“I have given you woman to be your companion. I have instilled in you the feeling of desire. Now go forth and lie with her, for this is my command unto you.” the Lord told him.“Dear Lord, because it is your will, it shall be done. I only ask that you give me the wisdom to do as you ask.” Adam replied.“Adam, I am here with you always! Now go forth and be with Eve by the waters of the garden,” God spoke.Adam continued to walk through the garden, his mind filled with thoughts of what the Lord had said unto him. He only wanted to do His will and had faith that God would instill in him the knowledge to do as he commanded.Adam found Eve standing by the babbling brook, just as the Lord stated he would. As he looked upon her beauty, her nude form soon filled him with a feeling he had never felt before. He had gazed upon her nakedness many times, but never like this.Adam walked up behind Eve and touched her shoulder. She turned to face him and smiled. He brushed her long flowing hair from her face. Her breasts looked full and enticing to his gaze. His cock began to fill with desire for her and become erect.“Woman, lie with me!” he said as he guided her to the ground.Tears formed in Eve’s eyes as she looked upon him, saying in a soft voice, “The Lord told me that you would be coming and to give myself unto you. Do as you will, for I am your woman, made from your rib to be your love.”Adam guided Eve to the soft grass of the garden, and his eyes took in her beauty. Her breasts rose and fell with each breath, her nipples firm and erect atop them. His eyes drifted to the patch of hair that covered the garden between her legs. Though he really didn’t understand it, he felt a hunger for her, a strong desire to be one with her.Though this was their first time, it seemed as if they had done this many times before. Adam looked into Eve’s eyes and mounted her. Eve opened her legs to him as she brushed her fingers down his cheek.“Ohhhh!” Eve groaned as she felt Adam penetrate her, inching deeper into her pussy.Adam’s eyes met Eve’s as he began to slowly thrust his hips. Working his dick in and out of her in a steady rhythm, he reveled in the pleasure he was feeling. Her pussy was so warm and wet. It seemed to welcome him. It was a feeling he had never felt before.Adam continued to fuck her, his thrusts becoming more rapid and urgent. Eve moaned and writhed beneath him until her body started to tremble.“Ohhhhhh! Oh, Adam! Ohhhhhhh!” she cried out as she experienced an orgasm. She was delirious with pleasure, though she didn’t understand exactly what was happening to her.Adam continued to thrust, her pussy pulsating around his cock as they fucked. Suddenly, a strange sensation arose from his groin. His breathing deepened and his body trembled a bit as he felt his dick pulse inside her. He had cum.After a couple of moments, Adam pulled out and lay beside Eve. Pleasure vibes seemed to radiate through his body. He felt as though he were floating on air. His cock softened and lay limp against his right upper thigh.Eve glanced at Adam with a soft grin, her legs still spread as his cum seeped from her pussy. Her body relaxed as she basked in the glow of the sex they had. Tears streamed from her eyes.“Did I hurt you?” Adam asked.Eve smiled and wiped the tears from her face and replied, “No, it was nice! Are you okay?”Adam sat up and said, “Yes, I am content and well! I just hope that I have done as the Lord instructed and not disappointed Him.”Suddenly a voice came from the heavens and said, “I say unto thee Adam, and thy woman Eve, you are no longer separate; you are as one flesh. Your bodies belong to one another. Be not idle in your desires nor refuse one another. For it is pleasing and beautiful to mine eyes.”“Thank you, dear Lord! Thank you for this woman Eve with whom you have blessed me. Also, thank you for the many blessings you have bestowed upon me!” Adam said as he took Eve’s hand and gazed toward the heavens.That night, Eve’s cries of pleasure echoed throughout the garden as Adam fucked her once more. Afterwards, they slept peacefully in each other’s arms.The next morning, Adam awakened and looked upon Eve’s sleeping nude body. His dick was erect and hungry for her once more. Reaching down, he touched his now hard cock. He wanted her so badly, but she was sleeping so peacefully and looked so beautiful. He didn’t want to disturb her.Without thinking about it, he began to slowly stroke his cock. His actions sent pleasure signals to his brain as he continued to stroke himself. Suddenly Eve awakened and watched what Adam was doing.Putting her hand over his as he stroked himself, she said, “Release your desire inside me!” She then got on top of him and guided his dick into her. Adam thrust upward into Eve’s cunt, feeling its warmth and tightness. Hegroaned loudly as he began to cum, his dick throbbing and releasing his nectar inside her with one last thrust.Eve looked down upon her man and smiled, thinking to herself, “Could things get any better?”The Lord was pleased, for this was good.God bless you all! And stay horny my MH family, for it is beautiful in God’s eyes.GG