It had been two days since they had married. While they had not fully made love to each other yet, they had been exploring each other’s bodies and had experienced climaxes together. They were both virgins but knew they could stimulate each other in other ways to cum.On the first day, he had been very excited when she had come out of the bathroom in nothing but a silky mini slip and straddled him on the bed. They had talked about waiting until they felt like they could build up to penetration slowly, so it would feel more natural and be more enjoyable, so for the moment, it was just exploration.Their passionate kissing made their bodies press together, and their hands stroked and squeezed. He became even more enthralled when she started rubbing herself on his leg and moaning. He could even feel her dripping wetness on his leg and got even more turned on. He had been hoping she would be loud, and he was not disappointed.For her part, she was relieved to finally feel the friction of his body on her clit, which she had been craving for months. It had been such an ache that required the pressure of his body to assuage, so when she came, she moaned loudly and collapsed on him. But immediately she needed more—more release, more of his body pushing on her slit.They started in earnest again, becoming bolder and touching less hesitantly. She felt herself beginning to build again, relentlessly rubbing on him. She gave short little cries with each thrust on his leg, getting louder with each one. He didn’t make much noise, mostly because he was so focused on the erotic noises she was making and staring at all the parts of her on display he had been wanting to see. He felt himself start to build, and he finally didn’t have to feel guilty about it. He came fast and hard as she groaned through another orgasm on his leg, squeezing on him for all she was worth to satiate that ache. Finally satisfied together, they had lain on each other, but knew there was more.On the second day, they had boarded a cruise ship for their honeymoon. After reaching their stateroom, they immediately stopped and rubbed each other off in a frenzy, still not getting enough of the incredible act of their bodies climaxing together. They were both getting impatient for something more, however—simply touching and rubbing wouldn’t be enough for long.That night, they went to the hot tub to unwind after a long day of travel and logistics. He was feeling horny as soon as they got in, fantasizing about being inside her tight hole. He wanted to feel her wetness on his dick as he slid in her all the way and then back out again. She still had that ache, that desire to be fully together and cum while he was inside her, feeling him fill her to the brim while she climaxed.It didn’t take long for them to leave the hot tub and return to the room, stripping off soggy swimwear as quickly as possible. They were both still wet from their dip in the hot tub, but they didn’t care. Naked and horny, they frantically kissed and finally found themselves on the bed.She knew what she wanted this time and how she wanted it.He was startled that she climbed on top of him, but was quickly on board with the idea, and his hard cock showed it, standing at attention and throbbing.She straddled him, wet with anticipation of taking him inside her and being stretched. She lowered herself quickly onto his member, not wanting to wait any longer. She moaned, almost a yell, when she took him into her. It was a delicious stretch.He was beneath her and marveling at her perky tits as she fitted herself onto him with no hesitation. She was so warm, so wet and tight. The next thing he noticed was her ass cheeks on his thighs, slowly moving. That was incredible!They slowly found a rhythm, both breathing quickly and keeping eye contact. She arched her back and cried out loudly as she felt how deeply he was penetrating her.He watched her tits lift and bounce. The noise of their bodies pounding together as they gained momentum was hot. She thrusted faster and faster, becoming so loud that everyone around must have heard. She gave a final arch and scream as she came and clenched her tight pussy on his dick. As he felt her cum, he had his own release, savoring the feel of his drawn out eruption as his body pulsed within her.They gasped together in their completion, amazed at the intensity of their lovemaking and how satisfying it had been. Afterward, they lay naked together in the afterglow, finally feeling full satisfaction.If you enjoyed this story and want to support MH in a small way, here is a link to one of our affiliate partners. We will receive a percentage of the cost of anything you purchase after clicking through, but your price will not be affected.