This post uses strong language (L) and mentions (but does not describe) anal penetration (A).(Mary Beth’s POV)Benjamin had just had his way with me again, not that I was complaining. I leaned up on my elbows, still breathing heavily, to get a look at his beautiful cock covered in our cum, then reached out and touched it soothingly.“Does my baby want more?” I asked seductively.“You know I can’t get enough of you,” he said. “But I’m gonna need a minute.”I slid off the island and sank to my knees. “Let me see if I can help.” I licked up and down his still-twitching cock, drinking up our cum. “Mmmm, you’ve got a beautiful cock, baby. I can’t get enough of it.” I took the slowly increasing length of it into my mouth and made a swallowing motion, giving the tip “throat hugs.”  Then I pulled back a touch until I had room to moan around it; I knew he loved the vibrations it transmitted to his glans and shaft. After drawing in a breath, I deep-throated him again, and his groan created a warm, heavy sensation from my heart to my dripping pussy. He started to grow harder now, but he wasn’t quite ready.“You know what I need?” Benjamin asked me.I look up into his eyes. “Wha…?”He grinned. “Don’t talk with your mouth full,” he joked, pulling me to my feet. Then he lifted me back onto the countertop and dragged a kitchen chair closer.When he sat and scooted up between my thighs, I nearly fainted. This was something he’d never done before, eating my pussy after filling it to the brim with his seed. As he tentatively licked my clit, I twined my fingers through his hair. Soon, I was gripping it tightly and moving it in circles, signaling the sensation I sought.His tongue orbited my clit, making occasional lapping motions that let him get a taste of our mixed elixirs. When I moaned, he looked up at me with a glistening smirk.“Ooh, does this turn my dirty girl on?”“Uh-huh,” I panted and tugged him back into place. He dove in with gusto this time and, within minutes, had me convulsing in orgasm. When I had settled, I looked between my knees to see him standing, his cock at full attention.“Are you ready for this?” He asked, a knowing look on his face.“Yes, yes, baby.” I nodded vigorously. “I need your cock.”“Whatdo you needexactly?”It seemed he wanted me to be explicit. I tucked my knees toward my chin and spun to hang my head off the island’s edge. “I need you to fuck my mouth and throat like you did my pussy.”Benjamin stepped forward and placed his palms over my ears, his thumbs under my jaw and fingers splayed across the back of my head. He brought the head of his penis to my mouth, and when I opened wide, it slid in slowly but steadily. I gagged a little, and he pulled out so I could swallow, then ran the head down my slippery tongue to my throat.This time, I remembered to open my throat wide with a yawning action and thrust my tongue out a little, which opened up the back of my mouth. Once Benjamin’s cock bottomed out, I swallowed, then pushed his shaft toward the roof of my mouth with my tongue as he drew back.“Fuck, you are so good at that,” he groaned, and my eyes crinkled at his praise.Once we’d established our rhythm, I reached down and fingered my clit with one hand while my other urged his hips forward after each backward stroke. If I gagged or he used a bit too much force, shifting my grip to the front of his hip signaled my need for a pause. A second or two to swallow and catch my breath was all it took before I gobbled him down again.“Mmmm, feel me taking your mouth and throat,” Benjamin crooned. “Oh, yeah. Yeah.”I could tell by his voice how close he was to cumming. He sped up, and drool ran out of the corners of my mouth. I refused to take a break, preferring the messiness to anything that would interrupt his progress toward climax. But without warning, he pulled out, grabbed my hand, and spun me around to a sitting position.“Where do you want my cum?” he asked, stroking his shaft, though avoiding touching the head for the moment.I considered for a split second, then hopped down and knelt in front of him again. “All over my face,” I told him. “I want to be covered in your cum.” I could see the pleasure and love in his eyes as I looked up at him.Benjamin’s breathing quickened as he stroked with more urgency, his fingers now closing around the tip. He pointed his cock at my face as several ropes of hot cum covered my cheeks and eyes, some going into my hair and more hitting my chin and dripping onto my tits.With a happy smile, I wiped my eyes and rubbed his cum all over my face, neck, and breasts, pulling a chuckle from him.“Mmmm.” Benjamin took my hands and helped me to my feet. “You never stop amazing me, Mary Beth.”In response, I only lifted my cum-covered tits to him. When he ducked lower to kiss and lick the cum from them, my head fell back in delight. “You still find ways to surprise me, too,”  I told him, then drew his sticky lips to mine for a tongue-tangling kiss. “Mmmm.”