(L) – This story contains strong language.Because I have to travel for work, they sometimes hold informational meetings for the families too. We had just gotten back from one of those, put the kids to bed, and started making out. The fact that we were about to be apart for a while must have been on her mind because she grabbed her phone, opened the camera app, and handed it to me.“Here,” she said. “Take some pictures so you have something to jerk off to while you’re gone.” This wasn’t unheard of, and I had by then acquired quite a collection of photos of my wife in the nude. Nevertheless, it was unusual enough for my heart to start pounding.I started to snap photos of her as she took off her shirt and bra and posed topless in her jeans. Next came the pants and undies, and she struck a variety of funny and sexy poses: planking on the floor, standing up and cupping her boobs, bending over the side of the bed, on all fours with her ass up in the air, laying on her side like a beach model and giving me sexy eyes…I couldn’t take it anymore. I tossed the phone onto the carpeted floor and leaned in to kiss her. Together we ripped my clothes off and scattered them about the room. She lay down on the floor with her legs spread, pulling me down on top of her. She was already very wet from our sexy photo shoot and I slid right in causing her to gasp and grip my shoulders. We kissed and began, fucking in missionary until she tensed and came. It did not take long since she was pretty hot already.We paused for her to catch her breath and I slipped out to switch positions. She rolled over onto her belly and I straddled her to fuck her in the “prone bone” position when something unexpected happened: she reached forward and picked up the discarded phone. My heart skipped a beat. We had maybe one or two photos of us naked together, but none while actually having sex, so I was excited.Then she switched from photo to video and my heart stopped.Never had I expected this of my usually conservative wife. Photos were one thing, but a video!?She handed me the phone and I quickly set it up against some furniture where the camera would have a view of us. Then I ran back to where she lay facedown, propped up on her arms with a sly sexy grin. Without wasting any time, I lowered myself on top of her, and slipped in.She gasped at my entry, and moaned as I began to hump her. I leaned forward to kiss her neck, and she grabbed my hand. She turned her head for a kiss, and when our lips parted I picked up the pace, making each thrust deep into her vagina.“Oh, yeah!” she cried as her moans became more desperate with each thrust. She turned her head and we kissed again before she broke away and buried her head in the carpet to stifle her cries. It’s so hot, hearing her moan and crying with pleasure, but the thought struck me that this isn’t the most visually interesting thing to watch. So I decided to change things up.I sat back, then pulled her up by the hips until she was up on all fours. I slipped my dick back into her and began to fuck her doggy style. The first couple thrusts were slow, but I quickly picked up the pace and soon she was moaning away, her swinging tits bouncing all over the place. My hips smacked off her ass and I could feel my balls start to tighten—a clear sign that I would cum soon if I keep this up. I was not ready to end this yet, so I slowed down.We rocked back and forth at a slow and steady pace. She reached back with a hand to grab my hip and pull herself up, opening up her chest and giving the camera a great view of her breasts. I couldn’t resist fondling one before she put her hand back down. After a few more slow, deep thrusts, she grabbed my hand and placed it onto her boob. I fondled it gladly and leaned forward to kiss her back.She put both hands back on the floor and I sat back up, pulling almost all the way out, then slowly pushing my penis in as deep as I could. My hands ran over her back and hips, then one found its way back to her boob. She moaned at my touch and placed a hand over mine, squeezing the soft flesh of her breast.We released her boob and continued our slow fucking. I reached forward to grab her hair, gently pulling on it. She arched her back and her head yielded to the gentle tugging on her hair. I leaned forward and kissed up her neck until our lips met in a brief kiss.I let go of her hair and she leaned forward again, a smile crossing her lips as I slowly pushed in and out. I then stopped and let her take over the movement. She moaned as she slowly slid forward and backward along my shaft. I loved the feeling as her muscles gripped my penis tighter each time she slid forward.She slid forward off of my dick and turned off the video, then rolled over onto her back and spreads her legs, her vagina exposed and begging for penetration. I lay on top of her and slid in, causing her to moan again. Leaning forward, I start recording a new video. I was still very close to cumming, and I knew I would not last long, so I took it slow.We kissed as I slowly thrust in and out. As our lips remained locked, she moaned into my mouth, running her hands through my hair and over my shoulders. I felt my balls tighten and soon I shot my load into her pussy. The feeling of my hot cum in her vagina triggered a small shuddering climax in my wife. Our lips finally parted, and we stopped the recording.Those first recordings were not great. We were backlit, the camera angle caught the top of our heads and shoulders more than anything else, and with the exception of the doggy style, the positions we used aren’t the best on camera. Since then, we have recorded ourselves multiple times, and while we are still very much amateurs, we have learned a few things about lighting, camera angles, and what positions to use that have improved quality a little. Despite its issues, I still love that first video and the memories it brings back.