After exhausting days settling into their new home, Anne woke one morning from a romantic dream in which she and Ron were showering together. Suddenly, she realized nature was calling, and if she continued to picture running water, she was going to have an accident. She hurriedly got up and, holding her gown between her legs, made a dash into the bathroom—but didn’t quite make it in time. Fortunately, a little pee on her nightgown was the only penalty.Anne stripped out of her gown, dropped it into the dirty clothes, and came back to the bedroom to get another. Through the back door’s window, she could see Ron sitting by his fire pit. He was in a lounge chair in his boxer shorts, having a cup of coffee. She went toward her underwear drawer to put on another gown before joining him.On the way, Ann saw one of Ron’s sleeveless athletic shirts on top of their folded laundry. Being smaller than her husband, she had occasionally worn it as a sexy shorty nightgown. Instead of a regular gown, she retrieved the shirt, thinking it might be fun to surprise him by wearing it this morning.Before heading out to join her husband, she surveyed herself in front of the mirror, and what she saw pleased her. The shirt was thin enough for her dark nipples to show through the white material, and if she raised her arms, more than her nipples would show from the bottom of the shirttail. The loose-fitting shirt also had large arm holes and as she moved, she knew (or maybe hoped) her breast might be exposed.Ron looked up as the backdoor opened. One glance, and he was grinning from ear to ear. He stood to give her a hug and passionate kiss. As he did, his hands slid through the large arm holes. Holding her naked back under the shirt, he pulled her chest against him to feel her teats. He freed a hand and ran it down her back to her bottom, massaging the softness of her cheeks as he pressed her pussy against his rapidly forming erection. He held her until she pushed him away so she could get a cup of coffee.As he sat back down, Ron watched as Anne squatted to pour herself a cup from the pot on the fire. He received a great view of her derrière. The athletic shirt wasn’t nearly long enough to be a substitute nightgown, and bent over as she was, it rose halfway up so only partially covered her cheeks. Even when she sat down in one of the chairs with her legs crossed, a tuft of curly brown hair peeked out from between her legs.They talked for a while, enjoying having a very private backyard. As she gestured in conversation, a nipple escaped from one of the shirt arm holes—not entirely by accident. She pretended not to notice for a few moments before tucking the errant teat back under the shirt.Finally, the coffee was gone, and the conversation dwindled. Sitting in the chair, Ron reached over and held Anne’s hand. She let him rest it on her thigh for a few moments and then picked it up. Directing his hand through the armhole, she rubbed its palm on her bare teat to make the nipple grow hard, and Ron willingly massaged it, feeling its suppleness. Anne closed her eyes and leaned back to enjoy his affection.Then she rose and stretched, raising her arms high in the air. The athletic shirt rose up until the bottom didn’t even cover her waist. She knew all her female bits were showing, and she didn’t care. She wanted to see that cute little grin he got each time he saw her naked. She let him look for a few moments and enjoyed watching his erection try to escape his boxers before she pulled the shirt off over her head and tossed it to him.The bulge in Ron’s undershorts was having as much effect on Anne as her nakedness was having on him. She began to sense female lubricant leaking from her vagina. She took a couple of steps to where he was sitting, and when she got closer, he reached out and caught the sides of her hips, drawing her near enough to kiss her feminine lips.The taste and smell of her pussy reminded him of a freshly planted field. He thought of the passage in Song of Songs referring to Solomon’s wife as having lips dropping the sweetness of the honeycomb; her fragrance like the fragrance of Lebanon; and her garden like an orchard of choice fruits.His tongue slowly began massaging her lips paying special attention to her clitoris, which responded with a tiny erection of its own. As he tasted her lips, she began breathing heavily. Her legs started to tremble. Then Anne took a deep breath, then came with a groan; her female fluids squirted on Ron’s chin and ran down his chest. He could feel each contraction and taste each ejaculation as he held her clitoris in his mouth. As her legs became wobbly, he supported her by holding her cheeks to keep her from falling. On the last contraction, her legs gave way completely. She straddled his knees as she relaxed to sit in his lap.When her strength returned, she stood and gave the legs of his boxers a little tug, and Ron raised his hips so she could pull them off. She then turned her back and sat again in his lap, this time guiding his erection as it slid easily into her vagina. With his support, she moved up and down on his shaft. She began to squeeze him using the Kegel exercise that she’d learned so many years before in childbirth classes. As she squeezed, he found it harder to resist cumming.Finally, Ron could no longer hold back, and he pushed his erection as deep inside her as it would go. Releasing her hips, he reached around from the back to hold a teat in each hand. With a groan, he began ejaculating. Anne squeezed his erection again and again, delighted in the intake of breath each squeeze drew from him and the joy of being filled with his cum.Finally, both being spent, she leaned back against his chest. Resting in his arms, they enjoyed the peace of their afterglow. She smiled to herself. It was good to be a woman and enjoy the sexual freedom of being desired by a husband like Ron.