This post contains strong language (L).After a week of a convention and trade show, I’m finally on the airplane from Orlando back to Houston. I have Aaron Watson playing “That Look” on repeat. It has me thinking how much I am looking forward to being home with my beautiful bride of 32 years. Our sex life has really heated up now that we are empty nesters.Thankfully, I don’t have to travel for work often anymore. But that’s made this few days apart has seem like a month.We spent a little time on the phone last night before I went to sleep. We talked about how much we needed to catch up on when I get home. I cannot stop thinking about it on the plane ride. So I write a story for my wife about how I hope that this afternoon goes when I get home. I will send it to her before I start my one hour drive from the city to our country home.Here is the story:When I get home, you greet me with a hot wet kiss as soon as I enter our kitchen. Spurred on by how much tongue I got from that first kiss, I can’t keep my hands off of you. I start by stripping off your shirt (your bra was already missing!) and sliding your jeans down around your ankles. You are naked except for the lacy thong you know drives me wild.I take one hand and spin you around like in a country swing dance to take in your beauty. Then I stop you with your back to me and bend you over a stool at the kitchen counter. I am going to make you shake with ecstasy. My hands will eagerly make up for being away these last few days. I will explore your body and lick your ear lobes.I run one hand over your nipples and my other hand over every inch of your already wet pussy. You only let me kiss your neck like this when I am distracting you. I refocus your attention on the feel of my fingers pinching your nipples. Or my fingers sliding by your clit before plunging inside you.Now your sex juices are running down your bare thighs. So you turn around and command me to lick every drop of cum my fingers have milked from your pussy. But before I comply, I need to spend a few minutes playing with your “Grand Tetons” and sucking each nipple.Kneeling down, I run my tongue from inside one wet knee up each leg and back down to the other. I pause at the source of the wetness to re-prime that well. Then I move back down your leg to finish cleaning up the hot mess I made. My fingers on your clit elicit another flow of cum.You have turned around on the bar stool, now facing me. As you arch your back against the countertop, your cum runs down between your checks and soaks your ass. Thats fine with me. I just have more of your sexy body from which I need to lap up your juices.At this point, I can’t resist replacing my fingers on your pussy with my face. I firmly grasp your hips with my thumbs under the thin straps of your thong. They wrap around your sexy hips, and I dig my soaked finger tips into the flesh of your ass. I slide the tiny triangle of cum soaked lace to the side. I feast on your pussy lips and devour your swollen clit. After I feel you soak my beard, I slide my tongue up and down your slit a few times. You spread your legs wide and point your toes. One of your hands grabs a leg; the other hand claims one of your nipples.Without saying a word you urge me to find your G-spot with my tongue. You make it easy to find the way. Your inner pussy convulses, and your vulva opens up and pulls me inside. As my lips apply enough suction, my tongue finds that soft pad of flesh just inside of you. This makes you repeatedly scream “Oh, fuck yes.” You are such a bad girl when you are worked up into a horny hot mess.You release your grip on your hard nipples and let go of your ankle. Digging your heels into my back, it’s like you are spurring a bronc. Both of your hands grip the back of my head and press my face firmly into your pussy. I think you want me to crawl up into you and lick you from the inside out!I want to spend all afternoon face-fucking your pussy. But I need your touch on my aching balls and hard dick. So I stand up, kick my Wranglers off, and drop my shirt and underwear to the floor. I lead you from our kitchen barstool the few steps to the living room couch.One of your hands slides down and wraps around my cock. Your other hand reaches up behind my head and pull my lips down to yours. You kiss me deeply and slurp your juices from my lips and my tongue. The taste of your cum on my lips makes you even hornier than you were.Your free hand cups a breast and feeds me your tit. I eagerly coax a drop from deep inside your breast. This gives you another orgasm. Your hand on my cock pulls it close to your pulsing pussy. Like a brush, you use it to mop up the squirt, coating my balls with another gush. Placing both hands on my chest, you push me onto the couch and drop to your knees.Beginning at the sensitive spot below my balls, you begin to slurp up your freshly released juices. You roll each one of my balls around in your mouth before licking up the soft bottom of my dick. Then you pop over the top and take the head of my cock in your lips, sucking and swirling your tongue. Once more, you lick down each side of my dick, kissing my balls.After a big breath, you take every inch of me in your mouth and to the back of your throat. Sucking hard, you swirl your tongue in ways that seem almost impossible. This time it’s my turn to moan out, “Oh, fuck yes, baby!!!”I want to pound your pussy so bad now that I can’t stand it anymore. So I whisper that its time for you to get fucked! My fingers are tangled in your hair at the back of your neck. I reluctantly lift your head up as your lips apply amazing suction while sliding off my dick. You give my balls a few more kisses before standing up and leading me back to the bedroom…