(L) – This story contains strong language.This is part two of the “Birthday Blow and Sex Session” story.We had enjoyed an intense and loving sex session on my birthday on Saturday.  But we got interrupted by a granddaughter before my Melody could cum.  Melody had said she’d had her Tommy fix and suggested, “Let’s continue this tomorrow.”  The idea of sex two days in a row was very appealing!SundayWell, “tomorrow” had issues.  Melody woke me up to tell me she needed to go to the after-hours clinic because she had a bladder infection.  I immediately got up and we both got dressed to go to the clinic.I did not say a thing about being disappointed that we were not continuing yesterday’s sexual fun.  The bladder infection was not her fault.  I suppose that if it was anyone’s “fault” it was mine for fucking her so thouroughly yesterday.  (I’m not regretting it though!)I took her to the doctor and we went to get her antibiotic.In the car on our way to the pharmacy, Melody said, “Tommy, thank you for not being upset.”“I’ve had bladder infections before and I know how awful they can be,” I said.“I know,” she said quietly. “But it doesn’t mean that you have to be so kind about it.”“What else would I be?” I asked her.Her eyes looked watery, and I think at that moment we loved each other even more!MondayNeedless to say, I did not get to give my wife her missed orgasm on Sunday.  But very early Monday morning, she allowed me to love orally on her beautiful boobies before she “fixed my problem.” For those who aren’t familiar with my writing, that means she helped me have an orgasm without one of her own. This time, she loved orally on my nipples as I used our vibrating stroker to a great orgasm.Now, I should have suspected something was different, because as I had been sucking her nipples she was sighing.  Often on off days when she still allows me to suck her tits, there’s a time limit, but this went on quite a while.  She also allowed me to do some major tonguing of her titty.  There is a direct connection between her tits and my cock because I got nice and hard. Obviously there is also a direct connection between her tits and her pussy.  But due to her bladder infection, I assumed that any stimulation of her external or internal pussy was off limits today.  Boy was I wrong.  Or at least half wrong.After my orgasm, I was laying on my right side facing away from her and catching my breath.  She got up to use the bathroom, I thought, but soon I heard a sultry voice say, “If I get to have an orgasm, then Tommy can have a second one!”“What?” I asked, not believing that I had heard correctly.She repeated her offer as I rolled over to a glorious sight: my beautiful, voluptuous, sexy wife lying at a 3/4 turn facing me.  The ghostly, early-morning light bathed her now-nude body so her porcelain Nordic skin made her look like a beautiful ghost.  She caressed her left breast and offered it to me as she repeated the invitation.Needless to say, I dove in and loved orally on each of her already-hard nipples as she wrapped a hand around the back of my head to pull my mouth to her titties.“I’d really love to have Tommy inside me!” she said as she writhed on the bed.  But we both knew that was a bad idea since she’d only been on the antibiotics for a day.  Still, I asked but she wisely said no.“Which vibrator do you want?” I asked. “Loopy?” (Our Doc Johnson iVibe vibrator.)“No,” she replied. “The one with higher settings… that goes up to four.”“So, the Sensy,” I said. (Our Sensuelle Plus vibrator.) I showed her the small but powerful bullet vibe.“Yes, that one!” she said and grabbed it enthusiastically from my hand. I had turned the vibe on to the highest setting before she “snatched” it away to buzz her snatch.“Do you want coconut oil on your pussy?” I asked.“Yes, but only a little on my clitoris,” she said as she opened her sexy legs wide to give me full pussy access.I rubbed just a tiny pea-sized blob of coconut oil onto her already erect and hard clitty, and I took my time rubbing her love button until the coconut oil all melted on her hot little clit.  In fact, she was so horny and anxious that she used the vibe to push my finger out of the way.“You’re so fucking beautiful!” I exclaimed as I watched. Her busty body squirmed in pleasure in the ghostly light as the vibe met her clit. “Even though I can’t fuck you right now,” I added.She began immediately to arch her back in pleasure, but then she rolled back into the 3/4 turn and offered me her left titty.  I was laying to her right.  Her full breasts and her aroused, ridiculously youthful face made my heart again skip a beat.  But I immediately latched on and resumed the oral pleasure-giving, tit-sucking and nipple tongue-flicking.But within five seconds, Melody began to roll onto her back and arch her back again.  So I switched to orally loving on her closer nipple (the right one), and my beautiful sexy bride of 30+ years had a MASSIVE orgasm.  Her back was arched off the bed and her beautiful Nordic eyes sparked, even in the limited light.  She looked like my hot ‘n horny bride in her twenties, even though she was in her early forties when we first married.Her orgasm crashed over her sexy, porcelain-skinned body with wave after wave of sexual ecstasy.  I was watching the erotic show with one eye as I continued to tongue-flick her tasty right nipple.As I reluctantly detached my lips from her right raspberry, the beautiful, erotic view made my heart skip a beat again.  I was surprised by how fast my uber-sexy wife came.  From the time she applied the vibrator to her clitoris and I orally latched onto her nips, it had been only maybe ten seconds!I thought about it and realized that our coitus interruptus from the my birthday two days before must have left her soooo wired!  So her nearly instantaneous climax should not have surprised me.“That was some kind of record!” I exclaimed. “Do you want a second orgasm?”Melody gently pushed me over and said, “No, it’s your turn for round two.”  I think her massive orgasm had been plenty for her. But she really does love sucking and tongue-loving on my man-nips, so she went at it enthusiastically.I had added more coconut oil to the inside of “Julia,” our Hello Cake Vibrating Male Stroker.  “Time to fuck Julia again,” I said.I stroked myself with “Julia” as Melody latched orally onto my left nipple and began stroking and squeezing my sack with her left hand.  “That feels so gooood, Tommy!” she said as Julia.“You like fucking me, Julia?” I asked.“Yes! I do!” replied Melody in her alter-ego Julia voice.In spite of being so wired myself, by now, I have to admit that my failing health made it very difficult for me to climax a second time this morning.  We took a break and then resumed, but I was still only getting really close to cumming, and not achieving a full climax.  This involuntary edging was maddening, yet somehow terribly sexy and fun too.Then the phone rang with a call from our daughter, who announced she had a doctor appointment she’d forgotten about, and she asked if we could watch our youngest granddaughter.  Then the knock on the door announced the granddaughter’s presence.Melody jumped up and quickly put on a shirt and pants and stepped out.  She fed our granddaughter and started her favorite cartoon.  Then my wife returned to me.  I had stayed in bed pumping my dick with the vibrating stroker, but still no orgasm number two.My wife locked the door and laid down beside me.  She orally resumed her attack on my nipple, and I felt my orgasm becoming imminent.  I have studied volcanoes, and what quickly happened reminded me of catastrophic eruptions of stratovolcanoes.  It’s was kind of like Mt. St. Helens.My full-sized erection erupted with an explosion of hot semen.  It splattered everywhere, and I even felt it on my upper arm and chest!  Melody had to wipe herself off too.  The sexual sensations in my second climax of the morning were bewilderingly strong and intense.  It felt like every cell in my body was bathed in hot sexual release and pleasure.  The pleasure originated in the eruption of my cock, but it spread throughout my body like a pyroclastic flow of hot, glowing, volcanic ash!“That looked like a great orgasm,” my wife remarked as she wiped off her arm and hand.“It was,” I confirmed.  “It was a Mr. St. Helens type of orgasm!!”  Then I added, “I love you!  Thank you for your patience with me.”“It’s fun. And I’m glad you had a good orgasm,” she said and leaned over to give me a quick kiss.  “And I love you too,” she added.We now BOTH had experienced monster orgasms this morning.  It felt like a two-day extension of my birthday present!My wife got up and returned to our granddaughter, and I headed for the shower.  We both felt grateful to each other and to Heavenly Father for helping us find each other here on Earth… and for His glorious gift of marital, sexual love and pleasure that we could still share in our marriage!