(L) – This story contains strong language.This is a direct continuation of the story fromPart 1. It’s another that I messaged my wife when we were apart for a time and I wanted to provide us both some erotic material to aid in finding some sexual release.**********Out on the dance floor, it doesn’t take long for either of us to start getting super turned on again wanting to jump each other’s bones. We keep our bodies close together as we dance to the music. My eyes are entranced by the way your hips sway and your breasts bounce with the music.Our dancing is a long session of foreplay, building our excitement for a night of fucking ahead. Our bodies stay pressed close through much of our dancing, your breasts pressed against my chest and my thigh intertwined between your legs. You grind on my thigh to the rhythm of the music. Later, when you turn around and grind your ass up against my crotch, I hold your hips and day dream of how I just fucked you from behind in the bathroom stall. Needless to say, by the time the dancing is over at the end of the night, we are both ready to get to our room and rip each other’s clothes off.After saying goodbye to the bride and groom, we grab the unfinished bottle of wine that was at our table and head up to our room. As we get in the elevator, it crowds with a few other people. Their presence doesn’t prevent you from discreetly stroking my cock through the outside of my slacks as we stand in the back of the elevator. I grab your ass, so turned on by your bold sexual acts.A couple floors up and everyone except us clears off the elevator. We immediately turn to one another and start making out until we hear the ding of the doors again, indicating we’ve finally arrived at our floor. We eagerly head down the hallway and into our room.Clothes are immediately stripped off. My cock throbs in anticipation, so turned on to finally be naked with you after a long night of build up. I empty the bottle of wine into cups for both of us and we hop onto the bed together and relax against the pillows. Unable to keep our hands off each other, we both begin masturbating each other while we enjoy the wine.I lean my head back basking in the pleasure. It feels so good to finally have your hand wrapped around my shaft. The feel of how wet your pussy is drives me crazy.“You need to slot down or I’m gonna cum,” I warn you.In response, you stop stroking me, get up, and move to straddle my face.“Eat my pussy,” you demand.This turns me on so much, and I eagerly start licking circles around your clit. I grab your sexy butt and massage it while you grind your pussy on my face. I love the taste of your pussy, and the feeling of it get wetter and wetter. It’s definitely ready for a good fucking.You slide down now and position yourself to ride me. Picking up my cock, you hold it up pointed at your pussy, and just like that slip it into you and slide down my shaft completely. I take hold of your ass to guide you bouncing up and down on my cock. I’m amazed at how easily you’re fucking me, your pussy so incredibly wet. Burying my face in your breasts, I nibble and suck at your titties until I have you moaning and begging me, “Don’t stop!” My hands squeeze and massage all over your sexy butt and give you a few playful slaps.Having finished our wine, we set aside our glasses. Then in one smooth roll, I flip us over so you’re on your back, and I start plowing into you with deep hard thrusts, making your boobs swing each time I rock your body. But then I slow it down so I won’t cum too soon.Laying down on top of you, I kiss you deeply and enjoy the sensation of so much of your hot naked skin touching mine. I gently rock my pelvis to grind against you and nibble on your neck. Then I pull out of you and dive between you legs to devour your pussy again. My hands run all over your body, along your smooth inner thighs, around your butt, up to your breasts, circling your pointed nipples, and back down around to your pussy.My cock aches to be buried in you again so I rise back up and resume fucking you from a kneeling position. I run my hands softly up and down along your legs as you reach down and start playing with yourself. You start rubbing yourself quicker. I can tell you are getting close so I speed up my hands rubbing all over your body and I speed up my thrusts. Harder. Faster. I take hold of your gorgeous tits.Just then, you start screaming, “Don’t stop! Don’t you dare stop!”“Yes! Cum for me baby!” I say.And with that I feel your body tense as you’re rocked by an orgasm. It’s so sexy to see you writhe in pleasure from an orgasm.But the night is still young and there’s more to cum…To be continued.