My husband was doing his daily workout in the living room while I watched from the couch. He was naked while holding plank position, stretching his legs and back, and doing his pushups. He doesn’t like wearing clothes if it’s just the two of us.And I don’t mind. It’s the perfect time to admire the view, if you know what I mean. What lady wouldn’t love to see her sexy husband sweating, breathing heavily, and displaying his gorgeous muscles? Yeah, my mind was definitely on sex right then, but that got me thinking about something else.You see, we had had sex earlier that day. As usual, my husband lovingly finished me off by fingering me to a mind blowing orgasm.“Please stop! I can’t cum that much,” I pleaded in between short hot breaths of air.The orgasm wasn’t ending as my husband mercilessly stroked my G-spot. The pleasure quickly grew into a cascade of intense bliss as my body shook from the pleasure. It felt like it was forming a knot in my throat and sending tingles down my spine—an overwhelming amount of pleasure, which my husband managed to give to me in a matter of seconds.Back in the living room, I asked him, “You know how you make me cum really quickly? Have you ever wondered how fast you can actually do it?”In the middle of a sensuous stretch, my husband nonchalantly replied, “Well, how about we find out right now?”“Right now?”“Yes. I’ll get my timer out; you lie down on the floor.”Taken aback by his response, I was still very excited. I took off my pants and lay on my back with my knees bent.He handed me the timer and licked his fingers in preparation. Kneeling over me with his fingertips just touching the entrance of my vagina, he said, “Tell me when.”My heart pounding with excitement, I started the timer and said, “Now.”1 second: His fingers entered and immediately located my G-spot.2 seconds: He stroked faster and faster, and I’d started moaning already.3 seconds: Pressure building; I could feel it coming. There was no way this was possible.4 seconds: The pleasure reached a peak. He stroked as fast as he could.5 seconds: “AHHH BRYCE IM GONNA – I’m cumming!”That all familiar wave of release and relief crashed over me. I dolidn’t even see seconds 5-9 on the timer right before my eyes. The soonest I was able to press stop on the timer was nine seconds.“ Nine,” I say panting. “Nine seconds.”He pulled his hand out as my body shook with euphoria and continued the orgasm he started.“How do you… how do you do that?” I asked as the chemical rush slowly subsided in my body.He looked at me and, with complete sincerity, said, “I care about you. I know where your pleasure spots are and exactly how you like it. I pay attention to how you react, what turns you on, and what I’ve done before to make you cum. Based on feel alone, I can locate your G-spot. I have a map in my mind’s eye of where it is inside of you and what it feels like. Kayla, I love you.”“How perfectly was my husband made?” I think to myself.  “Who else could do this to me in nine seconds?”