(L) – This story contains strong language.The bedside lamp was on in our room and I was a few drinks in. I only had my shirt on, which I started slowly taking off while facing away from my husband who was eagerly waiting on the bed for me.Honestly, I have had a difficult time accepting my body recently. It has changed a lot in just a few years, and I didn’t always have confidence in it. I still had a bit of a mom pouch from my pregnancy, and my breasts had swelled bigger than I could ever imagine them to be. But strangely, even though I was wearing a size large in clothing and a triple D size bra, my husband had been more into me than he seemingly ever was.In a comment that to this day goes down in history as one of the dumbest things I’ve ever said to my husband, in that moment, looking in the mirror across from our bed, after almost three years of marriage and 7 years together, I said…“Bryce, you like thick girls, don’t you?”I’ve never heard my husband laugh more at a comment that I had made before that moment.“Kayla,” he said in between laughs, “I’ve always liked thick girls!”Thinking back, it made complete sense. He has always complimented my curves, and he even once said he wished I had a little more weight on me at the beginning of our relationship. (He’s straightforward like that.)He has also always been a boob guy, drooling over the weight I put on my chest during and after pregnancy. Somehow I had all of the pieces but missed the whole picture. I had mistakenly assumed he was into what I thought men in general were into: thin women with big boobs or butts, but ultimately thin. That’s what guys like, right?“Kayla, I’d rather you have a belly and have hips and breasts than you be thin. I’ve always liked girls with meat on their bones. I never made it a big deal when you were super thin because I loved you for you, not for your body.”I suddenly had a big realization. My belly, my hips, my chest, all of the things I wished were smaller ever since pregnancy—my husband never saw it that way at all. He looked at all of these changes and saw a wish granted.Looking at my reflection in that mirror, for a split second, I started to see things differently. I looked at my thighs and hips as being full and gorgeous. My big breasts were sexy, my curves were beautiful. I saw for a brief moment what my husband saw when he looked at me: a beautiful and feminine woman.He didn’t want my body to be different. He loved every curve I possessed. All of the changes I so despised in my body after childbirth were beautiful to him.I began to view myself in a different light as I laid on top of him that night. As usual, he grabbed my hips, ass, and breasts as we kissed, but this time I didn’t feel embarrassed, or hope he didn’t notice certain parts I didn’t like of my body.I started viewing myself as a very attractive woman, and without inhibitions or second thoughts this time, loved on my husband. I accepted that he really did believe I was the most attractive woman he has seen, and wasn’t just saying that to make me feel better about myself.I slipped him inside of me as I had done countless times before and rode him, but this time much more confidently than I had done before. I fucked him believing I was incredibly attractive, with my head held high. Bryce rolled his eyes back with pleasure as I took the reins without holding back. I rolled my hips back and forth, taking his penis in and out of me. After a few minutes of this he decided to take action.“Kayla, I hate to say this, but that was probably one of the dumbest things you’ve ever said,” he said, flipping me around under him. “You must not know me as well as you think if you don’t know how much I love your curves.”Grabbing my legs and throwing them over his shoulders with ease, he entered me from above.I thought about how, even though I had gained weight, he had no issues handling my body. I could still ride him from on top, or be ravaged from underneath him. He could even still pick me up and throw me on the bed. He had not said or displayed one time that it caused any issues for him at all.I was sent over the edge thinking of how sexy it is that he is strong enough to do pretty much anything he wanted to do to me, and the weight I had gained didn’t even phase him in the slightest when it came to that.It was perfect, I thought, how I was the kind of woman he always wanted, with the body he always wanted, and that he is strong enough to  do anything with me that he was able to do when I weighed a lot less. In fact, he wasn’t able to fuck me as hard when I was thin. He always held back before, as if he would break me if he handled me too roughly.But tonight, he fucked me as hard as ever, not holding back while holding onto my hips and thighs, maneuvering them into the perfect positions. He was no longer afraid of hurting me by being too enthusiastic, or too rough.Our sex life had only improved after I had gained weight. Who was I to hate this gift that God gave to me and my husband?I came under him, but this time I didn’t feel like I owed him anything for this experience. I always felt as though I didn’t deserve him, and maybe there’s a part of that that is true, after all, none of us deserve God’s gifts, but they are meant to be enjoyed, and I am also a gift to my husband, as he is to me.I enjoyed myself completely guilt free. I am meant to enjoy this fully. I don’t have to be a certain way or have a certain body to enjoy this moment.I felt the release in my body, but also in my mind. The burden of trying to be perfect was lifted as I contracted and moaned beneath him.“That’s a good girl, Kayla,” he said while pulling out and spilling his cum on my belly. A tear fell down my face as I realized how many unnecessary expectations I had been trying to live up to, and how I had hated my body that my husband so adores.I laid there in the glow of our love with him after that for a while. We cleaned up and cuddled close. My face was flushed red in the aftermath, but my mind was clear.“I love you, Bryce.”“I love you too, Kayla.”