(L) – This story contains strong language.Not long after we were married, my wife (Suzy) and I were walking along the golden sands in Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands, when we realised that there were a number of naked people about. We had inadvertently walked on to the nudist beach, or to give it it’s correct term now, the clothing optional part of the beach. After the initial shock of seeing dicks and pussies and tits of all shapes and styles and sizes, we had a good laugh. Looking around, we saw that most of those who were naked were middle aged, or older and to be honest not the hottest people I have ever seen, although there were a few handsome guys and pretty females.We walked on a bit, having a good look and a bit of a laugh, and then I asked Suzy, “Do you fancy getting naked?”She immediately laughed and said, “I was just about to ask you the same thing.”So we put our beach bag down, got our towels out, and both of us stripped off. I could feel my cock start to stiffen a bit, not at the naked bodies around us, but at the thrill of being naked in front of so many people. We had already put on suncream earlier, but of course were both now displaying more skin to the sun, so we needed to top up. Being the gentleman that I am, I offered to rub the suncream in for Suzy, especially around her tits, ass and pussy. Unfortunately, for some reason she declined my kind offer.After we put the suncream on, we sat down for a time, waiting for it to dry in, and doing a bit of people watching.“Wow, look at the size of that,” Suzy said. “He appears to be having way too much fun putting his suncream on!” She pointed to a very well endowed guy in his twenties who seemed to be spending too much time rubbing suncream onto his cock!After our suncream had dried in, we went into the sea. The feeling was amazing—swimming naked with my balls and cock free of all constriction. As we floated a bit of a distance from the shore, Suzy reached under the water and started to play with my cock, which quickly reacted positively to the attention. I grabbed Suzy round the waist and pulled her towards me so that she was facing me, and then got her legs and wrapped them round my waist.“Relax,” I said as I started to tread water keeping us both afloat.“What are you doing?” Suzy asked.“I’m going to fuck you.”At that, I pulled her closer and jerked forward, and my cock went fully into her pussy, making her moan and grab onto me tighter. She had her arms around my neck and I grabbed her ass, pulling her onto my cock as much as I could. Every time I kicked my legs to tread water I pushed my cock into her.It felt amazing, and what made it even hornier was the fact that we were fucking with people around us and none of them seemed to have any idea of what we were doing, although Suzy isn’t the quietest when having sex!It didn’t take too long until I couldn’t hold it any longer, and I filled her pussy full of cum. It felt absolutely amazing, and if any of you haven’t yet fucked in the sea, you should give it a go.After I went soft I pulled out and we swam back to the beach, both of us cleaning ourselves as much as we could.We got out of the sea and walked back towards our towels, and on the way I started to get hard again as I noticed some cum dripping from Suzy’s pussy and down the inside of her thigh. It was so hot to know that she was leaking my cum in public, and that strangers could not only see us naked, but if they were paying any attention, they might see my cum leaking out of my wife’s pussy.After we dried, we got dressed and went back to our hotel, where we had more sex while talking about our exciting day at the beach!