You might like toread part 1first.Following Lacy as she hikes up the narrow mountain trail, watching her sexy ass in yoga pants has my cock getting hard again in no time—even after her fantastic blow job behind her brother’s tent. She looks back over her shoulder from time to time as we walk, so she’s well aware of my arousal. I can tell by the way she wiggles her ass more and more.We reach the top of the trail just as the sun rises over the mountains, valley, and river below. As we pause to watch, I wrap my arms around her waist from behind and kiss her neck while cupping and squeezing her perfect breasts. Lacy’s ass grinds against my crotch for a while, then she grabs her pants and pushes them down before reaching back to drop my shorts, too. Now my hard cock is firmly planted against the top of her ass and lower back.Lacy parts her legs and bends over a boulder in front of her, looking back with a lustful hunger. I grab my cock and press it against her hot, smooth, and very wet pussy. Slowly pushing every inch of my cock into her tight pussy, I enjoy her glove-tight feeling. She gasps at my entry, but once my hips press against her ass and I’m fully inside her, I hear her deep moan.“Mmm, your pussy feels amazing, baby—so fucking hot and wet,” I say as I gradually pull out and slide my cock against her clit for a few moments before slowly penetrating her again. I look down and watch her creamy juices collect at the base of my cock. Fucking this slowly is something new for us, and it feels incredible.Lacy leans more of her weight against the boulder, freeing a hand to slip down to her slick clit. A drawn-out groan accompanies each of my strokes, and her pussy pulses from time to time, releasing more of her juices until they drip down our thighs. My fingers, wandering her back and hips, feel the muscle-tensionbuild, and then she’s quaking as she erupts! Her pussy clenches my cock as hot fluid rolls like a tidal wave around my cock.As her orgasm subsides, I increase the force and speed of my thrusts, knowing that a good hard fuck right after she’s cum can take her to a new one very quickly. She throws her hips back to meet mine, and her pussy starts spasming again, squeezing my cock and sending me over the edge as I bury myself deep and flood her pussy with cum. With our mixed elixer dripping out of her, she looks back with her face glowing and smiles, saying how blessed she is that I chose her to be my wife.I reach into the backpack for wipes and a towel to clean her up, but she straightens and pulls her soaked pants up. She grins and says, “We don’t need those yet. I’m far from done with you!” Then, she takes off running down the trail to the river with me hot on her tail.