(L) – This story contains strong language.The office party was in full swing, the hum of chatter and clink of glasses filling the air. I was engrossed in a conversation with my colleague, Tom, when my phone buzzed in my pocket. I pulled it out to find a message from my wife, Klaudia:“I’m so horny right now. Can’t wait for you to get home.”I smirked, typing out a quick reply, “I’ll take care of that when I’m home, love.” I slipped my phone back into my pocket, eager to wrap up the party and get home to my wife.About twenty minutes later, a hush fell over the room as every head turned towards the entrance. In walked a woman, her black top and red mini skirt a stark contrast to the conservative office attire. Her fishnet stockings and heels added an air of provocative elegance. She scanned the room, her gaze landing on me. She strode towards me, her hips swaying with each step.She leaned in and said in a low voice, “Washroom. Now.”I followed her, my heart pounding in my chest. As we entered the washroom, she sat on the basin, her legs spread wide. She hooked her thumbs into her thongs, pulling them down and off. She tossed them aside, her eyes locked onto mine. “Touch me,” she commanded, her voice laced with desire.I stepped between her legs, my hands finding her thighs. I could feel the heat radiating from her core. She reached for my belt, unbuckling it with expert ease. She unzipped my pants, her hand slipping inside to grip my already hardening cock. She stroked me, her touch firm and confident. I was rock hard in no time, my breath coming in short gasps.She reached for the hand cream on the counter, squirting some into her palm. She smeared it onto my cock, her hand moving in long, slow strokes.“Fuck me,” she said, her voice a low growl. “Hard and fast.”I didn’t need to be told twice. I grabbed her hips, pulling her to the edge of the basin. I positioned myself at her entrance, feeling her wetness against the tip of my cock. I pushed in, her tightness enveloping me. She let out a soft moan, her head tilting back. I began to move, my hips thrusting forward in a steady rhythm. The sound of our bodies slapping together echoed in the small room, a testament to our intense fucking.She wrapped her legs around me, her heels digging into my ass, urging me on. I could feel her nails raking down my back, her breath coming in short pants.“Harder,” she moaned, her voice barely above a whisper.I obliged, my thrusts becoming more forceful, more insistent.We were ten minutes into our passionate encounter when she suddenly pushed me back, her hands on my chest. She slid off the basin, her knees hitting the floor. She looked up at me, her eyes filled with lust. “I want to taste you,” she said, her voice husky.She took me into her mouth, her tongue swirling around the head of my cock. She sucked hard, her cheeks hollowing out. I could feel my orgasm building, my balls tightening. I gripped her hair, my fingers tangling in her locks. “I’m going to come,” I warned, my voice a low growl.She pulled back, her hand continuing to stroke me. She looked up at me, her eyes locked onto mine as I came undone. I watched as she swallowed every drop, her tongue darting out to lick her lips. She stood up, wiping her face and cleaning up the washroom. As we opened the door, we were met with a group of my colleagues, their faces split into wide grins.I was embarrassed, my face flushing red. My wife, however, seemed unfazed. She strutted out, her head held high, leaving me to face the music. The next day was filled with comments and puns, but it was all worth it. After all, my wife had given me the best office party surprise ever.