January of 1943 had arrived, and with it, a strengthened urgency in Linda and Max Candler to somehow get out of Paris.  They had no idea that their relationship and their lives were soon to be harshly tested.Linda was still in the employ of the American Embassy.  Of course, they knew about her marriage to a high-ranking SS officer, but she had revealed to a select few officials Max’s true colors.  Max, on his part, had done an admirable job in pretending to his superiors that he was using his wife to get information from the Americans.  American officials gave Linda any tidbits that would both satisfy the Nazis and not bring harm to anyone, and she gave it to Max.  He then fed it to his associates in the SS.  Unfortunately, they knew this could only go on for so long until someone began to look deeper into the farce.One bitterly cold night, long after Max and Linda had gone to bed, a loud pounding at the door woke them up.“Who the hell is that at this hour?” Max grunted, hardly awake.  He was exhausted from a long, tense day at SS headquarters.“Open up! Gestapo!” a vicious German voice shouted, answering the question for him.“Oh Max…” Linda breathed, gripping his arm.  She couldn’t see her husband’s face, but she felt him go rigid.Cautiously, he got out of bed.  It being winter, he was clothed, but only in pajama pants.  He reached for the pistol on the side table.The sharp order was repeated from the front door of the apartment.“I will talk to them.  It must some mistake,” Max said, trying to soothe Linda.  He put on a shirt and tucked the gun into his waistband.  “Stay here.”  His voice was firm.She swallowed, a terrible feeling in her stomach.  Maybe it was just a mix-up.  But the Gestapo rarely got mixed up.  They were always thorough and very deadly.  Gripping the sheets to her breasts, she listened anxiously to the muffled sounds beyond the closed bedroom door.The front door was opened and Max greeted the intruders.  There were five of them.  “Ah, Major Flesch! Can I help you with anything?”The icy voice of the Gestapo major replied, “You will be of the greatest help if you come along without resisting.”“Come along? For what? Am I under arrest?” Max sounded genuinely surprised.Major Flesch chuckled.  “You feign innocence so well, lieutenant.  But your game is up.”“I beg your pardon, but I do not understand.  To what game do you refer?”Linda could tell that Max was buying time.  She shivered.  Max must certainly know why the Gestapo were here.“Your charade of exploiting your little American wife to collect information for us from the American Embassy,” Flesch explained.  His tone was terrifyingly soft.  “You have confided in certain of your colleagues that you pretend to be madly in love with this woman so she will do anything you ask.  Is that true?”“If I said it, then it must be,” Max rejoined coolly, arms folded.“Where is she?”Max nodded behind him.  “In bed.  What is your point, major?”Flesch chuckled, pacing lazily around the room.  “We are ensuring that you are not betraying your Aryan purity with this…this Jew-loving Westerner.  Marriage to a non-Aryan is only acceptable if there is a greater purpose, something to profit our cause.  But you of course despise her.”  He shot a sharp look at Max.With a measured breath, Max replied, “Of course.”  It almost frightened Linda that he could say it so calmly, but she knew he was playing a role.“Then it disgusts you to…be intimate with her?”Max swallowed, fury rising deep inside him.  “Major, I have stated to various of our mutual friends that my marriage was wholly intended to furnish us with an agent in the Embassy.  My methods cannot concern you, surely.”Approaching Max with narrowed eyes and hands gripped behind his back, Flesch answered, “On the contrary, Lieutenant Candler.  Everything about one of our own concerns us.  It is a pillar of our creed that we do not muddy our glorious bloodline by intermarriage with lesser races.  You are an SS officer, thus an example to the younger men of the Reich.  If you are permitted to do as you wish and marry a foreigner, anenemy, with impunity, what shall stop others from doing the same? No, lieutenant, we must be sure that you are not using this for your own pleasure.  Into the bedroom!  Now!”“I refuse you entry into my home!” Max declared sternly, his hand creeping towards the hidden gun.The other Gestapo agents were faster.  They all drew out Lugers and aimed them at Max.  One patted him down, found the concealed gun, and jerked it out.  Flesch simply grinned.“You have no choice.  Now, move!”Uneasy about what they had in mind, Max obeyed, cautiously opening the bedroom door and turning on the light.  Linda hunched down, alarmed.“Frau Candler! I am glad to at last see you in person,” Flesh said airily, rounding the bed towards her.  “It makes this case so much clearer.  Obviously your husband is not denying himself any enjoyment while he carries out his mission.  You are beautiful; that I will grant.  Unfortunately it puts my friend Lieutenant Candler into a distressing position.”“Do not attempt to harass my wife, major,” Max said threateningly.Linda’s eyes darted to his, pleading, yet courageous.  He understood what she was trying to convey: “Don’t anger him.”“Oh, I don’t intend on doing anything to her,” Flesch rejoined, eyeing Linda with a hateful leer.  “I wouldn’t soil my hands by touching her.  You, on the other hand, are going to prove yourself.”“What are you saying?” Max’s face was dark.Flesch laughed, a metallic laugh that amused no one.  “You are going to take her.  Right now.”“What?”“In front of us.  Show us that you are loyal to our Reich and the Fuhrer.  Prove that you view this woman as nothing more than a body into whom you can release yourself, and we shall not trouble you any longer.”“Major…” Max searched for words, his hands clenched at his sides.  “You cannot be serious.  Even the state has no place in the marital bed!”Linda’s heart was thudding.  The major’s order was beyond shameful; it was infuriating.  How could she endure being made such a spectacle? And what a terrible thing to demand of a man!  Max couldn’t hide that he really loved her, not to an eagle-eyed sadist like the Gestapo major.Flesch abruptly pulled out his own pistol and pressed it against Linda’s forehead.  She sucked in air.  Max darted forward but was grabbed roughly by two sets of hands.“Well, lieutenant?” Flesch asked, eyebrows raised carelessly.  “Defy me and I will splatter her brains all over the pillows.”Linda flinched.  She saw the muscles in Max’s jaw and neck convulsing as he superhumanly controlled his rage.  He tightened his mouth and deigned to nod at the major.  Flesch lowered the gun and stepped away from the bed.“Very wise.  Now, strip and get to it.”Max approached, slowly unbuttoning his shirt.  His eyes held Linda’s.  She kept very still, afraid and embarrassed and yet anxious to have him close to her.  Just his strong body against her gave her a sense of protection.  Together, they could endure anything.Flesch and his men spread out, each taking a post in a half-circle around the bed.  Max tried to ignore their staring eyes as he stepped out of his pants and climbed into bed.  He involuntarily pulled in a breath as his hands found her.  Strange that he should notice her warmth in the middle of a nightmare like this.  She huddled against him, her face hot with humiliation.“Throw back the covers.  Let us see everything,” Flesch ordered spitefully.Max fought to hide his wrath, quickly covering Linda with his body.  He didn’t care about his own exposed buttocks.  He wanted to shield his wife’s nude body from the perverted stares.“Begin,” Flesch commanded with a smirk.  He shifted, as if his uniform was suddenly a bit too tight around his crotch.Linda hid her face in Max’s neck.  She wondered how they were going to do this.  It was impossible to feel aroused while these evil men were watching.  This was supposed to be a sacred act, not meant for the eyes of others.Admirably, Max maintained perfect stoicism, his face unmoved.  Only his eyes flashed when they met Linda’s, and she knew he was going to take care of her.  She could endure this, for him.  She had to pretend she was just an object for his satisfaction and nothing more.  Showing her adoration for him could put him in grave danger.Max took hold of himself fumblingly and pressed against her tightness.  Being so tense, she couldn’t take him in.  She feared that it might get painful if he pushed in when she wasn’t wet.  Silently, she began to pray.Oh Lord, spare us this humiliation! Please, rescue us! Save my sweet husband from doing this! Stop these terrible men!Abruptly, a knock at the outer door startled everyone.  Max went still.  Flesch growled and waved one of his men to answer it.The agent returned and said it was a message from Max’s superior, Colonel Reinelt.“What does he say?” Flesch demanded.Max stiffened.  Linda felt it and gripped his arm.“Colonel Reinelt says that Lt. Candler is cleared of all suspicion and we are to report back to him immediately,” the agent said freezingly, throwing a dark look at the couple in the bed.Flesch’s jaws went taut, and obvious disappointment at being thwarted in his sick mission clouded his face.  But he nodded.  “Very well.  Colonel Reinelt of course has better sources of information.  We will go talk to him.”  He turned once and met Max’s eye.  With a leer, he said, “I suppose you will get to enjoy your little free-use pussy after all.”Max would have leaped out of bed and strangled Flesch right there, but the Gestapo men filed out and were gone in a moment.  He watched them go with a furiously-heaving chest and fists clenched tight.When the door shut behind them, Linda melted into a trembling puddle as the adrenaline rush receded.  “Oh Max! I was so scared…” she gasped, wrapping frantic arms around him.“There, my love, it is over.  They are gone,” Max comforted her, still shaken himself and overwhelmingly relieved at the sudden change in the situation.“I love you,” she whispered quaveringly.“As I love you,” he replied, stroking her face with unsteady fingers.“How can people be so vulgar?” she asked.Max shook his head, swallowing.  “I cannot grasp it.  But I will never let anyone harm you,schatzi.  If any man ever touches you, I will kill him,” and he came close and kissed her mouth intensely.In their mingled release of pent-up nerves, a trembling need to be close, to touch, to be intimate, flooded them both.  Perhaps it was the vague threat of being separated, of losing this togetherness.  Max’s hands were all over Linda’s body as he plundered her mouth with his lips and tongue; he squeezed her breasts and the soft swells of her bottom and pulled her leg up so it hooked over his ass.  She rubbed eager, needy hands over his rippling back and shoulders and biceps, then gripped his butt and stroked up his leg with her foot.“I need you,” Max whispered hoarsely.“Yes! Oh Max, please get inside me!” Linda begged.  Her body had begun to flow with arousal during the last minutes.  “I was afraid they’d take you away…and I’d never feel you again!”“Then this is a kind of sweet revenge, is it not?” Max growled, sliding his thickening member along her warm slit.  “Those bastards thought they won, that you meant nothing more to me than a prostitute.  But now we are going to make love all night and I will show you how wrong they are!”“As if I’d ever doubt you!” Linda cried reproachfully.“I know you would not.  Still,” and he grimaced as he pressed against her hole, “I should like to prove it.”  A devilish, hungry smile toyed at his lips.She returned it.  “Do it.  You sexy man, take me and make me feel good and enjoy my pussy.  Make them eat their words!”  And she pulled him in.The way he sank into her reminded her of some of their early couplings, when his true character was still unknown to her and the battle inside him could only manifest in his feral consumption of her body.  He adjusted their position so she was beneath him, gazing at her with fire in his eyes.  They kissed hotly.  Then he began to thrust, deeply-seated in her wet core, hardly pulling himself out.  Linda loved that feeling of fullness.  It started a little bit uncomfortably, but she was always so delightfully wet and the lubrication made it easy to stretch and accept him.“Myschatzi,” he muttered, his face pressed into her neck as he pounded his hips against her.“Yes…yes, Max!” she moaned.  With one hand she was desperately rubbing the alert spot right above her opening, where the clitoris throbbed on the outside and spread its sensitive hidden roots deeper into her loins.  With her other hand, she reached down to squeeze Max’s clenching ass cheeks.  Feeling his muscles tighten and release in her palm was so tantalizing.  It crystallized the intensity of his act of love.In these moments of impassioned oneness, the world beyond their apartment walls faded.  There was no war, no danger, no impending exposure or arrest or death.  Only the here and now existed for this strangely-matched and irrevocably-bound couple.  Yet through the flashes of pleasure in her brain, Linda wondered vaguely if the Gestapo would keep sniffing around and finally uncover the truth.  How could she ever bear separation from this incredible man? He was walking a highwire every day, yet he cared for her and loved her with a powerful tenderness that defied the circumstances swirling around him.  And in the last few weeks, he had listened intently as she explained the Gospel.  She knew he respected her faith; she tried to live it out in everything she did.  The only thing she desired more than his safety was his salvation.  Only God could preserve him if the Gestapo took him away.  At the thought of that, she wrapped her arms tightly around him and began softly weeping again.“Linda…my sweet, why do you cry?” Max asked, abruptly stopping as he felt her tears.  He cradled her face with his hands, gazing at her and kissing her forehead and lips gently.“I can’t lose you,” she whispered, afraid to speak louder lest she break down.“You shall never lose me,” he promised.She shook her head.  “If they find out and arrest you…”“Schatzi,” he interrupted, “even if that should happen, I cannot…Iwillnot be lost to you.”  His words held something deep, something significant.Linda took a breath and gazed at him questioningly.“What do you mean?”His eyes gentled as they only did with her.  “There is something I have been thinking about.  I was not certain, not until this moment.”  He caressed her lips with his thumb.  “You walked into my life and brought with you something that I desperately needed.  Not your sweetness and warm, loving body, as wonderful as that is to a war-weary man.  You showed me the Savior.  I knew nothing of God, of Jesus, and once I would not have cared, but I could not ignore the power He had on your life.”Linda was weeping more now, but with joy.Max went on.  “I saw at last that my soul is worth more than my life.  If I were arrested and executed, where would I go?  That question would not leave me.”  He swallowed, his lip unsteady.  “Tonight, we both could have been called to eternity.  And the thought of you going to the bliss of God’s heaven without me terrified me.”“Max, oh Max…” Linda breathed, her hands clasping his.“I am still unsure of all these things, but I want to give my life to Christ,” he stated.  “Help me,schatzi.  Show me how!”  His plea, his weight still heavy between her thighs, the new spiritual hunger in his eyes…they overpowered Linda with love for her husband and for her Lord.“You have to only ask Him for forgiveness and put your faith in Him, in His gift of grace to you,” she whispered between sobs.  “He died for you, Max!  No one could show more love than that.  Believe on Him and leave behind all the sin and wrong in your life, and He will make you whole and clean in God’s sight.”Max was struggling with tears as well, and he dropped his head onto Linda’s breasts as words broke out.  “Oh God, I am unworthy that You should even hear me.  I have killed, I have committed crimes that blacken me.  But…You sent me this heavenly woman, and through her I have learned of Your love for me.  Forgive me, please, Jesus.  Make me a new man.  I stake the security of my soul on Your redemption.  And I entrust my life to You as You see fit.  I am Yours, Jesus.”“Oh my Max…you are now truly one with me!” Linda cried, wrapping arms and legs around him.  Both wept in this strange, other-worldly joy.  It was easy to Linda to see the light that completely renewed her husband’s face.  The exhaustion and fear were gone.  He was realizing in these reverent seconds that his entire being was now protected by the God of the universe.“I cannot say that I feel much different, but I am at peace,” Max said quietly.  “You once said that God gives the assurance of salvation.  It is so.  I sense it.”“That’s the Holy Spirit, darling,” Linda whispered.  She reached out to touch his face.  “Make love with me,” she pleaded, her voice still broken.  “I feel like our souls can finally join in a way they couldn’t before.”Tenderness and delight lit his face, and he kissed her with deep passion and tenderness.  “My love, my wife,” he murmured.  He began to move, just reveling in her depths, and gazing into her eyes.  “What has happened?”“You are saved, Max,” she replied, the tears flowing over her soft cheeks.  “No matter what happens, God holds you in His hand.  Oh, my prayers are answered!”“I love you, Linda.  More than I did before,” he breathed, thrusting harder.  The pleasure in her face, mixed with his own lightness of heart and spirit, drove his hips.“And I love you.  Oh Max…” and Linda met his love-dance with her own eager hips.He bent and kissed her open mouth, skin-to-skin with her.  One of his hands slipped down to rub her sweet spot as they kissed and writhed together.  There was truly a newness in their lovemaking, a purity and a depth that could only come when husband and wife are one in Christ.He swallowed her moans and steadily screwed her wet core, while she raked her fingers through his hair, trying to soak in every inch of his body with her own.  It was perfection to feel his damp chest crushing her tender breasts, and his hairy legs tangled with her smooth ones.  She loved his lips and tongue so hungrily seeking hers, trying to consume her as if she was a feast and he was a starving man.  And completing it all was his thick manhood inside her, his heavy, semen-filled balls plopping against her slick bottom, and the rough grunts in his throat.“Please, Max, I want you to cum inside me!” she begged.“Oh God…Linda…” he gasped.  That plea always catapulted him over the edge.  He mindlessly rubbed her clitoris and ground deeply into her.The intensity of it overloaded her capabilities and she lost her breath as the pleasure clenched her loins.  Her eyes rolled back and her body shook.  Max came at the same time, spewing ropes of his hot cum into her as he thrashed and growled.They trembled together and gasped for air.  Linda went limp and held her husband’s sweat-moistened body when he collapsed.  This unity was the closest thing to heaven she knew.  Making love with Max had always been wonderful, but now, with the knowledge that he was redeemed and on the same road with her, the physical act was a million times better.“I love you, Max,” she whispered, stroking his damp hair.“Oh myschatzi, I love you,” he answered, raising his head to kiss her softly.  “This has been the strangest night of my life, that is certain.  But I am ready to go where God takes me.”She caressed his face.  “I’ve been so afraid for you,” she admitted.  “I think I still am, but I cannot tell you what relief it gives me to know that no matter what happens here, we will be together with Christ.”“We can face this war knowing that.  You led me to Him, my sweet, and I thank Him for that.  Now, it is nearly three o’clock.  Let me clean us up, then I want you to sleep in my arms,” and he smiled lovingly at her before rising from the bed.“Suppose this time it happened?” Linda asked, also smiling.He paused before reaching the bathroom, standing unashamedly naked.  He tilted his head.  “What? Ah!” and understanding lit his face.  “A child of our own.  It would be a gift.”Linda snuggled in, waiting for Max to join her in bed again.  Despite all the horrors of a war-torn world surrounding her, she had some of the greatest joys known to humankind: the hope of having a baby with Max, the strong love of a man, and the confidence of his salvation and her own.Somehow, with God’s grace and favor, they could come through this war.