(A) – This story contains anal play and anal intercourse.“You’re such a good girl,” he whispers in my ear as he gently strokes my back.“You’ve done so well—worked so hard. It’s okay. Let me take care of you.”This had been going on for the last 30 minutes; the gentle touches and affirmations while I lay on our bed.It had been a rough week. A rough month. A rough few months? I didn’t know how long things had been rough, but I needed this. Tears formed in my eyes. I needed this so bad.I turn around to face him and bury my face in his chest, hooking my leg around his while I stroke his beard for comfort.“Shhh it’s okay, love,” he whispers. “It’s okay. You can let go now, honey. I’ll take care of you.” He embraces me in return and continues talking softly to me while stroking my back. “I didn’t know how much you were struggling. You handle it so well, but let me handle it right now. You don’t need to be strong anymore.”The gentle touches soothe my soul. His arms are my safe haven, and everything in the world disappears for a moment while I lay here. I am briefly sheltered from the storms of life in his embrace. I hear his breath rise and fall and listen to the steady beat of his heart.Everything else seems not to matter. It all fades to gray except the present moment. It’s just me and him. That’s all that exists in the world right now to me. It’s as if the whole world is only as big as our embrace.I snuggle upwards towards his face and my forehead rests on his for a time. The closet light is the only one on. The room is dim and quiet. I move my lips toward his and kiss them, which begins a dance between my mouth and his. Lips softly kiss and tongues slowly meet in between.Passion is building. It’s a passion we quietly invite as his hand moves downwards, caressing my thigh and rear. I hook my leg higher, just above his thigh. He starts rubbing in between my legs, pausing to quietly ask if it’s okay before he starts.I nod and then softly sigh and moan at his touch. I reach my hand to touch him in return. Soft moans are coming from both of us now as his shaft hardens at my touch. I kiss down his chest ending at his hard cock. I softly open my mouth and lick it gently a few times before taking it partially into my mouth.he moans louder again before asking if I would face the other way for a moment, and grab the lube while I’m at it. While I’m rummaging through our bedside drawer for the lube he tells me to grab one of my anal plugs too, but only if I want to.I decide to grab one—the large size of the three-size set. I had gotten them a year or two ago, when we first decided to experiment with them. I hand him the goods before returning to his hardening cock. His scent is intoxicating as I lick and suck him gently.Meanwhile he gives attention to my wet slit, lubing his fingers and slowly inserting them into me, nearly distracting me from what I was doing, as I feel his fingers along my inner walls softly entering and exiting my hole, stroking with tantalizing motions.Just as he had done earlier, it was my turn to moan in pleasure while he played with my tightening hole and made agonizingly slow circles on my clit with his thumb. Mixing my wetness with much more lube, he made his way to my back entrance while I took him further into my mouth.Slowly he inserted his index finger in and my nerve endings immediately lit up as a less-often-touched area of mine was breached. It was intense! I breathed deeply as he slowly stretched it and put another finger in. I was panting with both pleasure and surprise as I felt him continue to finger me there. I never quite get used to the intensity of anal play, so it’s only when I’m extraordinarily relaxed that we ever venture there.He asks before he inserts the plug and I agree, nearly forgetting to breathe as he slowly but surely pushes it in. I feel it push up against the undercarriage of my vagina, and I moan deeply as I feel the intense, filling, and pleasurable sensations, which somehow are even more filling than vaginal stimulation. I instantly relax my muscles as I’m taken with the feeling. He asks if I’d like to lay on my back and I agree.After I switch positions, he picks my legs up and throws them over his shoulders, then leans over to kiss me more while he penetrates my aching pussy from above. He goes gently at first. I feel both of my holes being filled at the same time and satisfaction shoots straight through me as I moan louder, begging him for more!He gets the message and goes faster, fulfilling my hungry desire with his hard shaft that pumps in and out of me, filling me over and over again. My eyes roll back a few times as this continues and I cry out “YES!” over and over. I feel him continue to grow inside of me, becoming harder and longer, only increasing my pleasure.“YES! YESSS! Thank you! Yessss!” I scream out, no longer caring if the neighbors would hear.I could tell he was nearing the finish line, but instead of pulling out to cum, he paused and leaned down asked in a hushed and panting voice if I would let him finish in my other hole. I told him I would.He slowly pulls out and I nod while he carefully removes the plug. Then he slides in slowly where the plug had just been. He increases his pace slowly, making sure I’m comfortable. But before long he is pounding me just as hard as before. He aggressively, forcefully rails the same sweet spot the plug had been nestled against, sending waves of hyper intense pleasure straight through me until something unexpected happened.“Oh my gosh! BRYCE! I’m… I’m CUMMING! ”The pleasure had hit its peak, and the summit was higher than I had ever been before. It’s as if I was thrown upwards into zero gravity before being tossed back down into my body by an overwhelming force of pleasure. I couldn’t believe it. I had never cum like this before. He kept going until he came inside me, filling me with warm cum. I laid there limp, unable to move while I assured him that I indeed had a great time and this was a good reaction.I just had to recover from that incredible orgasm first before I could go clean up.