I’ve described in some detail how my wife Mary has become multi-orgasmic in recent years. I’d strive to make each love-making session more enjoyable for her than the last. A bit of selfishness on my part? I believed if she experienced more and greater pleasure in making love, she would want it more—even to the point of initiating various sexual activities. So, get her to feel even better in our sexual activities, and I’d get to get more “activity.” This is where I could see some would view this as being selfish; I choose to believe it’s more of a a win-win situation.There was much success in this. I’ve discovered the improved stamina she’s developed, enjoying orgasm after orgasm, often building in their intensity. I’ve been nothing but amazed at how many orgasms she can experience without asking for our activity to stop. Sadly, this is not a result of PIV intercourse. Rather it’s from the use of my fingers augmented by some sex toys.I have learned that I get much enjoyment watching my love’s response to the attention given her. There are times I get so excited I almost cum. It’s a turn on listening to her building orgasms and watching her body movements and expressions, when she climaxes.Here’s the confession part:It’s hard for me not to cum soon after entering her wet and inviting love tunnel. I’ve been listening and watching her building up to and experiencing orgasms for a good 10-15 min. or more. I have to move very slowly to keep from exploding as I enter her. I attribute this to the excitement I get watching her response to my foreplay. And while I do enjoy the view, I would prefer to be able to last longer before ejaculating. I’d like to stay hard longer after I enter into that magical place inside her.I’ve come up with another idea.  In an earlier post, I mentioned Mary’s reluctance to touch her vagina or clit. I initially didn’t mind. I enjoyed watching her growing response to my touch. I’ve started asking her to apply lube to her external and internal pleasurable areas herself. This does slow my response to her building excitement. I’m busy kissing her mouth and neck, massaging, kissing and sucking her breasts. It’s a joy telling her how beautiful she looks as her excitement builds while she applies her lube.She started doing this, and I often reminded her to be sure to get some lube inside her. I noticed she began rubbing herself to a quick orgasm, maybe even a few. To confirm this was happening, I’ve moved my hand down and felt her rubbing her clit. This is definitely progress, and I look forward to further developments in this area.It also appears that I have greater stamina and last longer when engaging in early morning PIV activity. I used to prefer before-bedtime play as it ensures a deep restful sleep. I am learning the joy of early morning sexual enjoyment as I’m able to last longer.Have any of you men experienced a growth in sexual areas after focusing on your wife’s orgasms? Do you, like me, have trouble lasting long after helping her cum? What have you found helps you hold off on ejaculating once you finally slip inside?