I walk into the house, home early from work. My wife, Lacy, is usually out on her afternoon run at this time, so I enjoy a two-finger pour of bourbon, looking forward to a little alone time to de-escalate after a stressful work day. But as I head to my lounger, I hear a motor hum, accompanied by Lacy’s off-pitch singing.Halfway down the basement stairs, I stop, captivated by what greets my eyes. My Lacy is on the treadmill, her petite but curvaceous frame hugged by lycra running pants and a matching sports bra. The way her ass jiggles with each stride is so damn sexy.  She thinks it’s odd that no one passes her when she runs, but I see why. My cock begins to stir as I consider my amazing and sexy wife.I continue to the basement, undressing as I go. Lacy’s oblivious, singing along to her workout mix as I approach, my rock-hard cock pointing the way.  When I pause and start stroking, Lacy looks over her shoulder, smiles, and slows her footfalls as if to stop.“Keep running,” I say and step up behind her, balancing on the side rails and reaching around her on either side to grab the console handles. Her silky-clad ass rubs against the head of my cock with each bouncing step, and I moan. Bending my knees and pushing my hips closer, I’m able to angle my cock under her cheeks and feel her thighs brush and bump against me as she jogs.  I click the speed up a notch, and the heat builds between us. I feel her pants dampening slightly as my cock teases her outer lips.I gradually stop the treadmill, then pull back to work her yoga pants down below her ass. She looks back and grins, then gasps when she feels my cock against her pussy, sliding easily against the wet folds. Her eyes convey her hunger and desire to fuck.I grin and slowly pull back so my head now presses against her asshole. We’ve been experimenting with anal play lately, including me licking and rubbing her asshole and finger-tip penetration. Her eyes open wide and plead with me; she bites her lower lip as I press my fat cock against her asshole, feeling her stretch and open a little. I just bounce lightly, my tip barely entering her each time.Lacy moans low as she bends over the tread mill controls, raising the angle of her ass. I lean down and devour her sweet little pucker, loosening and wetting it. Then I place the head of my cock at that tightest of holes and wait.Lacy pushes back slowly, stopping frequently to adjust to the stretch. I feel her sphincter pulse, and she pulls forward and back a tiny bit as if she just can’t hold still. Then she takes me in a little farther and pauses again.The wait is excruciating, but there’s no way I’ll force anything and ruin this. She wants it—what a blessing. For my part, I keep adding moisture from my mouth to our juncture to ease my passage. I let her go at her pace, and soon she’s all the way back on my cock. It feels incredible.Lacy looks back, moans, and smiles—she looks so proud of herself. I squeeze her waist in lieu of a hug and grin back.“How does that feel?” I ask her.“Not too bad,” she assures me. “But it’s not wet and slick like my pussy, is it.”“No.” I frown. “I wish we had some lube.”“If you pull out now and we head to the bedroom, I don’t know if I’ll want to go through that process again. But tell you what,” she offers. “If we just rock a little, like this…”Lacy starts to undulate forward and back, and I follow her movements so there’s only the slightest friction between us. As I enjoy the incredible tightness around me, she reaches down to rub her clit.“That’s it, baby,” I encourage her. “Come for me.”With the incredible new stretching sensation, it’s not very long at all before I feel Lacy’s sphincter contract rhythmically around me. There’s a new wetness inside too. I tentatively pull out a bit and slide back in, and each slow stroke spreads the wetness and eases my passage. She’s a little looser now, too, with the relaxing effect of her orgasm. Her eyes flutter open, and I wait for her reaction.“Oh, wow,” she says, “how did that happen? It’s not…?” She looked a bit worried.“No, no,” I reassure her. “It–it’s almost like you… like your ass came.”Lacy resumes rubbing her pussy. “Let’s try. Go real slow, though. I’ll let you know if it’s not okay.”Carefully, I withdraw and begin to stroke. She moans, and I pause, but she nods for me to continue.“That’s… nice. It actually feels pretty good now.” She sounds surprised. “A little faster?”Over the next few minutes, I increase my pace and force. Lacy asks me to drop more saliva at one point, but after that, she’s all in, even pushing back to meet my thrusts. I’m not pounding her by any means, but I’m not having to be terribly gentle either.She reaches back with one hand to grab my opposite wrist, locking eyes with me. Hers are widening, and I know she had another orgasm building.“Fuck me. Please, baby, cum in my ass,” she pleads as her other hand works her pussy faster. “aaAaAA—UUUuuhhnnnn!”Lacy cums violently. Her knees buckle, and I wrap my arm under her to hold her up as she shakes. Her juices gush from her pussy and down her legs and mine, as her sphincter convulses rapidly around me again.It’s more than I can take. My cock explodes deep in her ass, shooting hard blasts that leave me weak. When I can, I slide my arms up her torso until she’s upright against my chest, her bra-clad breasts resting on my stacked forearms.  My tender kisses drop onto her shoulder and neck as her head lolls drunkly to the side.Shrinkage makes withdrawal automatic, and the new slickness inside her prevents any discomfort to her well-used ass.  Dripping, Lacy turns around and we hug and kiss. I shudder with an aftershock of pleasure, and her grin pulls Lacy’s lips from mine.“I think that’s something I’ll want to do again,” she tells me. “Though I think we should wait till tomorrow to talk about how often.”I nodded against her forehead, speechless.“Give me five minutes in the bathroom?” Lacy asked. “Then I’d love it if you joined me for a soak in the tub.”That sounded great to me.