Her fingers hovered shakily over the keyboard both from nervousness, and if she were honest, more than a little excitement. “Gifts” was his lowest ranking love language, but she wanted to give him something. Something special, something unexpected, and a gift that he would actually enjoy.The word itself made her wet; boudoir. Whispering it aloud sent shivers down her spine. It’s implications caused her nipples to shove themselves against the silky fabric of her bra. It spoke of something dark, daring, and all but forbidden. It had been on her mind for a while, but she didn’t know if she had the courage. The way she would be dressed. The way she would be undressed. And the way she would intentionally pose in front of a stranger pushed the limits of her resolve. But she just couldn’t get away from from what she hoped would be the results.She filled out the contact information and paused again. While one finger hovered above the mouse, another glided between her slippery lips. A moan escaped her mouth. And when when that same finger touched her clit, her pussy made the decision for her. There was no turning back now. In her state of hyper arousal, she stripped completely at the desk and gave in to her need. Later that evening her pussy was still tingling and the taste of his cum still on her tongue. She drifted into a contented slumber.When the day came, she sent him to work with a dazed grin, then prepared her body for the camera. The steam in the shower matched the heat in her pussy and she couldn’t resist. Three times she screamed his name before kneeling in a heap on the shower floor. She rinsed for the last time as the shower grew cold. When she stepped out, her inflamed pussy was still begging for more.“Not now,” she told her. “A little later, I promise.”She walked into the studio, and the all female staff immediately made her feel welcome. They chatted like old friends while preparing her hair and makeup. When the results were revealed, she couldn’t help but admire her reflection. She wasn’t twenty anymore, but the staff showered her with affirmation, and she had to admit, the reflection didn’t lie.Feeling pretty, she was led to the changing room. “A little unnecessary”, she thought to herself, considering what she was about to do. She chuckled, but she did appreciate the professionalism. She took stock in the tiny piles of lace and clothing in front of her. A more daring mindset had chosen them; they would be scandalous in almost any other setting. With deep breaths and shaky hands she stripped and slipped into her first choice.The scalloped lace teddy glided over her skin and left little to the imagination. The wine red matched her nails. Turning this way and that, she assessed the view. She almost gave in to her negative perception of the extra pounds and the effects of age.“No,” she thought. “Not today”.Her mind landed on her husband. She knew he found her sexy. She knew he thought of her as beautiful. But as she looked her body up and down, an startling realization hit her. She needed to see herself the way he did.Before the tears could fall and ruin her makeup, she opened the door and forced a smile. The photographer seemed to understand and wrapped her in a hug. “Just wait until you see, gorgeous. You need to see how beautiful you are.” Her words were soothing and she relaxed a bit.“We’ll start with soft and shy, then sweet and teasing. Then if you feel it, we’ll release the sexy woman within.”The photographer was true to her word, and and after the first couple of poses, she started to loosen up. When it was time for a wardrobe change, she started thinking she might actuallybebeautiful.Her next choice was his dress shirt. The one he’d worn on Sunday. The one that still smelled like him. She closed it around her and only fastened the bottom three buttons. She slid on the sheer panties and stepped out before she lost her nerve. His scent helped and she felt more and more daring. When it was time for the last pose, she unfastened the buttons and let her panties fall. A vixen had awakened.With her final change complete, she strode onto the set confidently wearing only a crotchless butterfly g-string. Her very first pose was provocative and she pretended the lens was his gaze. With her mind in a sultry haze, she held nothing back. She tried to speak to her husband through every look and every pose. This set her body on fire and the wetness trickled down while the shutter clicked.She was waiting for her husband at the front door, and it had barely clicked when she attacked. Her frenzied heat had caught him off guard, but he recovered quickly. His ministrations guided them each to sweet release. Afterwards, she lay contented in his arms. She hoped her gift would be received in the spirit with which she gave it.The studio called her to review the images, and when she arrived, her nerves had returned. But her apprehension was short lived because when she stared at the screen, an alluring beauty stared back. As image after image presented itself, she was stunned at the view. This time, the tears did flow. For the first time in a very long time, she saw herself for what the camera had captured. Beautiful, raw, passionate, and sexy. With no regrets, she said, “I’ll take them all,” and left the studio in eager anticipation for her husband’s reaction.He came home to a candlelit table and her sitting there wearing nothing but a shear robe.When he wondered aloud about the cause for the occasion, she said, “I have a surprise for you.” “A special gift that I made with you in mind.”When she retrieved the portfolio, she placed it in his hands and sat nervously across from him. He opened the book and slowly turned the pages. “Wow… When did you… How did you…”“Are you mad at me?”“Mad?” “God, no.” “They’re beautiful. You’re beautiful.” “You’re the sexiest fucking thing I have ever seen.”A blush spread across her cheeks and she moved to his lap. She thought she might be embarrassed by him looking at pictures someone else had taken. But with each page turned, his words of affirmation warmed her heart. And the hardness poking her thigh warmed her pussy.When he reached the end, she asked, “Which one is your favorite?”. He guided her to her feet then stood in front of her. He kissed her hard, then opened her robe and said, “This one.” With a moan, she started to her knees, but he stopped  her and pushed her against the counter. He kissed his way down her neck, over each breast, then stared at her from his knees.“You’re an exotic, sultry queen, and don’t you ever forget it.”With that, he buried his face in her cunt and devoured her. She placed her hands on his head and gave in to the pleasure as his tongue feasted on her folds. After she cried out his name in orgasmic bliss, he kissed her again and led her to the bedroom.There, he took his time and made love to her whole body. He paid special attention to the parts of her she struggled to accept. Soon, she found herself begging in sweet agony before he finally released his seed deep within her. She lay her head on his chest and drew her leg across his before drifting into a contented slumber.She awoke sometime in the night to find herself alone. Wandering from the bedroom, she heard something in the kitchen. A little scared, she padded lightly down the hall. The sight before her changed the fear to fervor. She stepped forward when she saw her husband, naked and stroking himself to the images of a vixen.