(A) – This story contains anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.* Additional note from MH: As the author acknowledges, this is an extreme story that involves intense and potentially risky play. It includes things like degradation, anal-to-vaginal intercourse, and “water sports” or pee play. Of course, this all occurs within the context of a monogamous marriage with both spouses consenting, but we recognize some readers may be turned away by this content. Reader discretion is advised.Making a MessCindy here: the following content is hardcore XXX in graphic written form. You’ve been warned.Prior to this scene you’re about to read Cal and I were in role-play mode. We were pretending he was having an affair and I was the other girl. Just before he was going to take the girl I was playing, he rejected her (or me lol). Anyway, it was the hottest thing ever and the following is what came next.I took a shower in my hotel room, where I performed a deep cleaning, and I mean deep—I was planning on giving Cal every hole he wanted and in any order. I put on a very sexy little piece of lingerie, which was more straps and chains then anything else, then I tossed a form-fitting pea coat over that and slipped into some heels. I joined another couple in the elevator to head to the floor where Cal’s room was. I couldn’t believe that Cal even rented an extra room just so the girl I had been role-playing couldn’t take him back to her room. His words were something to the effect of, “Why would I ever cheat on my wife? She’s on the way now, you should leave.”I walked through the longest hallway ever, I finally made it to room 769. I knocked on the door and waited…Within a minute, the door opens and my handsome, strong, muscular, topless husband greets me wearing just a towel.“Strip,” he orders.I grab my wedding band and engagement ring from the pocket of the coat and put them on my finger before looking left and right and slowly unbuttoning the pea coat, still standing in the hall.I open the coat, letting him admire my body clad in lingerie that screams ‘Use me how you please!’ Then, still standing in the doorway, I let the coat fall to the ground.Cal strips the towel and tosses it behind him as he goes to his knees and starts kissing my stomach and running his hands along my legs and ass. I notice him multitask and grab the coat to toss it into the room.I run my hands through his hair and say, “I know we changed things up for tonight, but I still want it hard. Don’t hold back, Cal.”Cal looks up at me with desire in his eyes as he rises to his feet, his touch lingering on my skin. His hands move with purpose, exploring every curve, every inch of my body clad in straps masquerading as lingerie. I feel his hunger, his need for me, matching my own.“I’ve been craving you all day,” he murmurs huskily, his voice low with arousal. He stands and presses his body closer, igniting a fire between us.I stand on my toes, capturing his lips in a fierce kiss, tasting his desire. His hands grip my waist, pulling me closer, and I feel his hard body against me, a promise of what’s to come.“I need you,” I whisper breathlessly against his lips. “I think we should get out of this doorway.”“You know you like the rush that anyone might see you,” he says and turns me around to feel me up. I’m so exposed, and he’s right, there’s this rush that flows through me.“This isn’t an adults only resort,” I remind him as I reach back and take a firm grip of his thick, semi-hard cock.Without a warning, he takes hold of the strap that goes around my neck and yanks me backward into the room and the door shuts. The anticipation builds with each step, knowing that tonight will be intense, raw, and exactly what we both crave.Suddenly he forces me to my knees and yanks my hair so I’m looking directly at the ceiling. From behind me, his cock trails across my face and I open my mouth. My back has to arch so much to suck him in at this angle. He’s not fully hard yet and he’s still pushing deep into my throat. His balls are over my nose and he smells like MAN!He spins me around and I place my hands on his glorious thighs as I open wide and look in his eyes. He spits into my mouth and I spit it back onto his cock before throwing my head over him. He goes balls deep. I feel him harden in my mouth and throat and as I pull back saliva pours out of my mouth and falls to my tits and strings between us.He takes hold of the base of his cock and slaps my tongue several times. I’m already so sloppy, saliva literally splashes.“Fucking yes, daddy,” I say as I grip his cock and take him back in.The sounds coming out of my throat as he pounds back and forth are so incredibly wet. After a particularly forceful thrust deep into my throat, he holds himself in. I gag a little and begin to tear up. This is so perfectly hard, my favorite challenge ever: how long can I keep Cal down my throat? In an attempt to take his cock even further, I shake my head from side to side and slide him deeper. I open wide and am able to lick his balls.He pulls out and holds my head so I’m looking up at him. I take saliva with my fingers from my mouth as I blow messy bubbles for him and spread strings of saliva all over my face and down onto my tits.“How long can my little slut keep this up for?” He asks with a firm grip on my hair which is slick from saliva. His tone is harsh, but I know he’s asking because he genuinely cares.“As long as you’re hard, daddy.” I spit hard onto his cock and he spits in my face as I lick his shaft before my spit has a chance to drip off.“You’re in for a surprise,” he says. “I took a little blue pill, and a pill for heavier loads.” He pushes his cock back down my throat, and I take it like a champion cock sucker. He starts fucking my face as hard as he can. I know my mascara is running because I’m full on tearing up, and I purposely wore cheap mascara.“I’m going to cum,” he growls.I know my job. I pull back and start stroking him with my tongue out and mouth open. Immediately two huge ropes enter my mouth and collide with my uvula causing me to gag as I stroke him more. More cum drenches my face and tits. He was right about those pills. Every rope is just as full as the previous. He grabs me by the ring on the choker and forces me to stand, leading me into the bathroom and pushing my face within inches of the mirror.I’ve missed this treatment so much.“You look like such a pretty slut,” I say to my reflection. Then I feel him at my entrance and he effortlessly slides into my wet pussy.I put my hand against the mirror to avoid slamming my face into it, but Cal has other plans. He takes both my hands and holds them together at the small of my back with one of his large hands. Then he grabs my hair and makes me watch my reflection. Cum is dripping down my face and tits and then he pushes my head into the mirror and wipes my face across it.“Yes, yes,” I see him spit on the mirror just in front of my face and I slurp it up. I’ve needed this treatment for months. Our sex is always good, but recently we’ve been making love, not fucking, and getting fucked is what the doctor ordered!Then just before I climax, he slows down and pulls out. I turn around a look of utter desperation on my face. I wanted that orgasm.“Daddy,” I plead with a single word.He picks me up and sits me on the counter he was just fucking me over. He places my legs behind my head, folding me over myself, as if I stay in shape and flexible just for his pleasure.“Finger yourself,” he orders.I want to protest. I’m in a total easy-to-use position, but I comply. I wipe cum off of my tits and rub it over my clit and then I start fingering my pussy.“You look so hot when you’re a mess.” He stands a few feet away from me and strokes his cock as he watches me fuck myself.“I’m going to cum, daddy,” I say and start rubbing so fast and hard that my wetness is nearly splashing.He grabs my hand just before I reach climax and stops me, then buries his cock into me and takes me right to the edge. He suddenly stops pounding me and whispers in my ear, “How bad do you want to cum?”“Daddy, please, I fucking need to.” I see the lust in him. I try to roll my hips, but it’s difficult while I’m in a position meant to immobilize me.He slowly slides his cock out of my pussy and starts pushing himself into my ass. My mouth gapes from the pressure and he uses the opportunity to spread cum from my face and into my mouth. Once his head is in, he pulls out, then slides back in and goes all the way in.I try to moan “Fuuuuuuck,” but it gets muffled as Cal drives two fingers deep into my mouth. Then with his other hand he fingers my pussy as he drives his cock into my ass over and over and over.It throws me over the edge. Sometimes I squirt a little. This time, by the time I’m done gushing and squirting all over Cal’s torso, it feels like there’s no fluid left in my petite body.He starts pounding me harder as I keep squirting. Then he pulls out, goes to his knees, and starts eating me out like he’s going to die of thirst. I give him what he wants as he rubs my clit—I squirt directly into his mouth and over his face.He stands back up and I open wide. He drools my ejaculate into my mouth and slips his cock back into my pussy. (If you’ve never done anal to vaginal, but would like to surprise your husband with one of the naughtiest things you can do for him, make sure to clean and clean well.) [Note from MH: While this probably reduces risks, vaginal intercourse after anal intercourse without thorough cleaning in between is still not a recommended practice.]I swallow some and drool the rest. “Fuck, that was amazing, Cal,” I say bringing my legs back to a normal posture and wrap them around him.“What do you mean ‘was’ amazing?” he growls, “I just started with you. You know how long I can go after taking Hims.”“Take me out of this fucking lingerie, I need to be naked for this,” I say and when he pulls back. I grab his shaft as the front of his cock is still in me and I stroke him.“Not yet.” He pulls out and grabs a leather strap, bringing me to the ground. He puts me on my hands and knees and fingers my ass and pussy at the same time. Then he whispers in my ear, “I know you want it rough, but give me a word that you want to be able to describe tonight as.”I moan softly. He is not disappointing me. I look him in his eyes and say, “Degradation. Make me nothing but a set of holes. Degrade me.”We’re not strangers to this type of rough and nasty sex, but it’s been a while.He forces me to crawl from the bathroom at his side and he sits on the edge of the bed. I start sucking his balls hard. He just came a lot and I want them full again.I feel him unstrap the lingerie and it falls to the carpet. The chains clanging. He adjust his ass and I go from licking his balls to licking his asshole. Fuck I love it, I realize he even shaved back there, he knew what he was planning for tonight.“Use me like your toy,” I beg him with drool and cum running down my faceHe turns around and bends over the bed. He positions his cock and balls so they’re pointing down, forced by the side of bed. I know better than to finger his ass without permission, but I dig my tongue into him as I stroke his cock.He reaches back and slides his cock down my throat. It’s so hard in this position, but I take him deeper and deeper until he pulls out and I lick the underside of his shaft to his balls, taint, and ass.I sit higher and press a nipple to his cock and rub it with my tit. I’m such a mess, I take a scoop of cum and spit from my chest and slurp it into my mouth before spitting it into his asshole and continuing to toss his salad with my hungry tongue.“Daddy,” I say with a thorough lick of his cock, “I want this dick back in me so fucking bad!”Then he decides to bend me back over and spits all over my ass and pussy. His rock hard cock once again fills my ass and he pounds and pumps then he pushes my head to the floor.He’s fucking me like he’s about to cum and he pulls out and manhandles me so that I’m upside down. The back of my head is on the ground and my back is against the side of the bed. He holds my legs down, so I’m once again folded.He stands over me and goes back and forth from my ass to my pussy, using me like the toy I begged him to make me. He cums one rope into my ass, pulls out as he’s still cumming and enters my sopping wet pussy to give me a creampie. There’s not as much as last time, but there’s enough that even in this upside down position, cum floods out of me as he pulls out. He puts two fingers in my pussy and scoops out more cum, then swipes it down my pussy and lets it fall onto the rest of my body. In this bent-over, upside-down position I’m in, most of it lands on the underside of my tits, but some hits my lips and I push it into my mouth.Then he starts rubbing my pussy with his entire hand. It takes me over the edge and I orgasm again. This time I don’t squirt, but my pussy does fill up with my cum and as he continues using his hand, pussy juice splashes all over.“I want to be the nastiest I’ve ever been for you,” I say as I right myself.He grabs me by my throat and lifts me. I can feel his grip slipping as we’re both covered in natural lubricants.“How nasty?” he asks and spits on me again.I stroke his cock. It’s surprisingly still hard, but not as hard as before. Those pills really work. “You’ve fed me plenty of cum, daddy. I need a drink.”(Warning: “water works” or pee play come next.)“Fuck, you’re so naughty,” he says and spins me around. He slaps my ass. “Go kneel in the bathtub.”I saunter toward the bathroom, knowing he’s following me.“Remember when I said I wanted you to totally degrade me, daddy. I need this,” I say stepping into the tub and kneeling. He stands in front of me outside of the tub holding his cock.Then it starts—the warm stream splashing onto my face. I can tell he’s aiming for the cum that I’m covered in.“Don’t clean me,” I reach forward and grab his cock and aim him right into my mouth.It fills in seconds and I swallow, and the stream continues as I close my mouth. I reopen it and swallow once more.As the flow slows I lean back. “Thank you daddy.”I do something I’ve always wanted to do but never have. I lean down and slurp some of my drink from the bottom of the tub, as much of it didn’t make it into my mouth.“Fuck, I love you,” he says as he steps into the tub and goes to turn the shower on. I stop him.“I’m not ready to get clean,” I say and suck his cock back into my mouth.I’m going to end here, but not because we ended our session—nope, we used every second that pill gave us. And yes we ended up showering but it wasn’t the cleanest shower. Let me know in the comments if you want a part two.I really hope you enjoyed that story. And if you have questions about water sports—more commonly referred to as golden showers—check outthis MH post.