This post contains strong language (L) and includes anal play (A).Ahhhh, late spring. Our favorite time of year as God’s amazing creation is in full swing. It’s a time of rebirth, a new season. Flowers bloom under a sun that rides ever higher in the blue sky. Songbirds greet the day while neighbors mow their yards, dogs bark, and hummingbirds whiz by overhead. The days are longer and hotter, and it seems everyone is outdoors, tending to their gardens, hiking, or riding bikes and motorcycles. A new sense of energy is in the air.Love is also in the air. As the old song from Ella Fitzgerald proclaimed decades go:“Birds do it, bees do it—even educated fleas do it.”Yet another common thread we humans share with the animal kingdom: we all mate—some of us more often than others. My husband and I like to mate— a lot! And we like to watch others mate. Gazing out onto our backyard, we observe a pair of robins in the act. We saw a couple of squirrels do the deed the other day. And last night, we spied our neighbor’s dogs going at it.And yes, we have been blessed to witness dear friends of ours mate, happily married and devoted to one another in love and service. It was such a privilege to see them expressing their God-given love for one another through the precious gift of marital sex, an incredible gift from Above. (Both couples being nudists certainly made such a situation easier.)My dear hubby Ken hinted last year how much he really wanted a pair of Adirondack chairs with custom cushions, tables, and footrests for next season. And wouldn’t you know it, Costco was having a sale last week! So as a surprise to Ken, I placed an order so they’d be here upon his return from his latest business trip.Ken loves surprises, especially the ones I give him. And after a week on the road, what better surprise to come home to than to his beautiful wife, with open arms—and open legs—seductively sitting upon a brand new Adirondack chair in our freshly mowed backyard and welcoming him home?Thanks to the Life360 app, I was able to track his progress from the airport to our home. Timing is everything, and so is the preparation. The attention is in the details.After a luxurious candle-lit, late-morning bubble bath with mimosas while serenaded by Michael Bublé, it was time to make my special surprise a reality. But first, I would need a little help from a trusted confidant.“Hey, Sis, can you drop by in about an hour?”“Hey, Kate. Not even a Hello or how are you?”“I’m sorry. You know I love you and all that,” I said with a laugh.“OK, that’s better. So what do you need me for this time?”“You know those Adirondack chairs Ken wanted? I bought a pair, and they’re now sitting in the backyard. I want to surprise him when he gets home this afternoon.”“Oh, cool! Yes, I’d like to see them up close and personal. Thinking about grabbing a pair myself.”“Well, that’s exactly what I referring to. Ken’s driving back from the airport and should be here in about 90 minutes. Told him I bought him a nice surprise.”“You want me to inspect the chairs before he gets home?”“No, I want you to help me pull off the surprise.”“I’ll be over in about 30 minutes. Should I bring anything?”“Just your lovely self…and that new perfume Ken likes…and some of your zip ties please.”“Perfume and zip ties… Now I see where you’re going with this. See you soon.”20 Minutes Later…“Come on in…you’re early.”“Well, I observed the three “No’s” and saved time.”“What are the three “No’s?”“No traffic, no make-up, and no bra.”“And you still look fabulous to me—give me a smooch and a big hug, Sis.”(smack)Good, I see you brought your bag of tricks. Let’s go out back.”“Wow Kate, those are beautiful chairs and matching cushions and accessories. So tell me, what are we doing here exactly? What’s your cunning plan?”“Well, I’m about to strip naked right here in our backyard; you’re going to help me apply baby oil over every square inch of my body, then tie me to that new chair just in time for Ken’s arrival.”“How cool! Yes, let’s get to it. Too bad I can’t stick around and hide somewhere. I’d love to see his reaction.”“You could, you know. Look up at the corners of our house just under the gutters. Like our new security cameras?”“Wow, didn’t notice them. Nice concealed placement. But isn’t he watching us plan all this right now on his phone?”“Nope, I’ve temporarily disabled the system. And you’re going to reactivate everything on your way out.”“Deal! Now let’s get to work. Ken will be here before we know it.”—“Hey Google, text Kate.”“OK, texting Kate. What would you like me to say?”“Hey, Kate, light traffic. Google Maps says I’ll be there in 20 minutes. Cunt wait to see you. I’m cumming soon! Xoxo”“Message sent.”—“Shit, that’s Ken’s text alert tone. What’s he saying, Sis?”“Let’s see…oh, he’ll be here in 20 minutes. Should I write him back as you?”“Yep, better hurry. Let’s see, tell him I’m a little tied up right now getting his surprise ready and will see him soon.”“You don’t want me to tell him you can’t wait to fuck his brains out, choke on his cock, and swallow his cum after he eats your luscious hairy pussy?”“Sis, don’t give it away. Otherwise, I’d say yes, of course.”“Okay, okay. I won’t say that… this time.”“Thanks. Oh, please run in and grab that half-frozen bottle of Jose Cuervo Margarita Mix from the fridge. Bring it out with two margarita glasses and place them on that side table.”—What did she mean by saying she was all tied up getting my surprise ready? That’s interesting. I wonder if she’s up to something. I remember what happened that one time I went on an extended business trip. She and her sisterplotted quite a surprise.—“Well, Sis, how do I look? Your zip ties fit nicely around my ankles securing them to the sides of the chair. And my arms align perfectly along the arms of the chair, secured at my wrists and elbows. Not too snug; you left me a little wiggle room. I think I’m ready for action.”“Yeah, Kate, you’re looking good, really good, especially with your legs splayed open like that. Doesn’t leave much to the imagination. And you’ve only been naked out here for around 10 minutes, so not much of a chance of getting too much sun this time.”“You said it. I’m starting to get hot and sweaty.”“Just like your pussy, I bet.”Giggling, I said, “and please apply some more baby oil along my side boobs. I don’t want to take any chances. Yes, right there, thank you.”“You know what Kate, my boobs are longer but your boobs are wider. See?” (Sis pulled up her top, displaying her glorious rack.)“Oh Sis, you going to start that again? Even at our ages, sibling rivalry never quite dies, does it?’ Now please make sure there is plenty applied to my inner thighs and along the soft flesh of my pleasure trail.”“All leading to the Promised Land, right? Along that sacred path to Kate’s Enchanted Forest?”“You mean Lady Garden.”“Whatever you call that lush patch of vegetation between your legs. Good call keeping the weeds well-trimmed and edged.”“Well, of course! You taught me the fine art of grooming south of the border in high school, remember? Anyway, he’ll be here soon. Quick, kiss me for good luck, and remember to reactivate the system.”(Mmmmmwahh!)“Love you, Sis; thanks again.”“Love you too Kate, now enjoy yourself. And don’t stay out here too long in the direct sunlight with your body swathed in all that baby oil. Especially your nether regions.”—Ah, home sweet home. Home is where the heart is—and where my incredible wife is. I’m so fortunate and thankful God gifted me with this woman to go through life with. Such a blessing. I can’t wait to see her surprise…“Hi Katie, I’m home! Hello… Honey? Anyone home?”“Hi honey, I’m out here in the back. Come join me. Are you alone?”“Of course I’m alone. Why would you ask me th… What the…? Oh. My. G…”“What do you think? Do you like your new chair? I picked it out just for you, honey. I thought we could break it in together. Right now.”“Damn girl—look at you! How did you… configure… yourself like that? You look incredible, bound to that new Adirondack. And did you cover yourself in… baby oil? Be still my heart!”“You like?”“I love. But how did you… affix yourself… to the chair? That must have taken some doing. I’m quite impressed.”“Oh,l honey, you should know by now that magicians never tell their secrets. Now, I don’t want to be the only one naked out here enjoying the seclusion of our backyard. Take off those clothes and join me.”“You don’t have to tell me twice. You look incredible, the way your skin is reflecting the bright sunlight. Wow, that’s really sexy how your entire body is shimmering, Especially the lovely baby-down peach fuzz on your arms and thighs. You know how much I love that. Nicely done.”“I’m glad you approve. And from the look at the stiff monster down there, I’d say he must really like what he sees.”“Let me show you just how much he is enjoying the view…”With that, Ken got on his knees in the freshly mowed green grass, reached up, and kissed me while wrapping his arms around my neck. Our lips gently parted, enabling our hungry tongues to get reacquainted after spending too much time apart.“Oh, baby, you’re such an incredible kisser. And you smell so good. I love that scent. Your breasts feel so wonderful pressing into my chest.”“Mmmmm, thank you, Ken. You are the incredible kisser, though. Quit talking and kiss me some more. I really missed you.”Our breathing dramatically sped up as the passion thermometer kept rising. I started moaning upon feeling the ignition of a fire smoldering deep within me.“Oh, baby, I love this sensation of your breasts swathed in all that baby oil. Really sensuous against my chest. And really warm too. Ahhhhhhhhhh.”“Mmmmmmmm, my sexy man with that sexy hairy chest. I love how it pancakes these big titties.”“Oh yes, Kate, I adore your BLTs. I’ve really missed seeing and playing with them.”“They’re all yours, honey. I love that you love my Big Luscious Tits. That’s it, knead them like when you watch me knead dough. That’s it, knead them, Ken. Knead them, babe. Mmmmmmmmm, just like that. Mmmmm, I love watching your big strong hands working my titties. Ahhhhhhhh.”“Damn girl, they’re so heavy in my hands. So full… overflowing my palms. And you know how much I adore and missed your half-dollar sized areola. So damn sexy. And so slippery bathed in all that baby oil.”As Ken continued gently kneading my sensitive breasts, lifting and molding them in his hands, I began squirming against the zip ties securing me to the Adirondack.“Ahhhhhhhhhhh, you’re a master sculptor, Ken. This is sooooo nice, I wish I could touch myself while you do that. Mmmmmmmmmmm.”Ever so slowly with his tongue, Ken gently traced my soft peach fuzz pleasure trail, starting at my navel and slowly working his way north, pausing to drop tender kissing along its path. I was really starting to move now, yet the restraints held me firmly in place.Continuing his journey between my globes, Ken focused his attention on my now blood-engorged nipples. I was panting as he gently bit, pulled, and twirled both nipples between his thumb and index finger. Eyes closed, I threw my head back in total ecstasy. I was helpless, and my husband knew it.“Good lord, Kate, look at your fucking nipples, swollen like ripe strawberries. Damn girl, that’s so hot.” Ken nipped and sucked harder. I began to lose it.“Oh, Ken, Ken… you know these nipples are directly connected to my… clit.” Between taking deeper breaths while panting, somehow I was able to utter, “Please don’t stop. Keep doing just like that so I can cum. I’m almost there. Oohhhhhhhh… so… nice.”Ken stopped manipulating my swollen nipples, lifting my tits upwards to my mouth.“I want you to enjoy what I’ve been enjoying Katie. Let me watch you at work.”With pleasure, I sucked and lapped at each nipple with enough force that the smacking sound echoed off the privacy fence surrounding our backyard. I lost it when I started pulling on my own nipples with my teeth.“Oh god, oh god.” I mumbled around my nipple. “I’m cumming… I’m cum—Ahhhhhh, Ahhhhh, Ahhhhhh… Ohhhhhhh, Ohhhhh, Ohhhhhh, Mmmmmm, Mmmmm, Mmmmmmmmmm. Feels… so… fucking… good. So… good! Ahhhhhhhhh.” The waves just kept rolling in. “Please, Ken, stick your fingers in my pussy. Ple—Mmmmmmmmm, mmmmmmm. Ohhhhhhhh…”Moments later, Ken placed both hands on my fuzzy blonde thighs for balance, then dove face-first into my overheated sex.“Damn girl, you’re soaked,” he said, looking up. “And that’s not baby oil, either. You taste really, really nice.”“Right there baby, right there. Your mouth and tongue feel wonderful. Oh, yeah… oh, yeah… mmmmm. You’re my magic man. Ahhhhhhhh. Lick me, baby, I’m so wet for you; I can’t last much longer. Lick me all over down there. Please, please, lick me. I crave the heat of your breath and tongue exploring me. That’s it; moisten all my fur with your mouth. Lap me… and all my holes… Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh.”Ken licked, inhaled, and gently tugged my hair with his teeth with two fingers buried inside. When he came up for air, his cheeks glistened with my wetness. I enjoyed the sensation of another finger slowly inching its way up my tight puckered hole.“Ok Ken, let me lick my juices off your face, you know how much I love to taste myself. Please Ken, please.”Greedily, I licked my juices off his stubbly face. Damn, I taste really good.“Oh, I love how I taste, Ken. I love it. Mmmmmmmmmm. Soooooo goooood.”Ken withdrew his fingers, reached across the table for the cold sweaty bottle of Jose Cuervo, and took a long pull of the slushy margarita mix. Then, tilting my head back, Ken carefully put the bottle to my lips, and I gulped down several long swallows, both cooling and warming my throat.“Ken, what are you…..ahhh, ahhhhh, ahhhhhh!” I shouted as he proceeded to fuck me with that bottle. “OOOOOOOO, Mmmm, Mmmmm, oooomph, oooomph, I… cumming! I’m cumming. Ahhhhhhhhhh!”I lost it again when Ken began eating me—this time while pouring the margarita mix across my heaving breasts, down my torso, and soaking my cunt. Licking the margarita mix from my pussy with two fingers inside, his tongue kept alternating between my overstimulated nub and drenched asshole, causing me to explode again.“Oh god, I’m cumm……YES. YES. YES. Ahhh, Ahhhhh. So….damn…good! Sooo good! Ahhhhhhhhhh.” As the contractions ended, I begged, “Fuck me, Ken; fuck me now. Mmmmm!” I literally gasped for air, then screamed, as Ken effortlessly entered me to the hilt. “Oh, my husband… my husband… fuck me, baby. Yes, fuck me… Oh, how I love you, Ken. Mmm, that’s it right there. Pound me, baby, pound me. Yes, my groom. My kindred and soul mate. Never leave me my husband… never… leave… Ahhhhhhhhhh! Mmmm, mmmm, mmmmm. Pound me!”And pound me he did, the tight walls of my vagina squeezing him until he exploded, depositing his hot load deep within me. His rough masculinity contrasted with my soft, nurturing femininity, just as God created his children to be.Spent from his orgasm, Ken went down on me again, now lapping up our juices from my still pulsating pussy, the magical scent and taste of our shared passion mingled with the margarita mix.Pulling the pocket knife from his pants in the pile next to him, he expertly cut off my zip ties. Instantaneously, I wrapped my arms and legs around my man, never wanting to release him from this embrace. We kissed deeply, together partaking of our organic nectar until our tongues tenderly bid their farewells as we savored then swallowed the taste of each other until there was no more.“Oh Ken, I love you so much. You’ll never know how much I love you.”“My dear Katie, you are my life. Never leave me. I so don’t deserve you, and I thank God every day for you, my beloved.”We clung to each other tightly in the warm afterglow of our lovemaking as our vitals slowly returned to normal. We didn’t want this sacred moment to end.I heard it first, a strange buzzing sound. That wasn’t one of our hummingbirds; what was it?Gazing up into the clear blue sky, shading my eyes, I whispered into my husband’s ear.“Ken… is… that a drone?”To be continued…