(L) – This story contains strong language.Our massage table had sat folded up lonely in the corner for months. We got it out a couple of weeks ago so it could be our staging area for our cruise packing. But when we got home from our cruise, we left it up for a week. Then this morning we had some married massage fun.We do thisau naturel. So we were happily starkers. My wife, Melody, insisted that I go first. So I laid down on the massage table, face down. Melody excels at ANYTHING she does, so from past experience I knew this was gonna be good!“Good” in our massage sessions includes therapeutic massage and erotic/sexual massage. So Melody began working the knots out of my back, buns, and legs. She used her elbows on the tougher knots. That is always a case of “Hurts So Good!” Feeling the relief in muscle tension makes the pain worth it.This therapeutic massage IS mostly just that: therapeutic. But perhaps it is still quite sensual without being sexual. It is certainly a good way to serve our spouse.We aren’t into S&M, but our deep tissue massages certainly can hurt. [Note from MarriageHeat for readers: S&M stands for Sadism and Masochism, part of the better-known BDSM acronym. In a sexual context, this refers to the practice of incorporating some kind of pain into sexual play, which enhances pleasure for some people.]I guess that DID get us both going. Because then Melody rolled me over and rubbed coconut oil all over my nethers. Yes, it felt incredible! I was already getting hard, but I went to full mast pretty quickly. Then she massaged my legs, my arms and hands, and my torso. She kept “accidentally” sliding one hand over to massage my hard cock.Then she moved to the head of the bed. Oddly enough, I still had not really looked at her lovely, voluptuous, nude body yet. But as she leaned over and began massaging my chest and nipples, I got a face full of D-cup boobies. I latched onto Righty and nursed like a baby deer. My beautiful sexy wife was the doe. But after a while she repositioned herself so I could nurse on Lefty.As I nursed, my wife leaned further over and manually loved on my full male package. She rubbed the underside with strokes of each hand. Of course the underside was facing up. I was in Husband Heaven!Next Melody moved to the side of the massage table so she could do her best sex massage trick. She added more coconut oil and began stroking my rod alternately with each oily hand. My arousal increased, but I was surprised when Melody recommended that I give “Julia” a turn.She lubed up Julia, (my vibrating stroker), and she rubbed both of my nipples as I “fucked Julia.” But this was all too much. I was gonna cum. Although I can almost always cum twice, I wanted to cum doing something different that involved Melody’s boobs and/or pussy. As it turned out, it would soon involve both.But first, it was HER turn for therapeutic massage, so she helped me stand. Having her standing so close to me was a turn-on, so I couldn’t resist. I asked her to suck MY Lefty as I pumped my cock. I didn’t wanna cum yet, but I knew that edging was fun and would make the rest of the fun better!That fun resumed with me giving Melody HER therapeutic massage. Like she did to me, I “accidentally” stroked her nethers and I also deliberately applied more than ample coconut oil to inside her beautiful pussy. I reached into her pussy from time to time for more oil. Her cunt was a nice coconut oil receptacle.I massaged her back, neck, legs, arms, and shoulders. She laid flat and I was soon admiring the magnificent view of the coconut-oil-coated front of her body. Ya see, I had turned on our four halite lamps and a fireplace video with Spanish guitar music. The large flatscreen TV was two feet from the side of the massage table. So Melody’s smooth, oiled, and perfect skin was lit up and reflected the firelight—especially her beautiful breasts! Her nice nipples were like artistic lighthouses on top of two round-top hills. The vista about had me going crazy! I was in husband heaven once again!I massaged her twice-sexy breasts, but first I handed her the iVibe vibrator. It has a loop so she could hold onto it. Her pussy was leaking coconut oil along with her natural pussy juice, so it was good that the loop made the vibrator easier to hold onto!I couldn’t resist, so I pushed my pelvis onto the side of the table and rubbed my tip on her closest tit (Righty). Melody was buzzing her pussy and clitoris. We call this “tip on nip” and do this often as part of foreplay. But this morning it was destined to become the main event!Her glorious pussy seemed to call to my hard cock. I had Melody roll onto her side with her buns right at the massage table’s edge and I moved into position and slid my slick dick into her well-lubricated pussy! As we fucked each other, she gradually rolled onto her back and I went to one, then both knees on the table. Eventually I was kneeling on the table as we rather gently fucked each other.This sex position was as fun, as you can imagine, but kinda challenging for us too. So instead of filling her pussy, I finally moved back into doing “tip on nip!” I was again standing by the massage table and jacking off as the underside of my glans rubbed her nearest nipple and areola. Melody was again buzzing her clitoris. The whole experience was out of this world!“You have the most beautiful fucking tits!” I cried out. “Can I cum on your tits?” I asked.“Y-yes,” came her answer. She clearly was having erotic fun too!Melody loves tip on nip. She has had many great orgasms this way. In fact, the first time we did tip on nip was on this very massage table a dozen years ago. Melody came five times that day!Today she was loving it too. My big cock had just fucked her pussy, and that had primed her. And she loved watching my dick tip work over and fuck her tits as she buzzed her clitty!I had grabbed the cell phone and filmed our sexy fun two other times during our lovemaking session this morning. I grabbed it again and took another 30-second video of the action! My big cock came all over Melody’s shining tits. I reached over and rubbed the cum all over both of her glorious breasts.I will say that it was WAY sexy to feel and watch my cum shoot out of my dick’s tip onto her tits! She liked it too, because a few seconds later she started to climax too!“Are you coming?” I asked as her tremors first started.“Y-yes!” she gasped as the tremors intensified. She was so breathtakingly beautiful! Her face looked like a 26-year-old young wife entranced in a magical, sexual spell.There was so much cum and so much oil all over Melody’s body, especially her shiny cum-coated boobies! What an erotic sight!“You are also so fucking beautiful!” I said as we both came down from our shared nirvana. “And you’re a good fucking wife!” I added.“Oh stop!” she protested. But we shared a kiss. As I helped her up, I realized that I had not had a taste, so I bent over and licked cum and coconut oil off of each tasty tit.We were and are so grateful for each other and for God yet granting us both shared lives and shared sexual passion. We both have had our brushes with death so to still be making love is all the sweeter!Note: Notice that I used sex slang and erotic words to describe or name actual actions and body parts. I do NOT use these words as expletives. For example, me telling my Melody that she was “a good fucking wife,” is completely accurate. And me telling her she was “fucking beautiful” was correct too. Because she IS a good fucking wife when we are fucking, and she’s very beautiful when we are fucking as well. And of course, when I told her that she had “the most beautiful fucking tits,” I WAS fucking her tits. Her arched back and her cupping one breast, offering her tit to me, was proof that she was fucking me back! So she DOES have beautiful fucking tits!”I read last year that studies have shown that a woman’s appearance youthens during sex and for many hours afterwards. (That’s a good reason for married women to be loved on by their husband.) But today as I went to wash my oily and cum-soaked hands off, I glanced up into the mirror and I was surprised at how good I looked too! More motivation for us to keep on loving on each other, hopefully for years to come!