This is a fantasy story between husband and wife.Anne loved to go shopping in opportunity shops. She loved bargains but also had an excellent eye for curios. On this one day, Anne found a bottle of bath salts. The peculiar bottle caught her eye. It looked old and perhaps Persian in origin. She tried to open the bottle in the shop, but it wouldn’t move, so for just two dollars, she thought it was worth the risk, and anyway, the bottle would look nice in the bathroom.The bottle sat on the side in the bathroom for months, and then, one day, Anne decided to have a bath. Her husband had gone out with friends, and it was a little “me time”, she thought. Anne slipped into the hot bath and grabbed the bath salts. The lid immediately turned in her hand, and she smelt the salts. The fragrance was rich and warm, with the smell of spices and notes of vanilla. She poured quite a lot into the bath, and the salts bubbled. A haze appeared above the water with the colours of orange and blue. Anne felt thousands of tiny bubbles striking her body. She drifted off, her head against the bath.When she awoke, a tall, dark-skinned man in a tailored suit stood in the bathroom. He wore a crisp, well-ironed dress shirt, a rich blue tie and polished dress shoes.“Don’t be alarmed,” the man said in a smooth, velvety voice. “My name is Tyrone, and I am here at your request.” He continued.Anne slipped under the water. Her heart was beating. “I didn’t” she stuttered.Anne had long harboured fantasies of tall, handsome black men seducing her. She felt more excited than scared by this man’s presence.Tyrone slowly started removing his clothes as Anne watched in awe. He was over six foot and had the body of an Adonis. She watched him slowly remove his tie, shoes, socks and shirt. The bathroom was steamy, and his skin glistened in the light. He had a six pack and beautiful arms.Gently folded his clothes as he removed them, he then undid his belt and removed his trousers. Anne could make out the outline of his impressive penis. There were times when her hubby was out that Anne would look at erotic pictures of black men. She loved their bodies and often wondered what it would be like to touch a large penis.He looked at her. “Do you want me to remove my underwear?” he asked.Anne just nodded.After removing his underwear, he moved to the edge of the bath and sat next to her. His hands slowly started to massage Anne’s neck. His touch was light but strong. Anne was in heaven and felt like she would melt as he stroked her ear. Her head was level with his waist, and she strained to get a glance at his beautiful cock. Within a moment, he was standing by the bath. His semi-erect thick cock was right in front of her.“Is this what you want to see?” he asked. “I am here for your pleasure. So I will do anything you like,” he smiled.“I want you in my mouth,” she stammered as he moved forward.Anne had masturbated to thoughts of sucking such a cock. She spun in the bath to get the best purchase. Anne held it, and it felt thick and heavy. Then she licked the shaft and then the head in her mouth. It tasted of cinnamon and coconut. Tyrone moaned with pleasure as she began to worship his cock. She loved to hear his deep moans.Anne slipped out of the bath. Tyrone stood against the wall. Anne indulged herself in giving him pleasure. She could feel him harden. His cock began to throb in her mouth. She was engrossed in sucking him when he lifted her and kissed her.His lips were thick, and his tongue invited her. They were magical. His passionate kiss entrapped her, and his tongue danced with hers. As he kissed her, his firm hands embraced her, entangled and explored her.His mouth snaked its way to her breasts and sucked in one after the other. He was kissing and sucking her, licking and nibbling her nipples. Anne was so wet. Her pussy was beating in time with his sucking.She felt his hands transverse her body. It was like there were many hands on her. One hand was in her hair and another on her buttock, whilst another was parting her labia. His fingers explored inside her. Her clit felt swollen.Tyrone slipped down off the wall and took her swollen cunt in her mouth, consuming it. His tongue seemed to lengthen as it reached deep inside her. It licked all of her and around her clit. He seemed to know her sensitivities. Then his whole mouth surrounded her and sucked warm pulsation over her.“Fuck…Fuck….” Anne cried out as a wave of orgasms swept across her body, soaking Tyrone in the process.“Hmmm…you are delicious” he countered, as he slid two of thick fingers deep inside her.He waited to feel the orgasms contract, and then he slipped out. By now, Tyrone had his back on the wall and was sitting on the floor. Anne had been wildly fucking his face. She had never done that before. He looked at her in her eyes and whispered, “I want to fuck you.”His large hands lifted her to the top of his upright, thick manhood. She felt the head at the entrance. He looked into her eyes as he slowly lowered her onto him. At first, she panicked as she had never had anything so large inside her.Tyrone whispered to her as he slowly slid deep inside her. She felt her pussy stretch and fill. He pushed his manhood deeper. She could feel all of him. He hit her ceiling and stopped. His manhood throbbed inside her, and she started to move on him.He slowly started to lift her, fucking her. She groaned a guttural animal noise as he started to increase his movements. His cock was a perfect shape to pleasure her. His hands guided her. He kissed her as she came on him. Her pleasure was endless. She kissed him until her body finally stopped convulsing.Are you going to cum in me?” Anne asked.Just at that moment, her canines bit into his neck and he moaned in pleasure pumping everything he had into her. Her husband smiled at her. “Your wish is my command.”