There has been discussion about kinks, and I wrote in an earlier post that I found male balls extremely titillating.  I never thought I’d find myself interested in things that most people probably deem “kinky”, but I’m surprising myself.  So…my new interest (and I know this won’t be for everyone) is farting during sex.  More specifically, imagining my future husband farting while he’s inside me.  Yeah.  Writing it out does make it sound a little gross, or maybe just weird! I’ll clarify and say that I don’t like the smells associated with gas, nor do I like when people are rude and do it around others or joke about it.  Bathroom or body function humor has always turned me off; I don’t believe it’s edifying or Godly speech.  However, I’ve come to a point where I find the sound of farts quite erotic in the marriage bed context.  It’s an addition to the wet, raw sounds of sex, and me being the SENSE-itive person that I am, this is just another spicy aspect that could be added to a sex repertoire.  Lately while masturbating I was building a hot scene about this in my head, set in (of all places) Ancient Rome.  I have no idea if this would be historically correct, but my fantasy entailed gladiators having their fill of women the night before a big fight, and I was imagining a pretty raunchy set-up.  The sweaty bodies and messy fluids and grunts and moans and cursing…along with the men squeezing out wet farts.  It sure got me heated up (though I need to add that I realize this fantasy was not pure or something I would condone.  I think it was partially inspired by clips I’ve seen from movies or TV shows involving the heavy sexuality of Ancient Rome).  Again, I fully get that some people aren’t into this.  There are plenty of kinks that I still find (and probably will always find) repulsive.  I think it was KingdomMan who did a post about seeing feet as sexy, and I have to say that I do not share that opinion.  And anything to do with choking or pain is a definite no with me.  I’d be fine with trying light bondage, blindfolding, or getting spanked, but I want sex to be enjoyable, and nothing with a blocked windpipe or a hurting body part is enjoyable to me.  Please post your thoughts in the comments! I’d be curious to know if this is a kink anyone else has, or if it’s a new thing.  As a side note, I can find ZERO erotic videos with the scenario I mentioned (guy passing gas while having sex with girl).  It’s all either between two men, or it’s a guy farting in a girl’s face.  No thank you.