It was little more than a glimpse, but I’d seen her tits when she got out of the shower. I knew there was no chance for sex, but she couldn’t keep me from looking—or thinking. Capped with light pink tips, her creamy globes dangled and shook as she dried her legs with the towel. Damp and glistening in a wet sheen, their jiggly dance sent heated arousal between my legs. I had to turn away; it was just too much.God, I needed to cum.She finished getting ready and headed off to do whatever it was, while I was left to stew with burning lust and an unmet need. My dripping member, driven by the fire within, gave me but one choice. I headed back to the bathroom unbuttoning my shirt along the way. I dropped first the shirt, then my pants to the tiled floor. Now naked, I went to the vanity and looked myself up and down till my eyes fell on my throbbing cock.“I’m going to give you what you need,” I told him, “What we need.”My left hand encircled his purple head and squeezed.Mmmm…that felt good.With my hand now coated in precum, I stroked his length slowly to set the scene in my mind.There she was. There were those tits. Soft and creamy—perfect pillowy flesh; I remembered how good they felt. Yeah, they looked good too. And her nipples, damn. I’ve always loved her nipples. They got so hard when she was aroused.“You want me to suck them? Yeah baby, I’ll suck them for you.”  “Mmmm, more.”She moaned in my mind, and I stroked harder.Yeah, this was getting good.“Touch yourself, baby. Yeah, just like that. Feel that pussy.”I spit in my hand and listened to the wet squelching sound made by my strokes. Then I moved my eyes to the mirror and watched the muscles flex in my arm and chest. With my other hand, I gripped and fondled my balls while I stroked, gritting my teeth as the pleasure radiated throughout my body. Yeah, it was so good now.“Suck that nipple for me, baby. Yeah, that looks hot. Now, put two fingers in your pussy. Fuck yeah.”The pleasure became overwhelming. I was getting there. It’d been far too long.“Let’s cum,baby. Together.”My grip was tight, and I was breathing hard. Damn, this was good.“Fuck yeah! Fuck yeah! Unghhhh! Ahhhhh! Shiiiiiiit! Oh yeah, oh yeah!”My hips jerked involuntarily as the cum erupted out of my dick and into my hand. Oh my God. Cumming is so good. We’re supposed to do this, and I wanted more. I knew how to make that happen. I slowed my strokes for just a minute, then picked it up again while I tugged on my balls.Here we go. One more time.“Yeah! Yeah! That’s it! That’s it!”Once again, my cock squirted out his sticky cream, and I stood at the mirror covered in sweat and panting. My cock, now released from my grip and coated in his own jizz, dribbled on the floor. I looked back to the mirror and whispered into the air.“Thank you, baby. That was so good.”