This post includes strong language (L.)Damon had picked up a side job on the weekend cutting down trees. One day, his wife decided she would go with him. The timber lot was out in the middle of nowhere, far from anyone. Elena watched all morning as Damon cut down huge trees with his chainsaw. Seeing the sweat roll down and soak his shirt and the flexing of the muscles of his bare forearms made her lick her lips. Something about the scent of the cut wood and watching him work was doing it for her.Damon had told her the landowner wouldn’t be around, so she wasn’t worried about anyone sneaking up on them. She decided that when lunchtime neared, she’d see if he wanted to fool around.While Damon sawed away, she removed her shirt, pants, and bra. She made a trail with the clothing from the front of the pick-up to the rear, where she sat on the tailgate, already turned on enough to feel the wetness between her legs. That’s when she heard the chainsaw stop and Damon’s footsteps approach. He came around the vehicle with a smile on his face and her bra hooked around a finger.“What are you up to?” he asked with a lopsided grin.“I thought we could have dessert before lunch.” Elena returned a sexy smile.“That sounds like a fantastic idea to me!” said Damon. He stepped between her legs, spreading them wide, and they kissed, their tongues playing with each other. Rubbing her pussy through her panties, he felt the fabric dampening quickly.Damon stepped back, pulling Elena off the tailgate and flipping her around. He began sucking on her neck and running his hands across her body. His rough palms grasped her exposed breasts and grazed across her ass. Then he ripped her panties down her legs. Nudging her legs apart, he placed his hand on the small of her back and softly pressed her forward to lie on the tailgate. His fingers toyed with her pussy lips, making her wetness dribble down and soak her thighs. He scratched her back and ass, then thrust his thumb into her wet pussy and rubbed his other fingers on her clit.Fully focused on the sensations of it all, Elena jumped and popped her eyes wide when he quickly withdrew and spanked her ass.“Grab the blanket we brought for lunch,” he instructed.Elena quickly retrieved the blanket and the lunchbox while Damon grabbed his shemagh, a type of scarf, which she found strange when she noticed. He led them to a shady spot under a tree, where they laid out the blanket and set down their lunch. Then Damon told her to close her eyes and tied the scarf across her lids as a blindfold, instructing her to lie down as he walked away. While he was gone, she was acutely aware of her vulnerability, blind and bare in the middle of the woods—and it turned her on even more!When Damon returned, it didn’t take long for her to realize he’d grabbed several lengths of the long rope he used for pulling trees; he draped them across her bare belly before he left again to find a long branch and use a hatchet to remove the small branches from it, smoothing a few inches at each end. Then he headed back to where Elena lay excitedly wondering what he had planned.Kneeling between her legs, Damon fondled Elena’s breasts. Then he slowly traced his hands down her sides and along her thighs, feeling her tremble in anticipation. Moving back, he pushed her legs far apart. With one piece of the rope, he attached the ends of the branch to her ankles, fashioning a makeshift but very effective spreader bar.Finding the center point of the branch between her feet, Damon tied more rope to it and, standing,  threw the opposite end over a branch above them. His tug then caused Elena’s legs to rise. Unable to close them, she felt the breeze on her exposed pussy, sending a thrill through her. He tied off that rope to the center point again. With another length, he tied her hands together and placed them on the ground above her head, then tied the loose end to the tree’s base.Elena was now naked, with hands bound and extended, tits on full display, and legs outstretched above her. Her pussy and ass were completely exposed. Damon now had access to every inch of her.He began to run his nails lightly along her calves and thighs as he slowly ventured closer and closer to her pussy. Eventually, he made small circles around her pussy lips, teasing them. He could see her dew collecting on her pussy and glistening in the sunlight. Damon watched as the wetness dripped down toward her ass. He paused to get as naked as her.Elena’s juices made her pussy feel like velvet as Damon traced his finger up and down her lips. He took the grapes they had packed for dessert and dropped one into her mouth. After she’d swallowed, he smacked her ass. A gasp escaped Elena’s lips. He applied pressure to her pussy mound with his palm while he fed her another grape. This time he lightly spanked her pussy lips, sending waves through her body that brought forth a moan. He slid a single finger inside her, but only a little of it.Elena attempted to thrust her hips up, dying to have her pussy filled. She realized then how hopelessly tied up she was. He could do whatever he wanted to her. He fed her another grape and slid his finger further into her pussy, then massaged her breasts with his free hand. Sliding a second finger in filled her even more. Her pussy now made wet sounds as he moved his fingers.While he was still moving his fingers inside her, Elena gasped as ice-cold water dribbled onto her nipples and stomach.“You ass!” she shrieked.“No, no, you don’t get a say in what happens to you,” as he spanked her pussy again. “In case you haven’t noticed, I’m in charge right now.”Damon withdrew his fingers, soaked with her juices. He began to lightly tap her pussy with his fingers. After every five taps, his fingers slid inside and found her G-spot, applying rhythmic pulses there for a while and then returning to administering lovetaps again, more firmly each cycle. Her sensitivity built as he continued to switch between the two.“You are so fucking hot,” Damon growled at her, “all tied up, out in the middle of nowhere. How did I get so lucky? Now you are going to come for me like this.”Elena, now breathing heavily, shook her head yes.“What’s that?” Damon asked.“Yes, okay!”This time he slid two fingers into her pussy and rubbed her clit with his thumb. She opened and closed her hands, feeling her orgasm build. She wanted to wrap her hand around his cock, which she knew was rock hard by now. It seemed only moments before an orgasm exploded inside her.Damon then moved between her legs. He smacked her clit several times with the engorged head of his cock, the juices from her orgasm making loud slapping sounds, and each contact made her spasm. He then positioned his cock between her juicy lips and slid only the head of his cock inside, again rubbing her clit with his thumb.“Put it in!” Elena cried.“I’m not sure you are ready yet,” Damon teased her.“I am ready!”“Maybe you need a little more time.”“I want your fucking cock, and I want it all the way inside of me right now!”Damon laughed at her demanding tone but drove his cock balls deep into her, and Elena moaned loudly. He continued to rub her clit as he slowly thrust in and out of her. With each stroke, he withdrew his cock just far enough to leave the only head in, then slid back in balls deep. Before very long, she was coming again, and it was a good thing because he was about to blow.“FUUUUCK!!” she yelled, and that was enough to send Damon over the edge, shooting his hot load into her. He kept thrusting, feeling the pleasure of her pussy pulsing around his cock.Damon then withdrew and stood. He stepped away and watched as his cum flowed from her pussy, the sight almost making him hard again.“Where did you go?” Elena whined.She could hear Damon’s smile in his reply. “I’m just enjoying the sights is all.”“You better get me untied,” she said with a sigh.“Nah, I think I’ll leave you right here so I can look at you while I’m working.”“You absolutely will not! Now untie me!”“Okay, okay…” Damon untied her. She then used the blindfold to clean herself up. They lay on the blanket together naked, basking in the afterglow from their sex.Twenty minutes later, Elena reached down to massage Damon’s balls and run her hand up and down his shaft.“What are you doing?” he asked incredulously. “You want round two?”“We have time before the lunch hour is up. Why not?”“I’m in!”“And maybe this time, I’ll tie you up.”