MH friends,Most of you know my story of sexual awakening and transformation.  I went from ignorant and scared about sex to educated and excited, maybe even kinda wild.  Being single, I don’t know what marital intimacy will feel like.  Yet I intend to give it 100% if I marry.  However, I still have some stigmas. I suppose they are the consequence of my upbringing and my family’s (my parents’) views of sex.For one, there is little to no outward display of sexual intimacy between my parents.  Oh, they kiss and flirt a bit and are very comfortable together outwardly, but that’s it.  Except that my siblings and I exist, I would never have known Mom and Dad have had sex.  I never caught them doing it, I never heard them. I never saw evidence of it or heard jokes or anything.That is sad to me, especially now that I have such a rich view of what marriage should look like.  But I certainly can’t talk about it with them.  I’m no expert! Plus, I do know they have some issues.  I don’t want to reveal too much, but Dad was previously married and Mom has some past trauma, the nature of which I am uninformed.  They need professional counseling, but so far it hasn’t happened.I think my struggle is disassociating the negative “vibe” they give off about sex from my new (and good) viewpoint.  I want to be able to have joyful thoughts about my parents and their intimate life, but I can’t.  My Dad loves physical affection, I believe, and is more, shall I say, open-minded about discussing it. Mom desires emotional connection, and neither is filling the needs of the other.  Mom has hinted that she is repulsed when Dad makes sexy advances because she feels neglected in other areas.Yet he has been hurt and had to deal with some turbulent issues before, not to mention Mom’s emotional trauma. So he withdraws into his own world.  Both, I believe, are at fault. In the past, it has discolored my view (and possibly my siblings’ view) of marriage and intimacy.  By God’s grace, I am mostly past it.  I want to leave my parents’ personal life out of my future, because I dread the same thing happening to me.Prayers would be very appreciated if you ever think of my parents.  They are wonderful people, just stuck.  I love them so much and don’t want to think of them as a couple with a grimace.  Also, pray that I will stand strong in my knowledge of how good God has made sex. Also, that I will have strong standards for any men who court me. Finally, that I can detect any red flags that could result in an unhappy marriage.  Love you all!