This post contains strong language (L) and mentions anal sex (A).This past Father’s Day, I had Friday off from work, as well as Monday for the Juneteenth holiday.  I was looking forward to my four-day reprieve. Kate asked me what I would like to do for my Father’s Day weekend.“Well, Kate, you kind of opened the door by asking the question.  So, I’d really like to fuck you in the ass all weekend,” I said.“Yeah, I bet.  I was thinking more like a nice steak or something,” Kate replied with a laugh.We both had a good laugh from it.  We both knew “all weekend” in the best of scenarios wouldn’t be anything record setting, with an 18-month-old running around.  “But if you want to plan a ‘special event’”, she told me, “I’m in.”I did joyously (for us both!) plow her in the ass good and proper that weekend. I gave her pussy a good pounding, too, but that is not really the whole point of this story.I had done some shopping a couple weeks prior and bought ahogtie cuff restraint.  Kate and I have been experimenting with bondage, harnesses, swings, etc., and this intrigued me.  The thought of having total control over her mouth for my complete pleasure was hot to me.  Full disclaimer: I am not overly dominant in our relationship, but I usually do lead. Kate knows she is welcome to restrain me, control me, peg me, or anything she wants to do to me.On Monday morning, before our daughter woke, I started caressing and kissing Kate to wake her from her slumber.  We enjoyed a few minutes of intimate kissing and roaming hands.  I then told her it was time to play the game I had been waiting for.  She knew I had planned something as she suggested, but I hadn’t shared the details.After directing her out of the bed and onto her knees near our dresser, I retrieved the hogtie restraint from its closet hiding place.  Kate said nothing, but shot me that look that conveyed the thought, “Another gadget… Seriously???” as I brought it out.  I undid the Velcro straps and began to snugly capture her ankles and then her wrists.“This is MY morning,” I informed her in the tone I use when we are in a Dom/sub headspace. “The only thing I am focusing on is your mouth, and its purpose right now is to pleasure my cock.”  Kate nodded her understanding.Working to fulfill her sole purpose in life for that limited window of time, Kate opened her mouth to accept the shaft I began feeding her.  We warmed up with some fairly routine sucking, and then I aimed for more.  I showed her thesilicone lubethat I had ready on top of our dresser. (I’d done my research to make sure the brand was safe to injest.)“This will stay slick even if you slobber and help me slide the head all the way down your throat.  I want to be sure you can breathe, and you need to tell me by shaking your head if it gets to be too much.  Okay, love?”  She nodded.I greased my cock with the lube and wiped my hands with a piece of laundry that was sitting within reach.  Then I put my cock back into her mouth, reached around to the back of her head, and interlocked my fingers.“Relax, babe,” I said. Then I pulled, firmly and stadily, driving my cock as deep into her throat as I could.  It felt like my urethra hit a wall, but I pressed into it, and then her muscles eased to allow me to go a little deeper.  I made very short thrusts into her and pushed through about 2-3 seconds of her gagging, then fully withdrew.Checking to ensure she was fine and waiting a few seconds for her to get a good breath, I then grabbed the back of her head and pushed deep again, her lips pressing into my body, releasing after a couple seconds of gagging sounds.  Kate has managed to mostly suppress her gag reflex, but my cock will cut off her breathing from the depth it reaches, which limits the amount of time she can take me so deeply.  She has no issue with me driving or forcing it into her, as long as I release before she really begins to choke badly.  I am so blessed to have a wife who trusts me enough to open up to so many experiences.For several more minutes, I pumped my cock into Kate’s welcoming mouth like a piston.  I tried to get her to stay still and just let her mouth serve as a hole for my fucking, but she cannot help but take an active role at times.  I routinely would pull her head into me and bury my cock to the depths of her throat, releasing appropriately.Eventually, her back began to hurt a little, and I knew I had to bring this to a conclusion.  In an effort to speed things up, I pulled away and began to stroke my cock.  She had a look that expressed a little disappointment.“Don’t worry, love.  I’m going to have you take me across the finish line,” I said.My strokes had brought me close to my climax, so I resumed fucking Kate’s mouth.  After a couple of minutes, I began filling her mouth with my warm semen, delivering the treat she worked hard for.  Once she had swallowed what I provided to her, she worked to increase the intensity of her sucking for a few seconds to milk out any of my goodness that she could manage to extract.Having my lovely wife helpless and at my control, trusting me, was an incredibly arousing experience.  We haven’t used the hogtie since.  I think it is pretty limited in its applications, but still a nice addition to our collection, IMO.  I think Kate would say that her back and knees began to bother her some before I was finished.  Maybe next time I’ll put a pad under her knees and back her against the bed so she can lean against it.  Owning her mouth is never an issue, but her comfort is always critical.Well, my birthday weekend isn’t too far away.  Kate knows I plan to fuck her ass, as deep and hard as she can handle, every chance I get.  Maybe the hogtie can make an encore appearance to give her butt a well-deserved break at some point…