My dedication to you is whole.My body entirely belongs to you.When I look into your warm brown eyes, the glowing light from them draws me in like a comforting embrace. The light of a summer sunset envelops me completely and I stare in awe at your face.It is a face I know so well. A face brimming with comfort and safety. The face of my beloved Husband. A face that is perfectly made for me.Every feature I did and didn’t know I ever wanted collides on the canvas that is your body. Your shoulders are so broad. It seems they could protect me from any danger. And your features are muscular, yet soft. I never knew I could adore someone’s shoulders so much. And the space in between your shoulders and neck where my head often rests. I love to trace my fingers towards your collarbone.That perfect space where I rest in complete peace. Where I feel like I could melt into you and never feel pain again. And yet, I find myself often looking at you as though I have never before seen a man.My breath quickens. I can hear my heart beating in my chest and my body is drawn to you like a magnet. My body belongs next to yours.Your lips are soft, and your kiss is gentle. Nothing else matters but the present moment when I lay on top of you. Your lips are like a soft peach. They draw me in like the sirens’ song, telling me to kiss you more and more.You are so patient and calm. You always let me take my time. I never once remember a time that you haven’t let me explore you. And I do explore. My hands and lips wander, and in the end my body aches to draw you into me. The pleasure and relief I feel while you are inside of me are like nothing else.Pleasure radiates through my body and I feel your every move. When your body starts moving, I am no longer in control. I rest in your control. I do not have to think of anything. Nothing except the pleasure of being one with you.You are strong and you will always carry me through the night. I do not have to worry about letting go, or about what I will do, say, or feel. I know I am in your capable hands.Even when I let go of everything, you will be there to catch me. And so I let go.I cannot fathom a more beautiful thing.