It’s been a long week at the office, and I drive home this Friday a bit tired.  I walk into the kitchen and pitch my keys on the counter with a long exhale.  Dinner’s nearly ready, and my wife, Cathy, gives me a welcome hug and kiss.After dinner, she suggests we have a movie night. As I sit down in the living room to browse possible movies, she says she’s got one already picked out.  She turns off the room lights and cuddles up next to me on our sofa. Our big screen comes to life.It’s our bed with a view from the foot of the bed and about eye level.  I’m in shock for a moment and turn to look at her. Her gaze says it all: Surprise!What is going on?Just then, I see her enter from the left, delicately sit and then stretch out on the bed languidly. She’s wearing her sexy black lingerie push-up bra and thong set with her new gold necklace. There’re also candles seductively burning on the nightstand. My heart begins to pound.She slides her fingers down her leg as she lies on her side, glancing into the lens. My introverted wife has never done anything like this!  I’m happily shocked as her blonde hair flows around her head on the pillow. She seductively smiles, flirting with me, and begins slowly moving her hands down the curvy lines of her body.  We watch together in silence.She cuddles up next to me, taking my hand in hers, and I’m in awe of her raw sexual power blossoming from deep within on our big screen. At the moment, she is tantalizingly removing her bra ever so slowly, seducing me further, which makes me ache with anticipation. Slowly turning over and getting on all fours, she turns back to glance invitingly at the camera. She reaches forward with her left hand and grips the headboard and slides her right hand down to her sex.I can barely glimpse the end of her fingers moving under her panties from the camera angle but the mystery is more than enough to send a charge of electricity through me and I feel another twinge between my legs.  She’s taking her time, torturing me.  I can hear soft moans and see her hips writhe in a slow rhythm surrendering to the pleasure.After a few minutes, she rolls over on her back and stretches out all of her sexiness.  She reaches back to the headboard with her left hand as her right-hand slides underneath her thong. She opens her eyes and stares at me thru the lens of the camera for a moment before her eyes roll back into her head.  I watch her build, and I’m getting so turned on by her hotness. Then she slides her other hand beneath her panties too.Her arousal builds and she moans as her beautiful face exudes all her pleasure.  She’s simply amazing, so exciting, so erotic as she nears the summit.I’m brought back to reality when I feel her hand slide over my jeans and squeeze my hardness.  I’m exhilarated by her raw sexiness, which obviously has aroused her too.  I begin to move my right hand towards her, and as I do, she unbuttons and unzips, and I push my right hand below her panties as she spreads her legs. I don’t think our eyes left the screen as my fingers reach her hot wetness.I caress her clit and finger her as her hips rock with desire.  On-screen, she’s sensually moving her dildo in and out of her wetness.  Her face writhes in ecstasy!  She’s gasping, and I can tell she’s very close.With a few more deep thrusts, her head rises, and her breathing heightens as she explodes, moaning and crying out as her orgasm crashes over her.  She explodes as her body quakes again and again.On the couch, I’m throbbing and rock hard and Cathy is still stroking me with her hand.  She stands and strips quickly as I also rip down my pants. She straddles me and lowers herself onto my shaft.  Within just a few thrusts, a giant wave crashes over her and we both explode as I furiously pump deep inside her over and over again.  Finally, we hold each other tightly, exhausted.Once we catch our breath, I tell her how amazing she is and whisper in her ear that I have a new favorite movie. We both share a chuckle.Sometime later, she confided that she knew she needed to step out and face some chained sexual inhibitions and this gift wasn’t only for me, but for her.  She acted on a fantasy and it proved to be a big step in deepening our relationship and intimacy.