Right there, baby. Oooooo. I’m gonna come on you. OMG. Oooo. Feels so good.”It’s 6am, the sun rises, and the day is just getting started.No breakfast, coffee, or even a shower. Yet here we were, fucking in our kitchen for a quicky. My husband was pounding my sweet, wet pussy from behind, as I tried to hold onto the oven door.“Right there. O baby. Right there.”My breasts all over the place with his thrusts, as he fucked my pussy. I was barely holding on to the over door, and I felt myself building.“Go harder. Go harder. I’m about to come on your cock.” I moaned.My husband pounded the shit out of my pussy hard. Tears formed in my eyes as my release came.“O fuck!” I screamed, with my husband’s last hard thrust that sent me over the edge.“O baby I’m coming, I’m coming on youuuu. Fuckk.” I screamed as I lost my balance and gave in to the pleasure of my high wave.“Shittt” I screamed, with my tears following, as my wave hits the deepest of my insides.With my husband holding me as I came back down to the present, still enjoying my high wave, I smiled.“Shit,” I said. “You fuck me too good. Now it’s my turn.”Moving the fruit bowl and blender out the way, I got on the counter top of our kitchen. I laid back, and told my husband I wanted his come inside me so I can drip out the rest of the day.He came over put, my ass to the edge of our countertop, and fucked my sweet pussy yet again. My breasts were going and up and down, and our moans filling our kitchen.“Yes, baby,” I moaned. “Fuck your sweet little pussy and fill me up.”My husband continued to pound me, and his balls slapped against my sweet hole. Fucking me hard, my husband’s release came. I knew it.“I’m about to come,” he moaned.“Good,” I moaned back at him. “Come inside your pussy, baby, and fill me up.”Seconds later… “Ahhhhh, shit. Fuck!” my husband grunted, as be held me tight.“Yes, baby” I moaned. “Fill me up. I love you.”After a few moments, we kissed and tried to start our day. Let’s just say I went to work a little bit sore that morning. I was happy with small runners of my husband’s sweet fluid dribbling out of me. This despite trying to shower all of it away. A sweet reminder to the morning.