This post contains strong language (L).Christine met me at my lowest—my heart was broken. My wife of 10 years decided to leave me and the kids. I didn’t know what I did wrong; I gave her everything, but it just wasn’t enough. Then, I met Christine, and it was like a bomb exploded in my chest. She was everything I ever wanted in a woman and more: funny and goofy like me, loved a good (respectful) argument, with a maternal instinct that created an almost instant bond with my hurting kids. On top of it all, she was easy on the eyes, about 5’4″ with long black hair and a curvaceous shape. We dated for about a year, and I knew there was no way I could let her go. She was the woman of my dreams.  Most importantly, she didn’t seem to need any external validation. Christine knew who she was as a child of God and as a woman worthy of a man’s attention, but she didn’t go out of her way to seek that attention the way my first wife had. No matter how many times I extolled her beauty, she needed other men’s notice to feel fulfilled. So Christine’s level of self-confidence both assured me and drove me wild!Christine accepted my proposal, and in July, she became Mrs. Christine Mendez. The night of our wedding was by far the most beautiful experience of lovemaking I have ever had in my whole life.It started off with a shower after a long, sweaty day of celebrating our union. We got into the bathroom, and I helped her out of her wedding dress. For the first time, I saw her naked, and the sight left me slack-jawed. Christine always dressed modestly, so it felt like she had saved this view for me and me only. As I slid her dress down her arms, her breasts fell forward, and I stood amazed by their wonder. I stopped and stared for a second just to consider every part of her body. I was in love, and I wanted to remember every part of this special night.As I finished lowering the dress to the floor, Christine stepped out of it and turned around. Her ass was so perfect; she had the perfect phat booty. By that time, I was really hard. I mean, who wouldn’t be? Her tits were a perfect size, and her ass so big and juicy that I was about to cum just looking at her.Christine completed her 360 and said, “Come here, baby. Come closer to your bride.”“Yes, ma’am,” I answered back. My eyes roamed every inch of her body, so I found it difficult to focus on what she wanted to tell me. She’d had her pussy waxed, and I was drooling over the thought of getting my tongue inside it.My new wife undressed me and led me into the shower, where she washed me and I washed her, enjoying every inch of her body while trying not to jump her right there in the stall. She wanted to wait until we got on the bed, so I obliged. Once we dried off and returned to the bedroom, she lay down on her back and beckoned me over with her finger.“I want my husband to give me his love,” she said.Hearing Christine call me her husband made me so horny, not to mention seeing her laid out completely open and available to me. She pulled me in and we began to kiss and moan, craving each other.  Then she reached down and swiped her pussy, bringing the slick fluid to my lips.“This pussy will be yours forever, baby,” she whispered. She was very intentional in finishing the work she started a year ago—healing my heart.I stared deep into her eyes as I  sucked on her fingers until they were clean, imbibing her juices as part of becoming one. As we began foreplay, I took the time to examine, lick, bite, and tease her beautiful nipples, sucking on them with alternating gentleness and intensity. As I made my way down her body with lips and tongue, the smell of her sweet pussy wafted up and made my dick so hard that one touch would have made me explode. I began to kiss her thick thighs, traveling inward, and my tongue glided over her pussy to massage her clit while I enjoyed every moan it elicited. Then I dug my hands under her voluptuous ass, grabbed as much as could fit in my palms, and started to go to town. Tongue-fucking her pussy hole and drinking in her juices, I made my bride grab the sheets with pleasure.“Please, baby, do whatever you want to me,” said Christine.So I did just that; I couldn’t resist the need to taste every part of her. I was so in love with her.  After I ate my fill of her pussy, I flipped her over on her knees and licked her perfectly clean asshole. I had to. I needed all of her so badly. I licked the outside of her beautiful pink starfish and she moaned.“Yes, baby. I’m yours. Taste me, fuck me, whatever you want. I’m all yours.”I flipped her back over. “That’s enough waiting, Christine. I need to be inside of you.”She looked at me and laughed.“What’s so funny?” I asked.“Well, before you fuck my brains out, let me quickly say this one thing.” Christine grabbed my hard dick in her hands and began to jerk it nice and slow. “Look at me, baby. I mean this so much.”A little taken aback, I answered, “What’s up, my love?”She brought the head of my cock to the opening of her beautifully waxed pussy, looked deep into my eyes, and said, “You will never have your heart broken again.” I throbbed at her words, and the tightness around the head of my dick spasmed like a light hug as she moaned. With a world of love in her eyes, she said, “I have been waiting for you for so long. Now please make up for all the years you gave your love to someone else instead of me.”At that, I rammed balls deep inside her. She yelped, but within moments her hips rose to meet my thrusts, and we fucked like tomorrow wouldn’t come. I rolled her on top of me, and her tits bounced up and down as she covered my dick in her cum. Then she rode me in reverse cowgirl style, twerking her big glistening ass while I watched from the back. We tried every position we knew, and in between, I would stop and taste her pussy so I wouldn’t cum too fast. She tasted my dick, too, and claimed ownership of it with her mouth and pussy. At last, I finished her off with a 69, her sucking my dick and me sucking her clit until she finally came all over my face.“Baby,” Christine panted, “that was so amazing! And now, it’s your turn. I’m all yours.”I maneuvered us back into missionary position and lay flat against the true love of my life. She wrapped me in her arms and legs, and I gave myself permission to reach the peak. As our mouths devoured each other, I thrust passionately into her until I emptied my soul into her with the most intense, emotional climax of my life. I collapsed atop her and wept.We took another shower, sharing sweet kisses and loving smiles, then cuddled the rest of the night. And so begins the story of a heart fully put back together; Christine was the missing piece.