Fantasy Friday – role playI am married to two persons. Before you hurt yourself straining to lift your eyebrows, hear me out. Perhaps you saw me this morning, at church, with one of them, her arm in mine. Poise. Grace. Elegance. Conservative white dress reaching to just above the ankles. A hat in a soft blue like the color of the sky filled with puffy white clouds complemented the white dress. A warm smile greeted everyone. She had a small mint for each of her grandchildren and their friends, and she invited each to “give memaw some shuga’.” A proper lady.After church, I went home with the other woman. As she climbed into the SUV, did you notice the ring on the fourth finger of her right hand? It’s a keepsake from her great-grandmother. She doesn’t wear it very often, but she did this morning, and it communicates a very particular signal. The conservative white dress somehow floated above her waist. There was nothing below the waist except her beautiful flower and my hand. Somehow my finger managed to find a wet hole. I took the proper lady for a ride through the countryside.She loves country music, ‘Annie’s song’ in particular.She loves tee shirts—tight-fitting ones that are worn only in the bedroom. The white one means, “kiss me goodnight.” The green one means, “I’m not exactly in the mood, but I know you need it. So get it in and get it done—missionary style.” The purple one means, “Bend me over and take me hard.” The red one means, “I’m going riding.”The black one means, “There’s the couch.”On Friday, I waited at home for my wife to return from a late afternoon doctor’s appointment. I wasn’t expecting anyone else, so I was surprised to hear a knock at the door. The visitor was wearing a tight-fitting red tee. “Were you expecting someone else? You keep looking past me.”She spoke with an accent that “ain’t from ’round here.” The red, orange, yellow, green, and blue hair coloring, a gaudy nose ring, and a mouth full of bubble gum threw elegance out to shiver in the cold. Two prominent points distended the fabric of the tee. That and the “invitation” of its red color stole my attention from the annoying popping of the bubble gum. She stood a bit closer. Another POP! I stepped closer and slid my hands up under her tee.The slap to the face stung. “Okay, I came. Are you just going to gawk at me and feel me up out here on the porch? I thought at least you’d invite me in before you start teaching me.”I couldn’t remember offering to teach anything, and certainly not to this co-ed. “Have a seat over there. I’ll be right back.” I retrieved my vibrating phone. The incoming text was from my wife’s doctor.Your wife may be experiencing some temporary amnesia and personality disorder.I returned to the co-ed. “What did I agree to teach you?”“How to make love.”“Classroom instruction?” Another pop. “With lab projects?” Pop, pop.“Lose the gum!” I paused while she disposed of it.“Ya’ up for it?”“My dick is. I won’t beat around the bush: you understand this will be a penetrating lab?”“Dude! A girl asks a simple question. ‘I need a ride. Will you take me?’ You said you’d be delighted. No wonder you’re getting all horny and groping at my boobs. I meant I needed a ride to class. You agreed to take me. I see now you have a different sort of ride in mind and that it would be better if I came at your place instead of the classroom. I guess I didn’t think this through very far. Can I sit down, get some more gum, and think about this?”“Can I make a suggestion without you slapping me again?”“I’m listening.”“I’d prefer my dick rather than more gum in your mouth.”“My sister keeps going on about how her husband loves it when she pulls out her husband’s dick, as you call it, and rubs it. Says she loves doing that for her man. Come over here.” She took hold of the zipper’s tab. I felt my pants fall to the floor.“Okay, lesson one. You need to look at me. Otherwise, it’s going to be hard to kiss you.”“It’s bigger than I expected.”“My mouth?”“Your dick.”“Then it should be a memorable ride.”“Kiss me again.” The rhythm of her hand strokes never wavered. Maybe the doctor’s speculation of amnesia was correct. Certainly, before getting sick a week ago, she enjoyed kissing me and being kissed. Hopefully, she would make a full recovery.“Ever hear of french kissing? Apparently not. When my lips meet yours, open them up. I will be sliding my tongue in.” I could feel her body stiffen. Sweet irony! Her delicate fingers are taking me for a ride, yet she’s hesitant to accept my tongue. “It’s okay if you’re not ready.” She lifted her chin and shyly met my lips with her own.At the Bible school I had attended, I shared a dorm room with three other guys. Our beds were creaky wooden ones, so I had perfected the art of noiselessly cumming. Other than my body going stiff for a few seconds, which she probably missed, she had no warning.“Did I do that?” She dabbed at the semen trickling down across her belly button. The nasal voice mimicked that of a popular sitcom actor several decades past.“Excellent job.” I gently pulled her tee over her head and used it to wipe my load off her bare belly. “Some day, I’ll teach you about blow jobs.”“I imagine you’d like that more than me working away on gum.”I asked her to turn around, then pulled her head back and to one side to expose her neck. “I’m giving you a hickey.” I continued with a mild, sucking bite to her neck. Afterward, my hands settled on either side of her bare belly. She stiffened a bit when I fumbled with the button at the top of her shorts, so I rested my hands where they were and continued with tender kisses on the back of her neck.Eventually, she undid the button herself. Then she pulled my left hand up to cup her boob. While it was a bit awkward, she turned her head around as much as possible and invited me to resume the french kissing again. I noticed in the corner of my eye she was twisting her right nipple, so I paid similar attention to the left one.“I’m going to push my hand underneath your waistband.” She murmured in the affirmative. “And keep going.” In answer, she pushed on my arm to urge it below her mound.“You’re very wet.” I pushed one and then a second finger through her outer lips.“What are you doing? Isn’t that where your dick goes? I must say, though, it looks as limp as a wet noodle. I doubt it will slide in very well.”“You need to learn some things about a man’s ego in addition to making love to him. It’ll get hard again.” My finger found her clit. “After I’m finished here,” I whispered into her ear.“Whoa! What are you doing?”“Fingering you. You wanted me to take you, right? Well, this is part of the journey.”“I thought only naughty girls let boys touch them like that. Seems like there’s so much to learn. First, you feel up my ass. Then tell me to feel up yours. I’d have never guessed I should do that. Then you stick your tongue in my mouth, squeeze my boobs and pinch my tits. Now you’ve got a hand sliding around between my legs.”“My dick is ready. Do you want me to skip to that part of the lesson?”“Yes! I mean, no. Oh, I don’t know what I mean. I guess I did ask you to do to me whatever it is that happens in the bedroom. I do like what your finger is doing. My legs are beginning to shake, and I have this feeling something else is about to happen. Don’t stop. Yes! Yes! Whatever you do, don’t stop! Oh, my goodness. Wow.”As she came, I pulled on a nipple. Then I held her for a moment before helping her walk over to the bed to rest.“Wow! Just wow. I guess now you’ve brought me. And I came. That was good.” She fondled her breasts for a few moments and stared at my groin. “You’re good at this.”“I practice several times a week. Are you ready for your final exam?”“Will it be hard?”“The harder, the better.”“What’s that?”“A condom. Would you like the honor?”She chuckled. “You remember the first time we tried to use one? On our honeymoon? I don’t think we need a repeat of that disaster. Class dismissed. Now, lift my legs and ram that thing of yours into me. And,” she had a sly grin on her face, “I’m truly sorry about the slap to your face earlier.”“What else do you remember from our honeymoon?”“Being on top, riding your pole, and leaning forward to shove a tit in your mouth. I came hard, and I thought you were never going to stop pumping your cum into me.“You fill up my senses.”“Come fill me again.”