I am a recently re-married widower who has posted two stories involving my first wife over the past few years since joining this site.  There is a common theme in these and any other stories I would share of our sex life.  Indeed, it’s a running theme in my sex life altogether, compelling me to “steal” the title from a question-and-answer blog site in which the anonymous writer’s story is summed up as “My Wife Wants To Be Gagged.”Well, my new wife doesn’t just want to be gagged; she LOVES it, absolutely revels in it!  Not that my first didn’t have her moments.  I, too, have had my moments of missing her fiercely, as you might imagine.  Both stories shared earlier were about times when we spiced it up.But my new love tells me over and over, specifically, that she needs it.  She has a lot of energy and works in high-stress cases with women and families in need. Though mostly on the quiet side, when she gets to talking about her day or other things, she positively *craves* this “silencing” as she often terms it.Like the couple in the borrowed blog title, we don’t engage in anything painful.  The thought of using a ball to put in her (or anyone’s) mouth doesn’t thrill me at all; a simple scarf, tied firmly enough to make even one word next to impossible yet loose enough to be comfortable for her, does it for us.  As for eye contact, forget about it.  When she looks at me, gagged, I’m over the edge.  Even simply putting my hand over her mouth will work; it often starts that way.(I am also part of an online widower’s support group; it’s common there among the re-married to refer to their Chapter Twos.  I never call my new wife that, even in private; that would have about the same effect on her as thinking of ball-gags does on me—nada.  She would not like that.  But I digress.)I may have a sequel to this, depending on responses and reception.  For now, if not tonight then soon: capture, silence, ravish, rescue, in that approximate order.  God knows what we like and what we need—and not only that, He knows *why*.He is so good!!