Jim was in bed, relaxing after a long tough day at the coastal land development office.  He’d had dinner, and a warm-cool shower had eased his tight muscles and washed away the summer sweat and grime.  Every now and then he took a long drag on the cigarette between his fingers.  The bedroom was big, furnished for both comfort and fashion.  Even the cool silk sheets lightly pulled over his nude body satiated him with satisfaction.  The only thing he needed now was his wife to join him in bed.Everything about the scene exemplified the successful businessman of the early 1960s.  Jim was handsome, fairly young, and healthy.  He worked for a great company.  His house was beautiful.  And his wife was gorgeous.  At least he thought so.The bedroom door opened and Felicia appeared.  With one scan Jim took in her trim curvaceous form under her plain pink dress.  A delightful premonition about the coming night warmed him.  But when he met her gaze, she gave no encouraging flutter of eyelashes or sensual pout of lips; indeed she almost seemed to frown disapproval.  Then she walked to the bathroom, went in, and shut the door.Some puzzlement clouded Jim’s face.  Why was she acting so chilly?  She had everything she could ever ask for.  Surely she couldn’t begrudge him some physical pleasure.In the bathroom, Felicia methodically freshened her makeup and brushed her dark walnut hair.  Her expression in the mirror was one of petulance.  Lately she’d allowed herself to get annoyed with Jim. He worked all day and came home just to eat, shower, make love, and sleep.  He absolutely took her for granted.He is taking good care of you by working hard, came the quiet thought in the back of her mind.And once he gets you in bed he does all he can to bring you to ecstasy.She squashed the thought stubbornly.  Yes, he was a faithful provider.  And he was certainly a wonderful lover.  But sex was always on his terms, in his time.  Earlier this afternoon she’d decided to change things around some.  She’d give him what he wanted, but she would make him beg for it.  Then she would give it and show him all the things she had planned in her vivid brain for him.When she came back into the bedroom, Jim didn’t speak immediately.  Instead he went on smoking and watched her.  He could be patient.  With somewhat excusable male pride he thought of how she enjoyed his body, especially when he turned on the heat.  But she didn’t seem to be hurrying.  She was folding some clothes in a basket and going through her lingerie drawer.“Baby, you coming?” he asked, lustfully viewing her between lazily-squinted eyelids.  With her back to him, her skirt clung to the round swells of her hips and buttocks enticingly.“For what?” she asked in return, deigning to look over at him.He smiled and reached out to insinuatingly stroke her pillow.  “Nice things.  I’ve been waiting for you.”“Oh.  Well, you’re going to wait quite a while longer,” she stated.“What does that mean?  Are you mad at me?”“No.  But if you think things are going to happen in bed, you’re mistaken.”  Her tone was calm and matter-of-fact.Jim stared at her, his brows crinkled.  “Felicia, I don’t get this doubletalk.”“I think I was pretty clear.”“Come here.”“Uh-uh.”He was surprised.  And frustrated.  Crushing his cigarette in the dish on the side table, he mentally ran back over the day.  He couldn’t think of anything he’d done.  He turned back to her.  “Look, baby, if I said something or did something, I don’t remember.  It’s not like you to hold out on me when you’re upset.”“Who said I was upset?” Felicia rejoined with admirable lightness of tone.“Well, aren’t you?”Casually, as if she was still merely arranging fresh laundry in the bureau, she reached back and unzipped her dress.  In a second she’d shimmied out of it.The act silenced Jim, since his brain turned off at sight of her voluptuous body suddenly revealed only in thin light green panties and bra.  She was flicking her hair back too in a very alluring manner, and softly shifting her weight so her hips swayed and her firm tan thighs jiggled.Immediately Jim felt himself growing hot, his belly tense.  It was almost like seeing her out by the pool, sunbathing in her scant bikini, but this was more erotic, more…improper.  He liked it.She looked at him, made obvious eye contact, and reaching down she slid the panties down daringly low.  Curves that usually remained covered grabbed Jim’s gaze like magnets and made him lick his lips.  The slim, soft belly, melting into her waist, and below that the shaved swell…“Come here.  I need you,” Jim said, his tone measured.Yet she made no move towards the bed.  Instead she twisted and writhed some more, very tempting and sexual, allowing her breaths to draw attention to the two seductive melons constrained in her skimpy bra.  She touched herself caressingly, running light fingers over her neck and breasts, down her belly, down her thighs, hooking them into the delicate waistband of the panties and easing them down and back up, granting brief glimpses of her smooth bare buttocks.  As she carried on this roaming dance, this strut of femininity, feeling the hungry gaze of her husband all over her body, Felicia knew she would win this one.  Jim seemed incapable of speech, transfixed by her nearly-naked moving body.At length she sashayed in his direction, extravagantly thrusting her hips with each step, and in the most sultry voice Jim had ever heard from her lips, she said, “So you think you can just order me into bed whenever you want.  Oh, you always make it good, I’ll grant that.  But let’s see if you can take commands as well as you give them.  Follow me.”  She motioned him up out of the bed.He hesitated, bewildered at the transformation of his wife.  Never in their eight years of marriage had she ever taken charge like this.  It seemed almost unladylike, considering what a picture of propriety Felicia always was, but he had to admit he was massively aroused.  Slowly, he got up, too captivated to argue.She slunk away towards the door, drawing him on.  Down the dim high-ceilinged hall, the soft gold light from the wall sconces enhancing the shadows around her breasts and bottom, Felicia sauntered, wiggling one finger at Jim to keep him after her.He didn’t need that.  Just the sight was making him crazy.  This torrid beauty was seducing him with every movement and he knew it.  But he reveled in it.  The seconds fanned the flame until he was trembling with passion, overpoweringly tempted to jump forward and grab her and ravish her right now.  Only the queen-like demeanor and firm warning in her expression stopped him.  She would not be taken.  Not yet.They arrived in the parlor, wide, airy, with windows from floor to ceiling and a waist-high partition between it and the dining room.  Felicia grew more untamed, sliding on furniture, rolling across the sofa in a provocative manner, all while caressing herself.  When she mounted the arm of the sofa and actually began to grind against it, Jim grabbed his shaft.  The visuals were too much.  He was overpowered with desire and astonishment as his normally conservative wife displayed herself all over the living room.  She had always preferred that sex remain in the privacy of the bedroom.Felicia saw him rub himself and said, “None of that,” in a startlingly clear voice.  Weakly he let go, vaguely noting that he was stiff and hot to the touch, and kept his eyes glued to his wife as she picked up intensity in her humping.  She drew aside her panties so her bare vulva could feel the fabric.  Jim felt his loins convulse.  He knew she was wet as certain sounds emanating from beneath her caught his ear and boiled his blood.“Do you like seeing your wife like this?” she asked breathily, eyes hooded while her hips undulated.Jim swallowed and licked his lips.  “Yes,” was all he could croak out.“You thought it was always your way or no way, didn’t you?” she pressed.  “Well sometimes a woman has to show what she wants.”As suddenly as she’d begun this erotic performance, she moved on, panties askew and tucked up in the crack of her butt.  Her breasts were practically bursting out of the little triangles of the bra.  She reached the partition, leaned back against it, stripped off her panties, opened her legs, rubbed her fingers over her slick crotch, and commanded with heat, “Come here, you hunk of man, and satisfy me.”He was lunging towards her before the words were all out.  First he attacked her mouth with his, clenching her almost roughly.  Then, his hands squeezing her soft buttocks, he hefted her up onto the low wall.  With ease he lined up and rammed himself into her.  It wrenched a yell from them both.  She moaned loudly at his girth.  Her hips were already jerking, hungry to feel him sliding in and out of her.  Drips of sweat appeared over his entire body as he took her, fast, deep, relentless.  Felicia clawed his back, his shoulders, his brawny upper arms, gasping and shouting at every plunge of his rod in her sopping hole.  The sounds were primitive, wet and animalistic.  Jim breathed shallow and licked and nuzzled Felicia’s lips and neck and breasts like there was no tomorrow.The feel of him so taut and full inside her, his skin damp against hers, intoxicated Felicia as she hadn’t been in some time.  This was what she had needed.  Jim had always been considerate.  Now, as he pounded her, she felt a new spring of love bubbling up between them.  He held her body with tender hands and worshiped her with his lips while his thickness split her from within.  Sometimes a bit of spice was all that was needed to shake up a marriage.“Oh yes…oh yes…yes, Jim, yes, take me hard!” she burst out, hanging onto him as he slammed into her.  The sensations were almost painful, but in a good way.  Jim added to the electricity of the lovemaking by thumbing that spot just above her cleft.“You sexy little thing,” he huffed, his mouth inches from hers.  “You could have asked me before if you…wanted it like…this.”“Wasn’t it…more…fun…just to make you?” she asked cheekily, though she had a hard time forming her words.He smiled and growled.  “Maybe…maybe I like a wife who suddenly decides to seduce me until I go nuts for her.”“I’ve wanted to seduce you…for a long time,” she admitted.  Then she wailed as his wet drilling summoned up unbelievable heat from her loins.  “Oh my…oh God…you’re…you’re so deep…it’s so good…”“Let yourself go, baby!” he encouraged, entranced by her rolled-back eyes.  Their damp skin clapped together as the intense mating quickened.  “Finish for me!”“Oh…my…God…yeeeeeeeeeeeees!” Felicia moaned as her orgasm crashed in.  She writhed around him, and he grunted in amazement as his fingers met her warm juices dribbling out and down his cock and balls.“My God…oh yeah…damn it…oh God…” and amidst swearing and gasping, Jim felt himself lose it.  He lunged into her hard, pinning her, and gripped her hips as he climaxed.  His shaft spasmed, squeezing out its sexual milk into the depths of his wife.  She was breathing hard, her hands placed on his taut buttocks, feeling him tighten and shiver while he ejaculated.“Ahhhh! What did you just do to me?” he asked with a disbelieving smile once he got his breath and clarity of vision back.“First of all: did you like it?” she asked in turn.He laughed.  “Baby, a man would do just about anything to have his wife ravish him like that! Yes, I like it! I guess I’m just…”“Confused? Don’t be,” Felicia said gently, stroking his face.  “I’ll save you the trouble of reading my mind and be open with you.  I was being a little bit of a brat, so I apologize about that.  But I really do want to…be the initiator sometimes, if that’s okay.”“Baby, it’s more than okay.  I’m sorry we didn’t sit down and talk about it before this,” Jim answered.  “Now, where’d your panties go?”“Here.”  She picked them up from beside her on the partition.“Don’t want to make a mess on the rug,” he quipped, slipping out of her and pressing her used panties against her folds before his semen could spill out.“Ah, that’s a mess I would enjoy cleaning up,” she answered archly.  “Now will you carry me to bed? I think our evening is far from over.”Jim smiled, lifted her in his arms and headed for the bedroom.