My name is Shay, I am 23 years old, and from South Korea. I was an orphan from 8 until I became an adult at 18. I was a very simple, shy girl, but people at my orphan homes told me that when I became an adult, my looks would make it easy for me. In fact, I was offered a job being a cheerleader/dancer for a local baseball team. I was paid with a bed, meals, and clothing for the first year, and then they would decide if they would keep me employed.I lived with another girl who was supposed to guide and teach me. She really helped me with my hair and make-up. My daily clothing was tiny shorts and tiny, tight tops that showed off my small body and large breasts, and platform sneakers to make me taller. She taught me how to walk in a very sexy way and dance like a stripper would but with clothes on. The idea was to flirt and get men to buy our team’s merchandise. This is how I met Tim.He was an American soldier who would come to our games. He was always so nice and polite. All the other girls would do their flirting, and he was kind to them and bought a few things. But he looked at me with his big blue eyes that made me feel pretty and important. After a while, he asked me out, and I turned him down. My boss approached me and told me to go out with Tim.  He was American, had a lot of money, and I should get him to pay for things. My boss told me I could make a good amount of money for the team, and this would help further my job.Tim asked me out at the next game, as he always did. This time my boss pulled him aside, and I saw Tim give my boss $50. My boss told me I was to go to dinner only. I went with Tim, and he was a funny, kind man. We would go out after every game. The night before he was to redeploy, he told me after dinner that he paid my boss enough money that I could stay with him the rest of the night if I wanted to. I thought tonight things would change, and he would expect me to have sex with him.Tim cleared that up right away because he noticed I looked scared. He told me that he just wanted to spend time with me because he had feelings toward me. He was a son of God, and as much as he was attracted to me, he did not believe in sex without being married. Tim was going away for a year, but couldn’t tell me more. During our talk, I told him all about my parents dying and how I grew up and got my job. He explained who my boss was and painted a very ugly picture of him and what my life would most likely become.I was scared, and Tim offered me a way out. He had a friend whose parents were farmers a long way from the city. I could live with them and work on the farm. Tim said he would provide me with anything I needed, and I would be safe. He would be back for me in a year. I was young and naive but saw a chance for a better life, and I went with him that night. My hair was cut, and I was given modest jeans, shirts, hats and dresses.I wrote to Tim at least every week, and he wrote when he was able, which was not often. Life on the farm taught me a lot and helped me mature. The family also helped me learn more about Tim. I was falling in love with him. The last letter Tim sent said “I LOVE YOU” in big letters with hearts and “I will see you soon.” I cried and never ever felt so important or loved.A week later, I was hanging laundry outside when I heard, “Hey, beautiful.”I turned and froze, then began to sob as I saw Tim in his dress uniform. I ran and jumped into his arms, wrapping my arms and legs around his body, and pressed my lips against his. Our long embrace was passionate and sensual as our tongues explored each other for the first time. His big hands slid down my back and under my butt to support me as he carried me up to the house. I was sucking hard on his tongue.“I missed you so much, Timothy. You didn’t break your promise, and you came back for me.” In the house, I slid down his body, and I felt his hardness throbbing in his pants and poking against my belly. I’d come to learn about sex from farm life, and from often hearing the couple I stayed with having sex. I slid my hand over his hardness and shuddered as I felt his heat and hardness.  He gently grabbed my hand and said, “Not yet.”Tim held my hand, got down onto his knee, held out a ring, and asked me to marry him. I started to cry and screamed, “Yes, yes!” over and over as he slid the ring onto my finger. This is unconventional for Koreans, but I loved it. It was a whirlwind, and we were married two days later. The couple let us have their room for the wedding night as there was no other place to stay other than the barn, and it was cold and rainy.Mrs. Lee took me to the bathroom first as Tim and Mr. Lee drank toasts. She had me bathe and apply perfume and a little makeup.  Then I came into the room, where she’d lit many candles and covered the bed in flowers. Mrs. Lee told me I should lie on the bed and welcome my new husband into my body when he entered. I was so nervous and trembling as I removed the robe, lay on my back atop the scattered blossoms, and fanned out my long black hair.The door opened, and my husband walked in and stopped at the foot of the bed. I was shaking as he smiled, and his eyes took in all of me.“Shay, you are incredible, sexy, and beautiful. God has truly blessed me.”He quickly undressed, and I saw his toned body, and his hard cock for the first time. It seemed big to me. I spread my legs and held my arms open for my new husband, who crawled between my thighs and laid his body on mine. I pulled his head down and kissed him with all the love and passion I had bottled up for a year. His cock head was thrusting lightly, rubbing against my very wet sex.  As if by instinct, my hips started rocking and sliding against his head. Tim was groaning, then moaned. His body started to shake, and his moan continued, long and drawn out, as I felt his cum shooting against my pink folds. I gasped and held him tight.Once his breathing slowed and his orgasm stopped, he softly whispered how sorry he was. He said that was his first orgasm in over two years. I held him tighter as he said that when he came to Christ, he stopped self-pleasuring to save it for his wife. His cock was still against my pussy, and I started grinding against him.I whispered in his ear, “Take me as your wife, claim me as your lover. I surrender to you before God.”Tim slowly pushed his still-firm cock into me, and I screamed out as he stretched me, slowly filling me till he pressed against my veil. Our eyes locked, and he thrust down into me, tearing the barrier and making me a woman, his wife, and his lover. The pain mixed with the wonderful emotions as I felt stretched and filled more than I could ever dream.Tim slowly slid in and out, and my muscles gradually relaxed. My juices started to flow, and it began to feel amazing.  I was moaning and kissing him deeply and passionately. We started gyrating together as his movements grew hard and fast, taking my breath away with every thrust. I cried out as my eyes fluttered and my body felt electrified. My pussy pulsed around his cock, and my juices released, flooding my pussy and his cock. Soon Tim shouted. His cock exploded deep in my pussy, and he fell onto me.We would make love several more times before sunrise when we slept.I hope you enjoyed the start of our story.  If God had not placed Timothy and me in each other lives, I fear nothing good would have become of me.  Thank you, heavenly Father, for my husband.  I am coming to you in love, Father, just as You have done for me.