(Bartlett Experimental Forest, off Bear Notch Road)It’s our anniversary, Queen’s and mine — married for 44 years! And we are absolutely loving our recent retirements and the freedom they bring. So we decided to take a road trip to The Great North Woods in northern New Hampshire and Maine. We planned on a long, sexual car ride, some waterfall hunting, naked hiking, and taking erotic pictures in nature. Oh, and some great sex. A lot of great sex.Driving north in NH, we turned east on the Kancamangus Highway, a famous and picturesque road through the White Mountains. Our first “easy” waterfall was Sabbaday Falls, off the “Kanc”, and it was amazing! But that and other waterfall stories are for another installment. After Sabbaday, we soon turned north on Bear Notch Road.Bear Notch is closed from December to March, and that tells you a little about how remote this was. And we were worked up from Sabbaday’s flashing and foreplay. After a while, we saw a sign for Bartlett Experimental Forest. I thought I just might look for a good place to “experiment” with Queen, if you know what I mean! So we turned left and followed a winding, woods road until a turn-off to a staging area for forestry equipment. There were some downed logs, but no equipment, and we were alone!I parked and went around to open Queen’s door. She was wearing a pair of loose, easy-to-remove shorts, and no panties. (Queen likes to go commando a lot!) So she turned sideways in her seat, and I slid off the aforementioned shorts. Getting down on my knees made licking her pussy also easy! And so delicious!I delighted in a very hot session with my tongue gliding between her pussy lips, flicking at her clit, and plunging into her pussy. This got me a little excited, no surprise there, and I dropped my loose shorts, and stood up. My cock stuck straight out, and Queen took me in her mouth right away. I mean, she jumped at it! I think she likes my cock!She blessed me with a very hot oral session. She took my cock shallow and deep, played with my balls, and sucked my “spot.” This led to a lot of pre-cum and some respectable hardness! Always the sexual opportunist, she reclined as best she could and spread her legs. A good sign, and a clear invitation to fuck her! I moved quickly to slide my cock into her.We fucked like this for a while, very hot, out in the woods. It was sex al fresco! My thrusting kept pushing her back into the seat belt clasp and armrest. This was our first foray into light, automotive S&M. Ouch! We needed to stop since Queen bruises easily, and we had more sex in mind during this trip. A lot more sex!So I pulled out, and she had a nice suck of our combined juices from my cock. I followed that with a tasty lick of our combined juices from her pussy. I mean, being a gentleman is key to good sex! And sorry to disappoint, but neither of us came this time. But we wanted to build on the heat of pulling over to fuck in the outdoors! We got it!This anniversary trip was really hot, with a very constant “soundtrack” of sex. We took advantage of waterfalls, naked hikes, our large in-room jacuzzi, and “scenic overlooks”. The whole month of August was hot, including our trips to a nude beach! (Hopefully more on these in stories to come!)As the saying goes, “What happens in the experimental forest stays in the experimental forest!” Except when I spill the beans here on MarriageHeat. I hope you enjoy this, and blast your passion soundtrack with your spouse every day! Blessings and passion!