(A) – This story contains anal intercourse.(L) – This story contains strong language.Lacy had just gotten out of the shower, and stood in the bathroom, naked and crying.  She’s been so emotional lately.  She wants to be a mom, but doesn’t like how big she’s getting as her pregnancy progresses.  She thinks she won’t have the body of the fitness queen she has become.As I come into the bathroom, she sees me and falls into my arms, crying against my chest.  I instinctively wrap my arms around her and hold her comfortingly.“Sorry I’m a big, ugly whale,” she says.“Shhhh, you are not a whale!” I retort.  “You are by far the most sexy woman I’ve ever known!”  My hands slide down to squeeze her ass and pull her tight to me.She gasps and looks up, and I her kiss hard and passionately.  I squeeze her ass harder.  “You’re sooo fucking hot, Lacy,” I murmur.  My cock is swelling and pressing through my shorts and into her baby belly.She moans as I feel her breasts leaking milk on my chest.  I reach up and squeeze them, lowering my head to drink her milk as it squirts into my mouth.  I take her big nipple into my mouth and suck her hard, drinking her sweet milk as she slides her hand into my shorts and grabs my big, hard cock.  She strokes my cock hard and fast as I switch to suck and drink from her other nipple.“Fuck me,” she moans softly.  “Please fuck me!”  She pulls away and, still holding my cock, pulls me to the bed and tells me to lay down.  I comply, and she promptly climbs on the bed and straddles me.  She holds my cock straight up as she lowers down.  She moans as she stretches around my big cock and slides down till she has all my cock up inside her.  Lacy starts sliding up and down my cock, going faster and harder each time.“Oh fuck, you feel amazing, baby,” Lacy moans.“You’re the one who feels amazing,” I say in return, my own voice also tinged with pleasure.Lacy begins rubbing, squeezing and drinking from her own nipples.  Very soon, she cries out, “I’m cumming!”  She shakes as she continues pounding herself on my cock.  She collapses down on me as I feel her hot body trembling and her juices flowing out of her like a warm river.  I feel her belly move as she and I both get kicked a little by the baby.She pants and moans, rolling off me to her back.  Seeing that I’m still hard, Lacy smiles, rolls face down, and gets on her hands and knees.I kneel behind her, grab her hips, and rub my cock from her pussy to her asshole.  Lacy moans and gasps as I slowly push my head against her asshole.  She cries out as she takes me inside and closes around my fat head.  Lacy moans and lays her face and chest on the bed and places her hand on her back.“Take me, please take me,” she gasps.I grab her wrists in my hands and I pull and lift her off the bed, pulling her back towards me as I thrust hard and fully into her ass.  I pull back slowly and thrust into her ass hard and fast, and our bodies make slapping noises together.“Yes, yes,” she moans over and over.  I release her hands and slide my own hands up over her baby bump to cup and squeeze her big tits. I pinch her nipples, making her milk squirt as I fuck her ass hard and fast.Moaning and shaking, she rubs and fingers her pussy and clit.  Lacy’s while body shakes, her ass vibrates, and finally, and her hot nectar squirts out of her pussy, over and over. Finally, she goes limp in my arms.I pull out and get us both cleaned up, and then we fall asleep together, skin to skin.