(L) – This story contains strong language.Sexy Dream Cum True – Day 1 – The Afternoon and EveningThis is a continuation of the series about an erotic dream and what sexy things followed.You’re not gonna believe this.  After our granddaughter’s gymnastics class, Melody and I left at 2:00 in the afternoon for a two or three day trip to visit family. It was a 200-mile drive, and we had other family to visit on the way.To my pleasant surprise, all the way to our first hotel my wife was flashing me her boobs and stroking them as well.  Then she asked me to touch them. I was driving, but it sounded fun to me!  I used my right hand on her and I drove with my left.As I fingered her nipples and palmed each breast Melody was saying, “Oh thank you Tommy!  That feels so good!”“Feels pretty good to me too!” I replied. “Although I don’t get to look for long since I’m driving down a busy freeway!”“I can’t wait for Tommy to fuck me again!” Melody said.  Then she added, while patting my captive dick, “Why aren’t you out?”So I unzipped my pants and she reached in and began playing with the tip of my hardening cock.  She felt my precum and rubbed it all over my glans and then kept rubbing me there.  We were driving through a big metropolitan area on the interstate.  Her boobs were out, so I could see and touch them, but her barely-open jacket kept people in nearby vehicles from seeing the show. Cum to think of it, she touched her tits a lot herself as well.A few minutes later she put my cock away, but then fondled me some more a few minutes later. After she stopped, I looked down to see two wet spots on my pants.  In all my six decades of life I have never seen that!  My precum had made two wet spots on my pants.  One wet spot was an inch wide and one was two inches wide!After arriving at our destination city, we visited family, then we got a little lost trying to find our hotel.  I saw an out-of-business café with an empty parking lot.  So I pulled into the empty parking lot, and as Melody jacked my dick, I sucked and tongue-flicked her nearest tit.  It was getting dark, and she looked down several times and pushed up her boobs and said, “See, Tommy!  Don’t they look beautiful in the streetlights?”I had to agree.  It was great seeing my wife appreciate her beautiful breasts!  This was like a repeat of this morning!  All the way to what would be our first hotel of the trip she talked about how much she wanted me inside her pussy!She said things like, “I want you to fuck me!  I want Tommy’s big penis to fuck my pussy!” etc.  You get the idea.When we got to the hotel she stripped but wanted me to shave first. I realized I’d left my razor in the car.  Melody delayed my errand because she began striking sexy poses in the bathroom and I was taking some sexy pics.As I went to leave for the car I said, “Just know that you’re gonna be thoroughly fucked when I get back!”“That’s what I want!” she said in that husky voice that only happens when she’s uber-horny. And she arched her back and stroked her boobies.  That made it “hard” for me to leave.After I returned from the car with my razor, Melody said that she wanted me to spoon her and fondle her boobies before we had sex.  But she was just too turned on to wait!We kissed in the middle of the room, and it was a bunch of passionate kisses!  I leaned over and suckled each nipple in turn.  She has beautiful nipples!  They are rather unique in that, when turned on and hard, her areolas become little ovals.  I think it’s darling!I got undressed as we kissed and began pumping my rod as I sucked on her titties.  Iwasgoing to shave and shower… but Melody was off the charts!  She laid down on the bed, spread her legs, and started fucking her pussy with the big finger of one hand.“Do you like what I’m doing for you?” she asked as her free hand pinched her nipples.I took a video and jacked off standing at the foot of the bed.“Ooooo!  It will feel good having that big cock up in my pussy,” she said.She opened her legs and spread her vulva open, and I couldn’t resist.  I dove in, kissing her first, then fucking her with me on top of her, with one knee on the bed and one foot on the floor!You would think that at our age and in the 30th year of our marriage that we would have tried everything.  But you would be wrong.I paused the intercourse to lingually love on her pussy and clit.  Did I say “on?”  It was both on her clitoris and IN her pussy.  She was so aroused by it that she stroked my tongue with her pussy.  I finally just held my tongue still as she moved her hips and stroked so that my tongue went from deep inside her tasty pussy to up past her clit.  She did this over and over again.I eventually returned to fucking her pussy with my cock, but really, it wasn’t justmefuckingher, we were clearly fucking each other!  Then I went back to eating pussy—then back to fucking pussy!But then I stopped to go shave and shower.  I turned on one of her vibes to the lowest setting and handed it to her.“Keep your pussy warm for me,” I told her.“Warm?” she cried out.  “My pussy is hot for you!  Especially after teasing you all afternoon!”“You were teasing yourself and I was teasing you too,” I commented.“That’s true,” she said.“Try and hold off on that orgasm ‘till I’m back,” I said.  (Her freshly fucked pussy is always on the brink of a climax.)I soon was back to the bed—all clean and shaved.“I want to spoon now,” Melody said.  But she couldn’t resist posing at a quarter turn and then offering her beautiful, full left breast.  I orally latched on and I knew she was done for.  She had turned the vibe up to full power, and with me latched onto her tit, she quickly began shaking and tensing up as wave after orgasmic wave rocked her gorgeous and voluptuous body!Then she began talking for “Julia” my vibrating stroker.  “Tommy!  I want your big dick to fuck me now!  I need you inside my pussy!”So as she orally loved on my man nipples, I stroked my shaft with Julia. Melody also stroked my balls with one hand.  “Ooooo!  That feels sooo good!” Melody said for Julia.Finally I said, “Sorry, Julia.  I need to fuck Melody’s pussy again!”Then I slid into position—again in X position like this morning, and I absolutely pounded my wife’s pussy with all I had.“I can’t usually do this in the evening,” I said as we fucked. “But…”“…but I was teasing you all afternoon long, so you’re built up!” Melody finished for me.When my orgasm came, it was beyond spectacular!  It went on and on.  A towering mountain near where we were staying rises thousands of feet above the valley floor.  My “peak” was more like traveling along that very high ridge of the mountain.  That entire ridge is 10,500 to almost 12,000 feet high with multiple peaks.  That was like my orgasm!As we cuddled afterwards, I told my sweet sexy wife, “That was amazing!  We need to be grateful to Heavenly Father for helping us find each other 33 years ago!  Not everyone gets this kind of intense, sexy, and completely loving marital relationship.”By the way, this morning in the car, and in the hotel room tonight, I took several photos and video clips.  I didn’t mention them all in my story.  And I can’t really write EVERYTHING we did, or this would be a ten-part series.  And YES, this all really happened after I shared my dream with my sexy wife!Praise the Lord!  We feel like newlyweds!  When our ecclesiastical leader interviewed us before our wedding he said, “Have a good honeymoon! For about 40 years!”  I think we are doing that!I want to add that my Melody has never actually been off the straight and narrow.  But I was briefly off that path.  Again, thank the heavens for Jesus and Him making repentance possible!Finally, in my first story in this “Dream” series, I mentioned that I had prayed for one or more of these “off the charts” wild and intense sexual experiences with my wife.  It now feels like “Ask and ye shall receive.”  I know God cares about us and our relationship—including our marital sexual relationship!  I am feeling supremely blessed and grateful