Vanessa was thrilled when she discovered that our destination was Alaska.We sat next to each other on our plane ride, cuddling each other, occasionally talking and holding hands. When we ran out of things to say, we began to read various manga comic books, sometimes over one another’s shoulders, like the best friends we were—and had always been—pretty much since we had first met.Sitting on the plane and reading with my best friend reminded me of just how valuable this relationship had always been to me. It reminded me of the line from the Alan Jackson song that says, “It may go disguised, right before your eyes, a once-in-a-lifetime love.”I think it could be a blessing for many people looking for love to approach it with an open mind. The person that is just right for you might not look exactly like a magazine cover or a movie star. They might not make your heart skip a beat the first time you see them. But as you get to know them and awaken to their charms, and if you can develop a solid friendship together, then sometimes, the sky just might be the limit for what you can cultivate and experience together!Time passed on the plane as we read together and the miles went by. We eventually reached our destination. Vanessa cooed with delight as she beheld the snow-covered mountains and partly-frozen seawater from our airplane window as we began our descent. It was early Springtime in Alaska, but most of the snow and ice pack from the previous winter were still present.As she stepped out into the low sunlight of an Alaskan afternoon, I marveled at how stunning and even fitting she appeared in this icy paradise. Vanessa’s beautiful, slightly freckled skin, which tended to take on an arousing, swarthy appearance when she spent any length of time in hot climates, had a natural tone that I can only describe as a soft yellow-white, not too far off of beige, but far richer and more complex than a simple beige. It resembled a bowl of heavy whipping cream or farm-fresh butter that had been thoroughly whisked by a master confectioner. But in the frigid north wind that was finding its way down from the Alaskan Interior, all of her visible skin was flushed a deep rosy pink from the cold.Her lovely, almond-shaped, blue-gray eyes were framed by her cute, chubby, round face, and sparkled like pale sapphires in the natural light that reflected off the white snow. There has always been something so brilliant and majestic about those eyes.I remember asking her when we were still getting to know each other if she was partly of East Asian ancestry. She explained to me that as far as she knew, she was more or less a typical American White girl, but that she had been told by her mother that they had some distant Black and Cherokee ancestry, which Vanessa was clearly proud of. Whatever the case, her heritage had come together to produce a masterpiece that seemed to reflect and complement the beauty of every place she lived in or visited, similar to the iconic buildings designed by the great Frank Lloyd Wright, which perfectly embraced the environments in which they were constructed.“Remember, honey,” I whispered into Vanessa’s ear as we walked toward our rental car, “it’s all about the surprise.”She giggled, her eyes sparkling with excitement.A short time later, after a pleasant drive through the beautiful scenery, we were pulling into the parking lot of our opulent hotel, which was nestled against the backdrop of the lush and rugged Alaskan wilderness. The grand lobby, with its towering wooden beams and roaring stone fireplace, was a warm embrace against the chilly air. The scent of pine and a hint of ocean breeze danced through the space, setting the mood for a romantic escape.Vanessa looked around, her short, dark, loose waves bouncing with each step she took as we approached the reception desk.“Oh my goodness, it’s like we’re in a movie,” she murmured, her cheeks flushing pink.The receptionist, a friendly local with a knowing smile, handed us the key to our suite. “You two will have the best view in the house,” she said, winking.We stepped into the gleaming elevator, the doors whispering shut as we ascended to the top floor. Vanessa, feeling a bit naughty, unzipped her coat and leaned into me, her heavy breasts pressing intentionally and affectionately against my chest through her college hoodie.“I can’t wait to see what you’ve got planned,” she said softly as she looked up into my eyes, her breath warm and sweet.The elevator’s gentle hum seemed to echo our anticipation as it climbed, carrying us closer to our love nest.As I looked into the sparkling eyes of my best friend, I could no longer resist her. I leaned down and kissed her neck, the kisses coming fast and intense.Vanessa moaned and clutched wildly at my chest, facing me with the ferocity of a lioness as she stood on her tiptoes and locked her lips with mine until she was breathless. She looked into my eyes as our kiss ended, her own eyes a stormy gray-blue color, dilated and wide with passion and desire.I pulled her close again and began kissing her once more, lingering on her as if she were a fine wine, pausing to slowly nibble and taste her full lips, while my hands drifted blindly down the small of her back. I eventually found the round curvature of her ass and firmly pulled her hips against mine. I felt her body give way, her arms looping around my neck as she relaxed completely in my embrace.The kisses continued to come fast and furious now, only pausing just long enough to give us both a chance to breathe in short gasps and whimpers. Our bodies strained against each other as if we were attempting to meld into one single entity.The elevator chimed our arrival, but we didn’t break apart. Instead, we let the door open and close around us, uncaring of any potential audience, lost in our own little world of desire.Finally, we stepped out into the hallway, and I led her to our suite. The heavy wooden door appeared as if it might lead us away to Narnia. As I slipped the keycard into the lock, the anticipation was palpable, a silent symphony playing between us.The door swung open, revealing a stunning space with a king-sized bed, a private hot tub, and windows that stretched from floor to ceiling, offering an unobstructed view of the majestic Alaskan landscape.The room was bathed in the soft glow of the setting sun, casting warm light across Vanessa’sbeautiful face, highlighting her high cheekbones and the glint in her eyes. She gasped at the sight, her hand flying to her mouth.“It’s so beautiful,” she breathed, taking in the vast expanse of snow-capped mountains, the endless horizon painted in shades of pink and orange.I pulled her closer, my hands tracing the curve of her back once more, feeling the warmth of her skin beneath her hoodie.“But not as beautiful as you,” I whispered, my mouth finding hers again.This time, the kiss was slower, more deliberate. The kiss continued as we moved into the suite, allowing the door to close with a gentle click behind us.The suite was a masterpiece of comfort and elegance, with a large stone hearth crackling with a welcoming fire. Vanessa’s eyes lit up as she took in the bouquet of wildflowers on the nightstand and the chilled bottle of champagne on ice.“You’re too good to me,” she said, an emotional smile playing on her lips as tears filled her eyes. “Even during the hard times, when we’ve struggled financially, or when I’ve dealt with anxiety and depression, you’ve always treated me like a queen. Why are you so good to me?”I answered playfully, a sparkle in my light brown eyes.“Because you have big boobs.”She broke into a playful, but slightly annoyed, smirk as I wiped her tears with my hand and quickly followed up my own statement.“Really, I treat you the way I do because you’re my best friend… but, I’m definitely not complaining about your boobs and ass, either.”She smiled and held me tight, more like Vanessa the best friend than Vanessa the lover this time.We held each other for a long time like that, simply standing against the backdrop of a fiery sunset and enjoying the soothing sounds of the warm, crackling fire.While our relationship had always been strong with the ties of a caring friendship, we had moments of sadness in our life together, too. One particularly difficult moment was when we lost our first pregnancy to miscarriage. As I mentioned earlier, time away to reflect and enjoy one another in God’s creation was something that seemed to help us a lot with that pain when it was still quite fresh and raw, and we continued the tradition with these trips every once in a while.The softness of the room, suffused with the scent of vanilla and cinnamon, served as a cozy aroma that seemed to wrap around us as we enjoyed the beautiful view from the windows and the pleasant sounds from the fire. The snow outside looked like a blanket thrown over the world, untouched and pristine.Vanessa’s eyes searched mine, and I knew she could see the love in them. However, I also knew we had just finished a long plane ride and, as much as I wanted her, I knew she needed to eat something first or else she’d have a sugar low and the whole evening would be derailed. So, she asked me to go to the store up the road in the town for a few ingredients, as she promised to “make herself pretty” for me—as if she wasn’t already lovely to look at.Some time later, I arrived back in our suite carrying a few grocery bags. I saw in the small kitchenette what exactly had been causing the bulge in her suitcase—it was two slow cookers.Just then, Vanessa walked out, wearing her lovely strapless dress we had playfully talked about earlier. It was obvious she was not wearing a bra underneath, either.“Happy vacation, Hubby!” she declared, as she walked toward me, her hips swaying.She took the grocery bags from my hands and set them on the counter as I enjoyed looking her over. She removed some bags of semi-sweet chocolate chips and emptied them into one of the slow cookers, and poured some nacho cheese sauce from a large can I had brought into the other. She explained that the chocolate would be melted so we could enjoy it with some strawberries I had also brought at her request— about four pounds of strawberries. The cheese would be used to eat nachos chips. We still planned to go to dinner, but Vanessa enjoyed making us snacks to savor while we watched movies. (She is definitely a movie girl, so any sort of vacation usually includes watching movies together.)As the chocolate slowly melted, she found something on television for us to watch. It was the true crime show Forensic Files, which had become a tradition of ours to watch when staying in motels or hotels, but that’s another story for another time.We began to dip the strawberries in the chocolate, not wanting to wait for the chocolate to cool and harden. As we ate them, we became more and more playful, beginning to feed each other and smear chocolate on each other’s faces. The playful nature of our dining made me become more bold, so I unzipped my pants and smeared a small amount of chocolate on the head of my erect penis (making sure the chocolate had time to cool a bit so it wouldn’t cause burns), and presented the erect, chocolate-smeared head to her as if it were a chocolate-covered strawberry. She obliged me and began to slowly taste, lick, and suck the chocolate off. The wet sounds her mouth made as she did so only served to increase my arousal.Now, one of the most beautiful things about our marriage is that sometimes we are very much in a friendship sort of mood, having been comfortable with one another as friends before we were lovers. When sex spontaneously occurs in such a setting, it can result in lovemaking that is exceedingly playful and light-hearted. This was one such mood. Unlike our makeout session in the elevator, in which we were both very much in lover-mode, at this point, our intimacy was full of giggles, laughter, and lots of playful teasing. It came with a sense that we had all the time in the world, and had no need to rush or feel desperate.Keeping with our playful, friendly mood, Vanessa stood up from where she had been kneeling on the floor performing oral sex on me and eating the chocolate off my penis. My erect penis continued to throb, tingling with the sensations of her mouth.“Undress me!” she demanded with mischief.I slowly felt her soft, warm breasts through the fabric of her strapless dress before pulling it down to reveal them. I giggled and felt as if I might cum all over her before I had a chance to do anything else. The giggles only increased as we unhurriedly undressed each other.Soon, we were both naked on the floor of our suite in a sort of improvised sixty-nine position. Vanessa hold my rock-hard penis as if it were a microphone, singing playfully into it while occasionally being interrupted by a soft sexual moan escaping her own lips. This was followed by more sounds that resembled inebriated giggles as I licked, kissed, and explored her vulva and clitoris with my tongue, sucking softly and swallowing her generous fluids.Still in a playful mood, Vanessa started bucking her body as she lay under me, urging me on, and loosening her grip on my shaft as she approached orgasm. As I licked her more intensely, hearing the tell-tale sounds of her impending orgasm, I could hold it no longer. I felt my erect penis straining and beginning to twitch, and I knew I was at the point of no return. Just then, my glistening, erect head brushed against Vanessa’s left breast as it bounced freely with our motions, and this was too much. The overwhelming feeling set my penis off as if it were a stick of dynamite, the fuse burning out.I moaned a loud, high-pitched cry as I came in wet, thick sheets all over Vanessa’s left breast and part of her neck and chin.She gasped several times, then roared in frustration as the sudden spasms halted my efforts, crying, “Ohh, don’t stop!! Eeuunghhhh!!”Slightly trembling, I continued my efforts while trying my best to hold myself up with my hands and forearms as I half lay, half straddled my wife, my loins still spasming lightly. It all felt so amazing, so playful, so perfect and primal.“Oh…ohh….UNNNGHHH!!” I heard Vanessa cry as she spasmed.Vaginal fluids suddenly seeped out of her and painted my face with her musk as her body began to buck uncontrollably under me.I quickly climbed off of her body and let her ride the wave of her intense orgasm (or two, as she later told me).During the afterglow of our sex, Vanessa lay with her head in the crook of my arm as I embraced her, and she gently tousled my thick chest hair with her fingers for some time. The room was quiet except for the crackling fire, the beating of our hearts, and the soft drone of the television, which we had long since forgotten about.While we eventually did get up and enjoy a late dinner and drinks at the hotel bar, topped off with some wonderful pastries that the very friendly bartender gave us for free, I must admit that Vanessa and I never did see the Aurora Borealis that night, or at any point during our vacation for that matter. But maybe—just maybe—the intense friendship, the playful passion, and the beautiful, God-given love that overflowed in our hearts for each other surpassed anything that those northern skies had ever contained.