After our downtown dinner date, as my wife and I walked throught the dimly lit parking garage, I couldn’t keep my hands off her. Those long sexy legs taunted me, with her short summer dress swirling around them as she walked.We reached the truck in a dark corner of the garage. I unlocked the door and slid into the driver’s seat. As my wife hopped into the passenger seat, she put a mint in her mouth and gave me a glance. As I went to start the ignition she put her hand on mine to stop me.Leaning over the center console, she began making out with me, her tongue in my mouth rousing the sleeping dragon in my pants. Undoing my belt, then pulling down my zipper, she pulled out my thick dick and started playing with it.Before I knew it, I felt the warmth of her lips envelope my cock head and slide down almost to the base. I caught my breath. The tingling of the mint sent shock waves through my body as she slid her mouth off me and the night air hit its skin.Down she went again, adding a slight pressure by sucking me. As she slid me out of her mouth with a slurpy pop over and over, I was going mad. She grabbed me around the shaft and started working me up and down, looking up at me with her big gorgeous eyes as her tongue flitted on the end of my cock, right underneath the head.She was getting more and more excited as she pleasured me. With one swift deep dive, I was touching the back of her throat. She held it there as long as she could, then with a gasp, pulled her head out of my lap.Then she yanked up her dress, pulled her panties all the way down her smooth legs, and slid them off of her feet into the floorboard of the truck. She then crawled into the back cab of the truck and pulled on my shirt to get me to follow her. I left the keys in the ignition and got back there fast!She put her knees in the seat and leaned forward into the front seat over the console. I slipped in behind her and positioned myself between her legs, pulling up her dress until it gathered above the small of her back. Her perfect ass wiggled as she adjusted herself and braced on the console. I put each hand on the two front seats and eased my hips toward her cheeks. When the head of my penis met her wet lips, I wasted no time in plunging into her hot wetness.“Ughhh,” she moaned, as I entered her.I was completely inside of her. Something about this angle felt so good for both of us. As I slid in and out of her, the truck began to rock front to back slightly. We didn’t see anyone coming, so we kept it up.I pulled out my cock and slapped her on the ass with it. Then back at it we went, moaning and breathing so heavily that the windows started to fog up, obscuring our surroundings. But we didn’t care who was around at this point. We lost all awareness outside of our pleasure world we had created.For several minutes we went on like this, thrusting in that same position until I was ready to cum. But instead of finishing inside of her right then, I pulled out and sat back in the seat. I grabbed her hips and pulled her back onto me. As she lowered herself onto me and began riding me slowly, I grabbed her hair and pulled her head back onto my shoulder, sucking and kissing her neck as she made love to me like a good cowgirl.She slid off me and flipped around, riding me again while facing me. This wasn’t a time for slowness—she wasn’t making love to me anymore. She just wanted to fuck me now. As she slammed her hips down hard on me, I could feel my throbbing cock about to explode. She knew it, and wasn’t stopping for anything.“Ohhh, my God, baby. Yes! Keep doing that. Oh yeahhh,” I groaned as she fucked me so good.Each time she came down hard on me, she would breathe out a single word…“You … like … that … don’t … you? Oh … yes … you … do. Mm … mm … mm … yeah.”I was about to completely lose my mind at this point. In a matter of seconds I lost control, erupting inside my wife. And she didn’t stop until every shot of cum was deep inside of her.When it was obvious my intense orgasm had subsided, she hopped off and lay on her back in the seat, grabbing my face and guiding it down between her legs.I absolutely devoured her. As my cum ran out of her pussy, I licked and sucked on her clit, driving her wild.Growing more and more tense, and pulling my hair as I went down on her, she was about to go over the edge. The fast rhythmic dance of my mouth sent her into a tornado of pleasure, emotional release, and euphoria. Squealing a high pitched “Yeeeeesss!” and squeezing my face with her legs, she came and came. It was almost violent. Then, like a tempest leaving a drenched landscape in its path, her orgasm finally ended.I collapsed on top of her, and we lay there completely taken with love for each other, covered in my cum, her fluids, and our sweat.Then we heard the car next to us crank up.Had someone been in that car all along? We have no idea. But we really didn’t care.When they left, we cleaned up with a spare towel we keep in the truck for such times and put our clothes back on. We drove home and had a really good sleep, dreaming of our time together that night.