I’ve had this on my mind for a while so I thought I would finally make a post about it.I’m in my late 20s and am at a place where I’m really struggling with my views on sex. I have a lot of baggage from purity culture, and honestly a lot of sexual frustration as well. I think I have a significantly higher sex drive than most, but I’m unsure.While this site is great in some aspects, it also has its downfalls for me as a single, in that most of the contributers here are married. I’m not married, and that’s unlikely to change anytime soon. So, it can be difficult to relate because I have so much anxiety around sex. Even masturbation can cause lots of anxiety.I’ve struggled for a while to find a community online, and I’m coming to the conclusion that for singles, there isn’t one. The sex-positive communities tend to be very anti-religious in general unless, like this one, they are specifically Christian. I’ve been a member of several sites—Songs of the Believers, for one, though I left it for personal reasons a while back, and they aren’t responding to my attempt to rejoin. I’ve browsed some of the Christian sex Reddit groups; same issues: everyone is married. The best has probably been “The Garden” Discord server, but even that has its issues.This site is great, but you can’t actually get to know people on it, and there is very little single activity. I understand and respect MH’s reasons for not having any sort of chat feature, though I wish there was a healthy community where there was one. This seems to be one of the few healthy sex-positive communities.I understand that there are dangers to communities for singles, especially when there is a chat feature. There is the risk of inappropriate behavior or people going too far. But without some danger, how do you grow? I mean, I’m in a position where I’m literally on the verge of tears when I am horny or when I start to masturbate because I feel so dirty. I feel so unwantable, like what I’m doing is wrong. I have very strong anxiety about it at times. Clearly, that isn’t a good situation. I won’t grow unless I take some risk, and realistically, I will probably end up in situations with blurring lines before I figure out what the real lines ARE.It’s really causing a lot of emotional stress for me. I want to enjoy my body to the degree that it is right to do so, and as a single person, that’s really hard sometimes (or rather, all the time.. I feel a gigantic sense of loneliness and isolation in these struggles because it’s not something people really talk about. It’s not something they CAN talk about except on sites like this.I’m not really sure what I’m even asking for at this point, or what my question is. I guess I’m just looking for comments or advice. Where can a guy like me talk about what I’m going through with people who can relate to and advise me without feeling out of place or like a burden?