Tim got called away with his army buddy, Andrew, who also lives on the island. They are both retired but contracted by the army when they need training and stuff.  I have been spending a lot of time with Amber, Andrew’s new wife. Amber is in her 20’s and an American dream girl with long blond hair, blue eyes, full lips, and large breasts. She attracts a lot of attention and she welcomes it as well.She thinks I’m a prude and a kept woman because I do not flirt with the guys. I explained to her that I serve my husband and have given myself to him completely. She thinks I’m being controlled and a slave. I heard some bad stories of how Tim was on deployments. The bad image she painted of him left me very unsettled.  She was doing her best to get me to waver in my love for Tim.Saturday came and Tim arrived home as I was going to bed. I didn’t run to him.  For the first time ever I was unsure and maybe even scared. Tim approached me and asked what was wrong. I didn’t answer and looked at the floor. Tim lifted my chin with his finger and again asked what was wrong.“Am I your wife or am I your slave?”He smirked, and asked “Where is this coming from?”“Am I your slave? I do everything for you. And to you.  I am at your beck and call.”“Stop, please,” he said as he rubbed my face, and I pulled away.“Yes, Shay, you do everything, and are amazing, and beautiful, and my wife. Not a slave, my wife. Have I ever forced you to do anything? Do you feel if you don’t do things I ask that I would punish you. No?  Good, this tells me you are making the choices to do what I request.  Think of the life your friends were living in Korea. They were living a life of submissive, controlling servitude.  Does your life resemble that?“No, of course not. You saved me from that. But Amber told me things you and Andrew did on deployments.”“Yes, a lot of that was true, I am sure, but our lives and many others’ lives were in our hands. We had to do our job for everyone’s safety. And to be honest, Amber was everyone’s good-time girl until Andrew fell in love with her.  I think she loves him to a degree, but she thought I would stop the marriage.  She likes the lifestyle she can live and the freedom she has with him often gone.“God blessed me with you, and I cherish you, Shay.  I do not take you or our marriage lightly. I will always love you and show you love as best I can in this world. God loves you and shows me how to love you. I will do the very best I can.”This started me crying, and I told him how sorry I was for doubting him. Wanting to rebuild the bond between us, I slowly turned my back to Tim and pulled my dress up, revealing my bare ass. Bending over the couch and looking over my shoulder, I could see him undressing. His beautiful cock, hard and throbbing, made me gasp. Strings of his pre-cum dripped down as he moved.He stepped behind me and placed his hand on the small of my back, then slowly slid it up to the back of my head. There, he wound his fingers in my hair and pulled me back to him. As he pressed his cock into my pussy, he stretched me to take him fully. I cried out as my body shook. My juices flowed and coated his cock as he slowly pushed into me until fully buried.“Oh, Shay,” he moaned as he pulled out slowly, inch by inch, then slammed back in. Each thrust took my breath away, and I cried out as he drove me into the couch over and over. I shook all over, and my pussy throbbed and tingled around his cock until my body released, its juices gushing from me with each powerful thrust.Tim kept pounding my pussy as I continued to cum. Just as I went limp, he exploded, pulling back and holding only his cockhead inside my pussy while he shot long streams of cum into me, completely filling my pussy.I started to cry, so Tim pulled out, turned me around, and scooped me up in his arms, cradling me. We made love the rest of the night; only when the sun crested the horizon did we finally sleep.