The sun was shining brightly while I took my afternoon walk that Tuesday afternoon. I followed the paved walking path toward the beach. The summer crowds had arrived in this popular alpine lake town. At the beach, children splashed and swam in the water while sunbathers lined the sandy shore. There were more beautiful buns in plain view than at the local bakery! My mind began to wander, thinking about the date my wife and I would enjoy later this afternoon.Our kids were visiting their grandparents for the week and my lovely bride and I had planned to capitalize on some much needed time alone. We were our early 30’s at the time with young kids. Time alone was precious!Looking around the lake, I had found a beautiful hidden cove that was only accessible by a steep downhill hike. I planned a picnic with some wine that we could take and enjoy the sunset looking west across the lake. I arrived home early from work, packed up our picnic and made sure she and I had our bathing suits and adequate hiking shoes before we made our way to the trailhead.The hike would take about 20 minutes and along the way we passed stands of glorious ponderosa pines. My wife’s smooth skin sparkled from the light summer sweat in the afternoon heat. She looked gorgeous! About half way down we found a sign nailed to a tree, “Nude Sunbathers Ahead.” We stopped and looked at each other before she shrugged and decided to press ahead. Maybe no one was there in the middle of the week.We walked along the trail and wondered if we thought we could actually strip down on the beach like that. Soon, we approached and caught view of the most stunning cove with blue water and massive boulders peaking out of the water near the sandy shoreline. We quickly realized we would not be alone at the beach. There were a dozen or so visitors we could see from a distance, and bathing suits didn’t seem to be on their packing list that day. We chuckled and gazed from a distance for a minute or two then pressed on. As we got closer, we stood on a cliff above the cove and decided this was not really what we had in mind.We decided to follow the shoreline to the north to see if we could find another trail to get down to a more private area of the lake. A few minutes later we found it. A small cove, surrounded by boulders without another soul in sight. We hiked down and set up our picnic along the edge of the water and enjoyed our dinner. As we finished our wine and enjoyed the beauty of the lake, we wondered aloud what it would be like to skinny dip in the clear blue lake. Only one way to find out!We hadn’t seen or hear anyone since we’d left the larger cove an hour earlier. Together we stripped off our bathing suits and jumped in. It’s not that our thin bathing suits made much difference but it sure felt different to feel the water surrounding our most private areas on our bodies. She taunted me with her beautiful breasts sitting just beneath the waters surface. The water was so clear that I could still see her naked body. We laughed together as we felt so naughty! As we embraced, our skin warmed each other in the cold water. It was exhilarating! Our lips met and we kissed passionately. My hands grabbed her ass while she gently massaged my balls and growing cock. We moved toward a protected area where we would be out of view of any passersby and stepped out of the water.We continued to kiss and embrace. There was enough sunlight to help warm us, although our bodies were being warmed by the adrenaline we felt. My cock had grown hard and I could feel the warm wetness between her legs. She was backed up against a tall boulder and I lifted one of her legs so I could have access to her primed pussy. My cock slid in and plunged deep into her while we kissed. There we were, having sex on the beach. We continued until I felt her body shudder as she exploded into orgasm. We decided to head home and finish up as we weren’t quite ready for this evening to end.Quickly we dressed, and headed back up the mountain to go home. It was the perfect start to a fun week together and was an experience we wouldn’t forget!