It was a month after our wedding; we were doing great. We were bonding, and Melody was getting used to my kids, who were becoming just as much HER kids. In fact, a year later, she would adopt them. Melody went on to be the best mother and the most awesome grandmother too! Our kids and grandkids will testify to that. And I’ll testify that Melody was and IS an amazing and loving and kind and sexy wife!But Melody is very kind to everyone—including and especially to me, her husband. We made love very frequently that first month and usually we both were multi-orgasmic! But although we were experimenting with and enjoying different sex positions, we had never shared the oral sex experience. That was about to change!Other than a couple of pieces of sexy honeymoon pieces, Melody had no other sexy lingerie to wear. So I decided to buy her something from an online shop. I chose a beautiful bra and panty set in her favorite color, purple.I was planning to introduce oral sex (particularly cunnilingus) into our lovemaking sessions. But I had been hesitant to do so because of the past sexual abuse Melody had experienced in her childhood.Friday evening came. Our kids were staying with relatives that Friday night. I decided to give my bride the sexy lacy bra and panty set on Saturday morning. I also hoped to push those pretty panties to one side and for the first time feast on her pussy.Melody loved the set. She went into the master bathroom to put them on and modeled them for me when she came out. She was a gorgeous sight. She was fit AND curvy. She looked a lot like a busty lingerie model. For the umpteenth time, I marveled at how blessed I was. My wife was kind, beautiful, and sexy! She was also willing to experiment in our sexual relationship—all within our covenant of marriage!I stood and kissed her after the sexy modeling, and we moved to the king-size bed. She and I were soon devouring each other’s mouths. I moved down to her partially-covered breasts and pulled each side of the bra down just enough to kiss all around her areola. Then I sucked and tongue-flicked each nipple to make it as hard as a fresh raspberry. I followed this by opening my mouth wide to suck on her areola and nipple at the same time.While doing this I could not help but think about doing similar things to her labia and clitoris.I moved a bit nervously clear down to her ankles and kissed my way up the inside of both her legs. When I arrived at her lace-hidden pussy, I kissed and sucked on her cunt through the lace.Melody had been sighing and saying, “That’s nice! Mmmmm, that feels really good!”But when I began licking and lingually loving her pussy through the lace, she gasped in pleasure. I took that as a good sign, and while licking the lace, I gently pulled the panty aside to see and smell her very wet and very aroused pussy and clit. I took a long lick, and Melody sighed loudly from pleasure. Then I pushed my tongue up into her pussy’s opening, and she arched her back and pushed her vagina up to engulf my tongue.“Ooooo! I LIKE that! Put your tongue inside of me!”For lack of a better phrase, I’ll tell you that I tongue-fucked her as deeply as I could. Her pussy juices smeared all over my mouth, tongue, and face, but I absolutely relished the taste and the smell!Glancing up at Melody, it was very obvious that she was enjoying it immensely too! So I also reached up to pinch her lively nipples as my lips and tongue stayed busy at her clit and pussy. After a while, I moved a bit higher and gave her clitty some long strokes with my flat tongue. She loved it! Then I made my tongue pointed, and I worked over her pussy as she writhed in pleasure!After some time, she indicated that I needed to stop. The sensations were just too intense! She looked down at me and quoted a children’s song. “And the little one said, ‘Roll over! Roll over!’”Surprised, I first plunged my tongue into her sweet pussy just a bit more until she repeated the words.So I slid up beside her, and she said it again, sing-song. “Roll over! Roll over!” She also gave me a gentle shove so I rolled over onto my back as she had insisted. Of course tasting and licking and tongue-fucking her pussy had my then 32-year-old cock as hard as tempered steel.But instead of mounting me and doing cowgirl as I expected, Melody slid her face down and took my hard erection into her hands. She looked at my rod admiringly, then began to kiss my tip, followed by trying to take my thick but tapered glans into her very small mouth. She failed.Melody again surprised me by starting to laugh. “My husband’s hard penis is too big to fit into my mouth!” she exclaimed as she laughed some more.Honestly, I was speechless. I know this may seem weird, but I had no idea that I was way above average down there.But Melody is a go-getter! She opened her mouth wide and flexed it a few times, then lowered her pretty little mouth onto my cock head. She began to pump my shaft with her hands as she took my dick deeper into her mouth. She stopped at halfway as far as depth, but she began to bob her head up and down as her hands continued to pump my shaft.Needless to say, I was experiencing nirvana. Watching her tiny mouth engulf my erection for the first time reminded me of how she had given me her virginity only a month before.Finally, Melody backed off and came up to kiss me. Then she mounted me, and we had sex in the cowgirl position until we both came. Then we did it again in missionary position, and we came again!Afterward, while I held her and thanked her as we cuddled on the big bed, she confided in me. “I don’t think I can do that in the bedroom. Can we do it in the shower or bathroom instead?”I readily agreed. We had a shower/jetted tub with built-in armrests that a few days later we discovered I could stand on. With warm water spraying on my back and lightly splashing down on her, Melody stood facing me in the tub. She could and did give me an enthusiastic blow job without ever being triggered. She didn’t want cum in her mouth back then, so after the BJ she’d turn around and bend over and stand tippy-toe. When I climbed down from the armrests, the height was perfect for in-shower standing doggy-style sex. For many years we did this two or three times a month! What stopped it was my wife having foot surgery; after that, she could not stand on tiptoe anymore.But she would blow me as she sat naked (or near-nude in sexy lingerie) on a closed toilet seat with me standing in front of her. Or she’d just bend over to suck me when we were showering together. And eventually, she became comfortable with me coming in her mouth—sometimes—and with giving me fellatio in the bedroom and a variety of other places!Several years ago, we worked out a compromise because I wanted fellatio all the time. We agreed that it was a gift she would give me on birthdays, holidays, and anniversaries. That has made fellatio very special to me. Also, she sometimes surprises me with impromptu blowjobs!As far as me performing cunnilingus on her, we do that more often. Her code phrase for “I want cunnilingus” is, “Put your tongue inside me!”She sometimes is not in the mood for cunnilingus, and I generally honor that. But sometimes, I gently insist, and once I get started, she often finds the mood. I love how her raw pussy tastes! We also often use Aloecadabra flavored lube along with some coconut oil, and after I cum in her pussy, it is fun to lick out our “pussy-n-penis churned protein shake!” Many times, I scoop the cream pie out of her pussy and rub it on her nipples before licking and sucking it all off!This usually leads to a great orgasm for her since she’s buzzing her clit with a vibe while I’m sucking, licking, and tongue-flicking her tasty nipples! What’s interesting is that if I give her oral sex when she’s having a challenge climaxing, she is way more likely to cum. Even though she does not cum during oral sex, when I go back to loving on her tits after doing cunnilingus on her, she’ll cum like crazy!This post turned out to be about our first oral sex experience with each other and how oral sex has evolved in our living and sexy marriage. We feel that these types of oral marital sexual practices are sanctioned by God, and they serve to help bond us together as husband and wife!I say this because I’m sure you know that sinning denies you the Holy Spirit. He withdraws when we go off the straight and narrow way. But quite honestly, ALL the ways we sexually please our spouse in marriage are uplifting to the Holy Ghost. And what’s more, we can say a silent prayer for our spouse during sex, and the prayer is answered!