It was a quiet Wednesday evening. Ben and I had gotten home from visiting a friend’s house for a little Bible study. We sat at the kitchen table (still dressed mind you) and enjoyed a couple glasses of wine and going over a few Bible verses.  Church that night had been canceled due to an electrical issue, which was a bit disappointing.“I think I’m about ready for a shower! “ Ben said as he removed his reading glasses and placed them on the table.“I agree! It’s getting kinda late anyway “ I replied, closing the Bible and rising from my chair.We put away our wine glasses and locked everything down. We then made our way to our bedroom and adjoining master bath . It felt so good to finally get out of those clothes. Especially that bra! I stood in only my thong underwear and massaged under my breast. Ben looked at me and slipped off his jeans, standing nude, he turned on the shower.“Are you ok babe?” He asked with a smile.“Oh yes! Just feels good to finally take that bra off! “ I replied while slipping off my thong.Ben grinned and said,  “Ok. Thought maybe you were starting to get a little frisky!”“Oh good Lord! I bet you would like that! Get your mind out of the gutter man!” I said, laughing as we stepped into the shower.The water felt so nice as we took turns standing under the shower water.  I lathered myself up and watched him as he did the same. After rinsing and washing our hair, I turned off the shower and we stepped out .“You know what honey?” He asked as he started to towel off.“What’s that babe?” I replied as I reached for a towel.“I must admit that I am feeling a bit jealous.” He replied.I gave him a puzzled look and said,  “ Jealous of what? You have no reason to feel jealous!”He grinned and said,  “Jealous of those water droplets that are currently caressing your body.”I laughed and replied, “You’re so sweet! Talk about me feeling frisky !”We finished drying off, then walked nude to the bedroom. Ben got into bed, while I ran a brush through my hair.“Need anything before I get in bed?” I asked.“I don’t believe!” Ben replied, as he clicked on the bedroom television and turning the volume all the way down.  We usually turn the TV on and set a turn off timer to go off after about two hours. I crawled into bed and moved over next to Ben.We lay there silently for several minutes, just enjoying being in each other’s arms and doing a little affectionate cuddling. We then said a prayer and he clicked off the bedside lamp. I soon fell asleep in his arms. I don’t recall what time it was, but I soon felt a hand caressing my right boob and teasing my nipple. Glancing over my right shoulder, I looked sleepily at Ben.“I love you!” Ben whispered, then nibbled at my ear lobe and nuzzled my neck, while still massaging my breast. Naturally both became erect and a slight moan of pleasure escaped my lips. We then enjoyed a passionate kiss. I started to tell him how much I loved him and wanted him. But he again kissed me passionately and prevented me from speaking. His tongue attacked mine and a slight moan escaped me.“Sssssh! Don’t say anything! Just lay still my love” He whispered into my ear. He removed his hand from my breast and ran it along my side causing goose bumps to raise on my skin, as he began to caress my bare ass cheek.“You are so fucking beautiful!” Ben whispered as he let his hand move to my pubic area, where my pubic bush once was, but now smooth and bare.I could feel his hard dick against my ass, and it only seemed to fuel my growing flame.“Mmmmm, yes! “ I moaned as he started to masturbate me. I opened my legs to give him better access to my pussy. His hand caressed my moistened lips as he inserted one, then two fingers inside me. He began to finger fuck me and it felt so nice. I moaned and whimpered in pleasure. Then he began to stimulate my clit ever so gently as my hips moved, my cunt burned with desire and hungered for orgasm.“You like that don’t you? Your pussy is so smooth and wet. You want me to fuck you, don’t you? Ben said as he continued to masturbate me, rubbing my clit and bringing me extreme pleasure.“Yes! God yesss fuck me!” I panted. “ Make me cum! Please make me cum!”Ben let out a brief chuckle, the placed his hand around my throat, then I felt the head of his dick penetrate my cunt lips. Slowly he pushed his hard eight inches inside me, inch by inch. He filled me then pulled almost out before pushing back in again.The bed creaked in rhythm to our movements. He gently increased the pressure of his hand on my throat as he worked his dick slowly in and out of my pussy. I was delirious with pleasure and felt my pending orgasm building inside me.“Oh God! I’m close! Don’t stop! “ I panted.Ben began to increase the speed of his thrusting gradually. His hand reached down and began to stimulate my clit again. I was gonna cum at any second. Then it hit!“Ohhhhhhhh yesssss! Ohhhhhhh gonna cummmm! Fuuuuck Cumminggggg!” I cried as my body began to tremble and jerk from my orgasm. I could feel my juices spill out around his cock and onto my thigh.Ben continued working his cock, then stopped as he felt my cunt pulsate around his rigid cock. The feeling of fullness and pleasure I was feeling was indescribable“That’s my beautiful horny wife! Love feeling your pussy around my dick when you cum! Your pussy is so wet and feels so fucking good!” Ben said, then began to thrust again. This time with more intensity, making me cry out with each stroke as I reached behind me and put my hand on his thrusting bare hip.“Fuck me! Yesss fuck this pussy! Fuck me hard!” I cried out as I felt my body explode with yet another orgasm.“Gina, I’m gonna cum! Fuck! Gonna fill your cunt with my cum! Fuuuuck!” Ben growled as I felt his dick pulse and empty his balls inside me. We lay there panting, trying to catch our breath until he finally pulled out and rolled onto his back.I turned and faced him, his cock now semi-erect and covered in our juices. I took his cock into my mouth and cleaned him with my tongue, sucking whatever cum out that was left.We kissed, our tongues intertwining passionately.  “I love you so much,” I whispered.“I love you too! You are my angel.”  Ben replied.We both then drifted back into a peaceful sleep. Our nude bodies exposed and uncovered.Stay Horny all!