This story discusses a fantasy that lately I haven’t been able to shake. The image pops into my head, but for various reasons, a feeling between my legs comes first. It happens that when I find something a little out of the ordinary that I want to do to my husband, I can’t stop thinking about it until I’ve been sufficiently satisfied. Some of our best sex comes after I get such an idea into my head.I feel a little unsatisfied because the logistics of sitting in his lap are more hilarious than sexual for us. Being larger people, it is hard to balance in this position, and our tummies kind of get in the way. I suspect this might be aided by the right piece of furniture, but for now, I’ll just keep thinking about it. Time for us to hit the gym again. After all, sexual intimacy is a priority. Here goes.I just want to sit on your cock. I want to be vulnerable with you. I want to be penetrated by you. I want to wrap my legs around you and have you rock me while I sit in your lap. I want you to use your arms to hold me there on your lap.Then, make out with me. I don’t think I could stand it. I’d probably come right there. I would feel so incredibly yours… when you put all your feelings into me while I’m there, wrapped around you, and can’t let go.I’m always longing to be in your lap. For whatever reason, it’s a recurrent fantasy of mine: whenever my thoughts turn to sex during the day; whenever I get a chill; whenever I remember that I have a womanhood; when I’ve been in my thoughts and slip back into my body; whenever I remember the taste of your mouth on mine.That’s when I imagine feeling your strong legs underneath me. I want you to bounce me on your lap while I press my breasts up to your face. I hope you let all your feelings, all your desire, loose on me. I hope you use me for your pleasure. I want you to take pleasure in me. I hope there are lots of things you want to do to me.I want you to probe me and watch my reactions, using them to drive your passions. I want to feel you grow even harder and more excited. I want… to make you want to burst.I want you to pour your love into my mouth. Open up wide so I can taste your breath. I feel your body’s chemistry overwhelm mine. My normal composure is overtaken by your pheromones. I’m out of control of my body now. I would let you do anything to me, and I pray that you take me up on the offer.All I want is to be had by my husband. All the time, I feel this. All the time, I want this. I still don’t know why I want to sit on your cock; I just know that I do. I hope I get the chance.Maybe while you’re sitting on our bed, maybe with your back against the wall. Maybe you’ll be cold and only be able to come forward into me and seek comfort in my warmth. Sorry for wanting you to be uncomfortable just so I can be your comfort. I might be a naughty kind of wife. I hope you can forgive me and still be a responsible husband to me and give me your due diligence. I desperately need it. Maybe tonight.