(A) – This story contains anal play.Hello all,This is my first story so bear with me.57 days—that is how long I have been married to my amazing wife Kaitlyn, as of writing this.Kaitlyn and I (Dale) started sharing desires, kinks, and fantasies a week before marriage, though we never acted them out, we just shared them to be more comfortable while trying new things after being married.Recently, we have been trying out new positions and new kinds of pleasure. I have spent more time on making sure Kaitlyn comes first, and giving extra time to touching her lady parts and breasts, both orally and with my hands. Those are the things that really seem to get her going.She has given more extra attention to my perineum, licking, sucking, and rubbing on it with her hands. Today we were extra frisky and she give me a prostate massage by penetrating my backside with a toy while giving me a blowjob. The sensations were quite incredible.We are still new to all of this, so there was some verbal communication about what was working and what was not feeling so great. The conversations Kaitlyn and I had leading up to all these explorations really had me aroused, and her acting them out really got me hard. At one point she mentioned that she felt like my cock was more erect than prior to some of these actions.After some play focused on me, we swapped roles and I went back to giving Kaitlyn vaginal attention. The sound of her moans gets me really turned on, and makes me feel like I can explode just from hearing the sounds of her excitement.After some time using my fingers on Kaitlyn, she got on top of me, inserted my penis into her, and started riding me passionately.As I felt and saw her pleasure increase, and felt my own increase as well, I asked, “You realize we never put a condom on me?”She replied, “I know, are you close?”The thought of us both being willing to have me finish inside of her is such a turn on, and not doing so required a lot of self-control, given that we have not even been married for two full months yet. Oh, how I desire to finish in her with nothing in between us… I am looking forward to that day. (One of my other fantasies for this day is eating her out after I cum inside of her and tasting both of our juices.)But that would be for another day. This time, we decided to stop and put a condom on me, then she hopped back on top of me, grabbed my cock, and put me back inside of her. As she was riding me, I rubbed on her clit, pinched her nipples, and grabbed at her ass. Kaitlyn really loved the clit and nipple play. Nipple play in particular is her kryptonite.After some time, she came, but kept riding me. The feeling of her juices on me was amazing. After she finished, we switched to missionary and I got to work until I shot my load.It was wonderful, though I still have some things to work on. The night before, Kaitlyn shared with me that she squirted, and I could validate that because we were both extra wet! We would love to achieve that again. Any advice on achieving this for her more frequently would be much appreciated!Thank you for taking time to read this, and please leave any advice or feedback you have that might benefit a newly-married couple!– Dale