When we were younger, earlier on in our marriage, we used to go camping.  There is something great about sex while camping. Sex by lantern light in the tent… by the campfire… or even at home by the fireplace is great too. This post is about how we have recreated that type of soft and sexy light in our bedroom.We got a halite lamp a few years ago. Halite is rock-salt. The lamp sent a soft warm glow throughout our bedroom.  We liked it so much that we bought another lamp, and another, and another. Three of the lamps are 7-8 inch high solid rocks with a light inside. One lamp is a beautiful square intricate iron basket full of various sizes of smaller halite rocks that surround the light.We have all four of these lamps set up in our bedroom. One is on each nightstand and one on each of our dressers. The dressers frame a flatscreen TV.When we make love we usually turn all four lamps on, along with a YouTube fireplace video that has Spanish guitar music. The halite glow hits us basically from all sides.We got blackout curtains so the great majority of the light in our bedroom is from the lamps and the TV fireplace.  We usually make love in the morning so my heart can handle the sexercise.  So, the blackout curtains are important to keep light from streaming in through the bedroom window.  If you have sex at night, light from the window shouldn’t be a problem so you wouldn’t need blackout curtains. Of course, we don’t ALWAYS have sex by halite lamp and firelight, but we often do.I love how my naked Melody looks in that halite lamp lamplight. Her Nordic skin takes on an amazing glow! When we don’t turn on the fireplace TV she STILL looks like she is bathed in firelight—just because of the light from the rock-salt lamps. She says she likes how my darker-complected skin looks in that light as well. She says it’s very romantic.The halite lamps are supposed to help clean the air. I don’t know if that’s true, but they certainly do a great job at setting the mood for beautiful lovemaking for us. I highly recommend them!Personally, we think that all married couples should try sex by halite light. And all sex shops should sell these halite lamps! We got our four from four different places: a Natural History Museum gift shop, a National Park gift shop, a grocery/department store, and online.After we made love in the halite lamp two days ago, I wrote this two-limerick poem:I love the glow from each halite lampLike loving by the fire while you campMy wife’s Nordic skin glowsMaking my juices flowAnd my wife turns right into a vampWe made love by the soft halite lightMy cute wife was a wonderful sightShe came once; I came twiceShe said it was quite niceBeing together feels oh so rightCheck out this slang definition for “vamp” and you’ll see how it makes sense in the poem:vamp: A seductive and flirtatious woman, in particular a beautiful, sexy woman who exploits men by using their intense sexual desire for her.Of course, for Melody, I’m the only one she exploits sexually—and I’m all for it! And my desire IS intense! Especially when she is glowing in the light of the halite lamps! ¡Viva la explotación!Finally, a rather lame but kind of funny joke:Question: Why is sex while camping so awesome?Answer: Because it’s in tents. (intense)