This post contains strong language (L).About a month ago, my husband and I went to stay with our daughter and her husband for the weekend. This was the first time the four of us ever did something like this, and we were all very excited. My husband, Timothy, and my son-in-law went out hunting all day, leaving my daughter and me the full day to spend together. We decided to spend some of it at the mall. Enjoying our girl time, we visited a few shops and stopped at the food court around lunchtime. While we ate, I started teasing my daughter.“So when you are and Jack going to give me some grandbabies?”She laughed. “Mom, we’ll get there,” she said.“Well, you better get busy. I’m not patient,” I replied.My daughter’s eyes lost focus for a minute as she dropped into deep thought.“Are you okay, hon?” I asked.“Mom, I need to ask you something kinda awkward.”“What’s going on?”“Ummm, how often do you and Daddy…. uh, have sex?”Her question took me by surprise.What was going on with them?I thought. But I maintained my composure. “Well, first of all, it’s perfectly fine for you to ask me this. I’m glad you did.”She smiled, I could tell she was relieved I didn’t freak out.“Your father and I usually have sex several times a week. It’s been that way for most of our marriage. Why? What’s going on with you and Jack?”“Well, we have sex, but it’s just… we don’t have as much as I wish we did. And I don’t know how to tell him because I don’t want him to view me in a bad way.”“Baby, I promise you, Jack is not going to think you’re a whore for wanting to have sex with him. Every guy ever would be over the moon that their spouse wanted more sex with him. On the other hand, youare“his whore.” You can be wildly sexual with your husband alone. You bothgetto have sex with each other—it’s not something to be ashamed of.”We decided to go to Victoria’s Secret and get some goodies. I got a black thong, and she got a couple of teddies. Then we left to go back home. In the car, I decided to try continuing our conversation.“Did you have any more “awkward” questions?”“Um, yeah. Do you do oral?”“Of course I do. I love giving oral. It makes your dad happy and that makes me happy.”“I’ve done it a couple of times, but not all the time. I’m not fully a fan of it.”“That’s fine. I think it’s something you’ll learn to love, with experience. I will say that Jack does seem to love your ass.”She looked at me and laughed.“Hey, I catch his eyes tracking when you walk by. And why shouldn’t I feel a little proud? I helped create it.”“Mom, my butt ain’t like yours.”“Well, your father would definitely agree,” I said, and we both laughed.“I know! I’ve heard what he thinks about yours.”“What? When?”“Mom, I’ve heard y’all have sex all my life.”“Really?!”“Yeah! Y’all get pretty loud.”“Sorry! Sometimes I can’t help it,” I said while laughing.“I’ll be honest: in my teens, I’d get a little wet sometimes listening to y’all. Made me imagine what the future would be like with my husband.”We kept talking till we got home. By then, it was getting dark and close to dinner time. Our husbands got home a little while after us, and I went up to kiss Timothy.“Hey, baby. Thanks for bringing me some meat for dinner,” I said, surreptitiously grabbing his crotch as our lips met.We ate dinner and spent the rest of the night having a few drinks and chatting. It was wonderful to get to spend this time together, but at around 11:30, we all decided to call it a night. Timothy and I went to our bedroom, and Jack and Kristen to theirs.Timothy stripped down into his boxers, got in bed, and put the TV on. I stripped to my bra and my new panties, then joined my husband in bed, and we talked about our day.“Kristen asked me about our sex life.”“Really?” My husband’s eyebrows shot up.“Yep. Apparently, she and Jack haven’t been having as much as she wants, and she is timid to ask him about it. So I gave her some advice.”“And what advice was that?”“Oh, nothing too special,” I said as I slipped my hand into his boxers and started stroking him. A few minutes later, I’d ducked under the covers to give my husband some good head until he called my name.“What’s wrong?” I asked.“You hear that?”We both got quiet and listened. Over the low drone of the TV, we faintly heard, “Oh, fuck yeah, baby,” and “Oh god, you’re so big!” It seemed that my advice was helping out tonight.But I didn’t let it distract me from my mission. I turned around and got my ass right in my husband’s face. He quickly removed my panties and started to eat my wet pussy while I sucked his huge cock. He made me cum twice, then pulled me up.“Get on top, cowgirl. I want you to ride this.”“I’d love to, big boy.” I turned back around and mounted my husband in cowgirl position and started swaying back and forth. We weren’t being quiet, and we didn’t care.My husband smacked my big ass and made it jiggle. Then he sucked on my titties until he made cum once more. “That’s it. Ride this dick, my sexy MILF.”“Oh yes… I love it, baby… I love your cock… come on… keep fucking me.”He smacked my ass again. “Oh, babe, I’m about to cum.”I quickly got off and started sucking him again. I wanted to taste his load, and he obliged by cumming in my mouth. Then, we cuddled and fell asleep in each other’s arms.What a hot and sexy day!