I am in my early 50’s and my wife in her late 40’s.  We’ve had several children and I’ve been through a recent surgery to correct issues left by high blood sugar. I was also placed on testosterone injections as my level had dropped in the past few years. My desire had been quite infrequent. The doc also prescribed Viagra.  This is my first story, but we have been reading on here for some time now.In the last year, my sex drive has come back strong. I feel like a teenager with raging hormones again. We have gone from making love once or twice per month to at least 3 times weekly again.A few nights ago after going out to dinner, my wife asked me to wait in the dining room. She said she would call me in our bedroom when she was ready.  After several minutes she asked me to come in.  I have for years always had a pantyhose fetish. My favorite is the basic suntan or nude, butI love all colors of them.  I also love to smell the sweet and musky scent from my wife’s beautiful vagina. When she wears them during our lovemaking, I am ecstatic .  As I entered our room my wife lay on our bed wearing a full pair of suntan pantyhose. She had cut the crotch out to expose her gorgeous love pit and wore nothing else.“Get out of those clothes, my handsome husband.  You have a lot on you and tonight your baby doll wants to take care of you.”Already my hard cock had grown to its almost 9 inch length.   Removing my clothes, I laid down beside her. She began passionately kissing my mouth and making sure we could taste each other’s tongues.After several minutes of this, she began kissing down my neck all the way to my throbbing member.  As she began to kiss my cock and take the head in her mouth, I gently stroked her clit.  Her vagina was glistening wet and she was making light moans and she gave me such pleasure with her mouth.  We also never watch porn. But she found 30-minute YouTube audio files. In them, couples are recorded moaning as they passionately make love. She played one as we made love, turning us on even more.She then gently pulled me on top of her and spread those beautiful suntan pantyhose legs wide.  “Please slowly enter your wife’s sweet pussy, baby” she said.  I took my time to enjoy entering her waiting hole inch by inch as I had hundreds of times before.  She did some things different but so erotic that she had not done before.   “You just enjoy yourself baby. I want to feel you release your hot semen in me tonight.”I slowly slid in and out and did soft passionate thrusts into her moist creamy love pit. And remember, I mentioned I love to smell her.  She had the silky panties she wore at work all day.  She took the crotch where her pussy had been, and laid it gently on my nose. Here I could smell her woman scent as she pleased me with her waiting pussy.She said “I can tell you are not far. Let me know when you are close to getting ready to come in me “.  When I moaned I’m getting close she said something else I never heard her voice to me.  “I’m going to milk your cock tonight.”   She used her vaginal muscles and gripped my shaft like it wouldn’t let go. She also pressed her pussy scented panties into my nose somewhat harder.  With that, I couldn’t withhold my release and had a climax stronger than I’ve had in years.I collapsed on her sexy C Cup breasts. Stroking my hair, she let me know how much she loves me. She reminded me that she wanted to do the same for me again. I usually make sure I take my time with her and concern myself with her pleasure and orgasms. It was so loving and special now in our middle age she wants to give me herself on special evenings.