Long time no see. By that, I mean it’s been nearly three years since I wrote my last story. Maybe you couldgo back and review themif you like.I am inspired to write this story after a late-night reading of the PasionatePastor and his “Pastor’s Office” story. First, a little background may be needed. I am a minister of many years. (I am 66 years old.)  My beautiful wife and I have enjoyed a long marriage full of great sex, but age has taken its toll on our bodies. In years past, we would make love at least every other day. Missing two days in a row was rare, and it was always hot when we came back together. I mentioned in another story her life-long struggle with migraines. On top of that, menopause has decreased her desire, and her injured neck (from over-enthusiastic sex) has greatly limited us. And that doesn’t even include my issues.Last night I was horny, but she was not, and I never want to force myself on her. So, we slept naked together as usual, but no sex. When I woke up around 2:00 a.m. and couldn’t get back to sleep, I went downstairs naked to lie on the couch and read some MarriageHeat.  Reading “The Pastor’s Office” reminded me somewhat of my wife and me in my office at church.Now…to the actual story.I had been the minister at my current location for five years. I was often in the church building alone, but my office windows did not allow me to see in advance someone visiting. In addition to that, my office door had a large window in it.My wife called to see if it would be convenient for her to stop in to see me. Of course, we both knew what that actually meant, and I was happy to say “Yes!”Sandy is a 5’2″ petite blonde. Such a beauty! As she came into my office (no one else in the building), she smiled her beautiful smile, and we kissed. Before going any further, I locked my office door and took her hand to move away from the window in the door. How embarrassing would it be for my secretary or a church member to see the preacher and his wife naked and in action!!She slowly began undressing for me. I started getting hard in anticipation of once more seeing what I think is perfection in a woman’s body. She pulled her dress over her head, revealing her sexy matching bra and thong. I love that she wears only thongs, showing off her wonderful butt. I stepped forward, and we kissed, my hands caressing her back and butt. She reached immediately for the outside of my pants, where my hard cock showed my interest in her.Stepping back, she unhooked her bra and let it drop.“You have such perfect tits!” I told her. They’re the perfect size for her petite body, and her areolas and nipples are just right. I started to pay them the attention they deserved with my mouth, but she moved back and slowly slid down her thong, revealing the shaved, smooth pussy I love so much.Now standing in front of me was my loving, naked wife, except she still had on the high heels she wore in. On my knees in front of her, I licked, nibbled, and sucked on her wonderful nipples while gripping her naked ass. Oh, I love this!She helped pull me to my feet, then quickly stripped me. Off went my shirt and pants, shoes, socks, and boxers, my hard cock pointing where he wanted to go. LOL.“I love your hairy chest,” she whispered as she ran her hands up and down me. Then, moving to her knees, she took my cock into her mouth, one hand on my shaft and the other cradling my balls. I moaned with pleasure, yet looked through the window (not the one in the door) to see if anyone was looking from outside. All clear. She moaned, too, as she continued to lick, kiss, and suck me.Helping her up, I laid her on a long conference table with her legs spread while moving to my knees. Oh, how I love to taste her pussy. She was so wet! My tongue circled her clit, and my finger thrusts in and out of her vagina.“Oh, fuck me!” she begs.Something I forgot to mention: before we began undressing, I positioned my phone camera to video us. I think it turns her on to know I do this. I like to watch us again and again and masturbate. Please forgive me if that offends you; my wife doesn’t mind.Okay, I helped her off the table to the carpeted floor. Then, on our knees, I entered her pussy from behind (doggie-style), and we both moaned loudly as we moved (hoping no one would come into the building and catch us).“Oh yes! Oh, fuck me!!” she cried. I also get loud having sex; we moaned and talked dirty together. She reached back to play with her clit and hold my balls—the naked preacher and his wife in the minister’s office, going at it hard!Moving to the missionary position, we started pumping faster and moaning louder as we moved toward climax.“Don’t stop!” she cried. Finally, I exploded in her pussy, she having just preceded me in her cumming. How great!One reason I wrote this is to get you other ministers, preachers, pastors—whatever you are called—to add your stories, letting us know you are also a minister. Of course, we also like sex with our wives, and I, for one, really would like to hear about your sex life, too.One final thing: Just as I finished this, my wife FaceTimed me. She is off today. She was naked in bed, fingering herself, and had called me to watch from my church office. Fabulous!!! I pulled down my pants and masturbated as we watched each other. She came SO loud! I would have liked to have been naked and louder, too, but someone was in the next room.