(A) – This story contains anal play, including analingus.(L) – This story contains strong language.There is something about the Rocky Mountains that calls to us.  We hike there from early spring to early winter and the sights never get old.  If you haven’t been, you might think that the locals and annual visitors keep the trails busy.  That’s true for the more popular destinations, but for us, the more remote lakes and vistas offer something far more enticing.We headed out one early summer morning to Ptarmigan Lake, a secluded lake that can be reached from Flat Top Trail.  It’s easily visible from the trail but to get there requires a steep descent of abound 700ft.  I had been following my wife all day, fixated on her sexy hips and ass that had been taunting me for miles.  Our descent was slow and careful, and I know she had plans when we reached the edge of the lake—plans that were getting my cock nice and hard.Several years ago on a hike, she had surprised me with a confession that she had always wanted to get naked and fuck in the mountains.  We’d often gone on remote hikes and had become pretty adept with a topo map and compass.  It was easy to find ourselves in beautiful meadows or gorges, by rivers or lakes where few traveled.  Many of those places made us feel as though we were the only ones around.  My wife is shy by nature and a bit of an introvert, so this confession was unexpected.  Me, I’d walk naked into a grocery store to pick up a carton of eggs if it wasn’t for local law enforcement.  But that’s another story.We’d made our descent and were close to the shore when she stopped and took off her backpack.  As she walked toward the lake, her top and sports bra hit the ground.  She stopped by several large boulders and casually slipped out of her hiking boots.  She turned to me, her breasts sunlit, her nipples erect.  She licked her lips with a smile, unzipped her shorts and let them fall to her ankles.  There she was, naked, fit and caressed by a mountain breeze, as though she was made to be there, a mountain nymph and all mine.I put my hands on her waist, and she kissed me hard as she unbuttoned my shirt, rubbing my chest and downward to my belt which she unbuckled with ease.  I took off my shirt as she unzipped my pants, her hand already caressing my swollen cock.  I put my hands on both of her cheeks and kissed her hard, but she pulled away from me.“We’ve been hiking for three hours; I need a bath.”With that, she turned, and I watched her sexy, naked ass dive right into the cold mountain water.  I followed close behind.When she emerged from the water a few seconds later, her hair was plastered against her skin, water cascading down her breasts textured with goosebumps, her nipples erect and hard.  I kissed her again, my thumbs rubbing small little circles around those cold nipples.  I pressed hard against her, and she followed suit.“You’re so fucking hard,” she said quietly.She threw her head back toward the sun as I sucked lightly on each nipple with several small bites to get her to groan quietly.She took my hand, and we waded back to the boulder-filled shore where she leaned against a large rock, her wet, naked body warmed against its surface.“You know what I want,” she said quietly.I knew what she wanted but asked her to say it.“I want you to stroke your cock for me.”I dutifully granted her wish, wrapping my hand around my thick shaft.  I began slowly, letting her take in its fullness and length, as I stroked.  She bit her lip and casually traced her nipples with her fingers.  I responded by working my balls as I stroked.  I know she loves this and I really put on a show, my moans becoming involuntary as I worked my cock for her.I moved closer toward her to give her a closer look at the precum beginning to escape, feeling the warmth growing inside me.  I took my thumb and rubbed it over the head of my cock, feeling that spongy head expand for her.  She slowly dropped to her knees in front of me, taking the head of my cock in her mouth, tasting my precum, replacing it with her glistening spit.I left my cock in the tight grip of her capable hands as she held the base of my shaft and sucked hard on the head of my cock. Then she broke from that to lick the length of my shaft, tracing the fleshy veins with the tip of her tongue.  She pushed me back slightly and I rested against the smooth, flat surface of a rock.  She locked her mouth on the underside of my shaft, just below the head of my cock, and sucked hard.  When she does this it’s almost unfair. My knees buckled, and my thighs began to shake with the pleasure she was giving me.My hand found its way to the back of her head, encouraging her to take the length of my now rock-hard cock fully into the warm wetness of her mouth.  She expertly complied.  I felt my breath deepening.  I spread my legs for her, feeling her hand move up the inside of my thigh.  She began to aggressively suck me, the foamy ring of her saliva gathering around the base of my shaft, her finger pushing slowly into my asshole.  The sensations she was giving me edged me closer.It wasn’t long before I whispered for her to stop. I stayed motionless for a minute, as did she, letting my urge to cum subside.  As she stood up before me, her mouth wet, she forced my mouth open and shared the wetness of her spit and my precum.As we kissed, I let my hand find her trimmed bush, lightly teasing her with my fingers.  I turned her around, putting her back on the rock I was just on.  I knelt in front of her, and as she leaned back onto the rock, she casually draped one leg over my shoulder, exposing her furry little mound.  Her hair was soft against my lips as I planted kisses on and around her vulva and the insides of her thighs, letting my tongue gently part her lips.  I craved that soft wetness of her pussy, and began to lick the length of her fleshy slit up and down, slowly at first.  I playfully tugged on her lips with my mouth, anticipating her hand on my head, which always means “tongue-fuck me.”  When that signal soon came, I stiffened my tongue and did as I was told, burying it inside her juicy pussy, then in and out to her rhythm.When she was about to cum, I sucked lightly on her clit to intensify her coming orgasm.  Her clit is sensitive, and I soon felt her thighs quivering, so I released her clit and licked those quick, tight little circles around it, just as she likes.  He legs pressed hard against my cheeks as she came.  I let the creamy wetness of her cum bathe my face.  Her moans were deep and long as the tension in her thighs slowly relaxed.She turned around suddenly and put her ass in my face.  She looked at me over her shoulder and said playfully, “You look like you’re still hungry.”  With her belly flat on the rock, she spread her legs wide as I buried my tongue between her firm cheeks.  I teased her little pink asshole with my tongue and spread her warm cheeks with my hands to give her a good licking.  She likes to finger her pussy when I eat her ass, and I soon felt more wetness find its way down to my mouth and chin.  She came and came again as I licked, her breathy moans urging me to stroke my cock, which was throbbing to her excitement.I raised myself up, kissing her ass and back as I stood and let my cock enjoy that soaked warmth between her cheeks.  Kissing the back of her neck I told her I needed to fuck.  I turned her around to face me.  I pressed my chest against her breasts, feeling my cock rub against her vulva, then teasing her, using my cock to part her lips and enjoying the wetness we had already created.“I need your cock inside me,” she whispered. Every fucking inch of it.”Of all the sensations in life, slowly entering her is the most rewarding to me.  Feeling her lips part for me, stretching for me, feeling her muscles tightening around my thick shaft—the warm wetness within.  It was easy to imagine that we were the only ones in existence, alone by that lake.Her legs slowly wrapped around me as we fucked—slowly, deliberately.  A warm breeze brushed her hair back.  She looked at me, gritting her teeth and scrunching her nose, her little growls becoming deeper moans.  I pulled back from her slightly and spread her thighs as she laid back.  The serene beauty of our surroundings stood in contrast to the hard, deep fucking she was about to experience.I picked up my pace and intensity, pulling back until the head of my cock was almost exposed, then thrusting back in aggressively, my balls slapping her ass—over and over.“Fuck that pussy harder baby, give me that fucking cock!” she cried loudly as she began to finger her clit.She draped her legs over my shoulders, and I pulled her against me.  My cock was now soaked with her juices, as was the rock under her ass.  I wanted to eat her so badly at that point, but we were getting close.She stopped rubbing her clit, putting her finger in my mouth for a taste, then began to forcefully pinch her nipples.  My thrusts were deep but short at this point. She likes it that way when she cums.I soon felt that warmth in my waist—a response to her orgasm—and I followed her closely, my cock throbbing uncontrollably, every muscle in my body tense as I bathed her pussy with my warm, thick cum.  She squeezed her muscles tightly around my shaft, milking every last drop I had to offer.I lay there pressed against her, enjoying her satisfied smile.  We talked for a little while—I don’t recall about what, I was somewhere else.  My erection subsided and I pulled back, letting it slide out of her wonderfully wet, spent pussy.  Our cum soon followed, oozing out of her.She playfully fingered herself, her fingers white with cum.  Looking me in the eyes, she put her fingers in her mouth.  She pulled me close to her, pressing her mouth hard against mine, forcing my mouth open and sharing our cum in a long, passionate kiss.We found ourselves later lying in the shallow water of the lake, feeling the cool water and warm sun on our naked bodies, ignoring the sounds of other hikers somewhere out there.  It would be a long hike back, but not for a while.