(L) – This story contains strong language.This is Part 1 of a 4-part series:The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 1(Introduction and Days 1-4)The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 2 (Days 5-8) – Coming soon!The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 3 (Days 9-11) – Coming soon!The Twelve Cums of Christmas – Part 4 (Day 12 and Finale) – Coming soon!Carol the CummerI would like to tell you a true story about my amazing wife. I will call her Carol. We have been together for a long time, but I still get turned on by her. She used to be a Sunday school teacher and is still heavily involved in her church. That just makes it so much better. No one would believe her erotic side. She is beautiful with large firm tits, great legs and a nice firm ass. But the best thing about her is, she loves to cum. She can orgasm in so many different ways and so often it is truly amazing. Here’s one of the best stories about her incredible ability.We call it the Twelve Cums of ChristmasCarol likes to be challenged so I proposed that she has a different orgasm each day of the twelve days before Christmas, and she said why not. I didn’t tell her that I meant the same as the song, so that on day one there was one orgasm on day two a new method but a repeat of day one as well, and so on.  I didn’t explain it at first so that I wouldn’t scare her off. It worked out.On the First Day of ChristmasI wake Carol up by licking her deliciously wet pussy first thing in the morning. She responds quickly, and starts to move her hips as I slowly lick up and down her juicy lips. Her clit hardens right away, and I alternate between a long, slow lick from her ass to her clit and back again, and then focus directly on her clit. I suck on it like I am eating spaghetti. With a long, slow tug, I suck it into my mouth, then focus right on her hard clit by sucking it in and out between my teeth as fast as I could. This always gets her, so I keep it going until she reaches down to grab my head and tries to pull it into her soaking wet pussy.By that time her tits were pushed together, their hard nipples standing up. So I reach up and roll them between my fingers as I attack her clit. Just as her head starts to rock from side to side and her legs tighten around my head, I let her clit go and return to licking her cunt from top to bottom. She lets out an exasperated moan, as she was close to cumming, but as I work her pussy with long, slow strokes, her hips start to move again.I keep the long, slow lick going as she pushes her hips into my mouth, rocks her hips up and down, and moans. Carol lets out a gasp as I suck her clit into my mouth again. As I suck the hard, engorged meat into my mouth, I hold it there with a strong pressure, pulling it into my mouth. Then I flick the end of her clit with my tongue.Carol’s eyes shoot open with a look of ecstasy on her face as I continue to attack her clit. Her mouth drops open as a silent scream starts, which then turns into a low moan and grows into a full, panting, screaming, “Yes, yes, fuck fuck fuuuuuuccckkk!” Her legs put my head into a vice grip, and her pussy floods my mouth with sweet juice. Carol’s hips buck as her orgasm peaks and wave after wave washes over her.She finally releases the grip on my head and pushes me away from her super sensitive clit.“I don’t know if I can do that every day,” Carol pants. Little does she know what’s coming.On the Second Day of ChristmasWe repeat day one—I lick her pussy again, but I focus on her clit to make her cum faster.When she has her first orgasm, I move up onto the bed on my knees and put her ankles over my shoulders. This raises her ass up off the bed, and I shove my cock into her soaking wet pussy. Her body and her legs create an L shape, and in this position my cock hits her VERY sensitive G spot. I slide fully in and out, very slowly, and my hard cock slides over her G spot. Carol responds immediately and starts to move her hips. Her head rocks back and forth from side to side, and she squeezes me with her ultra-toned legs. Her hands grab her beautiful, firm tits, and she massages them while pulling on her engorged nipples.I have fucked her like this so many times that I know when her orgasm is close, but I want this to last! So I pull my cock out until just the head is in her pussy, and I continue to fuck Carol with short strokes that don’t reach her special spot. She is close to cumming, and when I am not hitting her G spot, it frustrates her in the most beautiful way.“Damn you, fuck me, you bastard! Fuck me deep,” she gasps as I continue to short-stroke her. Carol tries to thrust her hips at me to get more cock, but I hold her off as her frustration continues. “Fuck me! Fuck me hard and deep! Give it to me! I need to cum! Fuck meeeeeeeee!”I slide my cock all the way into her wet cunt, and she grunts loudly as my rock-hard cock slides over her G spot. Her eyes squeeze shut and she grinds her hips against me as I attack her most sensitive erogenous zone. “Yes, yes, yes!” she moans. “Fuck me, fuck me, oh yes, yes, I’m gonna cum!”And that’s when I pulled back and short-stroked her again. “Don’t stop, don’t stop, please don’t stop!” she cries. “I need it, give it to me, give it to me hard!” Carol reaches down and starts to rub her clit with her fingers, trying to get herself off. But I pull her hand away and continue to give her short strokes that stop just short of hitting her G spot. Her pussy is leaking juices over my balls and her ass. She reaches up and grabs my ass and pulls me fully into her, and her hips hump up and down like she’s riding a bronco.Finally I grab her thighs and start to hammer her pussy, ramming my cock back and forth over her G spot. Carol puts her hand back to work on her clit and lets out a loud, high-pitched scream as an intense, full-body orgasm overtakes her. Her nipples are like rocks, and her tits bounce as I pound her pussy. She jerks her hips into the air and holds them there, her legs squeezing me as cunt juice floods over us both. I continue to pound her until she pushes me away and collapses on the bed. As she comes down from her peak, her body alternates between post-orgasmic shudders and going completely limp with blissful exhaustion.As she recovers, she looks at me and says, “There is no way I can do that every day.”Well, I guess we’ll see.On the Third Day of ChristmasWe repeat day one:I eat her to a quick clitoral orgasm.We repeat day two: I put her legs over my shoulders and hammer her G spot.Now she is laying on the bed with her legs splayed wide as she recovers from two quick and intense orgasms. I slide my hand up her leg to her soaking wet pussy. I slowly massage her lips up and down and circle her clit with my finger. She moans a little at the gentle touch on her very sensitive clit.I move my fingers down and slide my first two fingers into her still-quivering quim. Carol’s eyes jerk open and she grabs my arm with both hands. She says, “No, no, I’m not ready yet! Please, no.”But I stay at it, and before long her “no’s” turn into moans, and her hands that were trying to keep me out of her pussy are now pulling my fingers deeper inside. Her breathing turns ragged, and her mouth opens and closes with a silent moan. As Carol’s hips start to move up and down to the rhythm of my finger fucking, I curl my fingers upward to brush against her still-steaming G spot. Carol’s eyes fly open and she sits straight up and grunts as she cums. Again, her pussy floods with juices, and this time she leaves a wet spot on the bed from the intensity of her orgasm.Carol pushes me away and turns on her side with her legs pulled up into a fetal position. Her breath slowly comes back to normal.As I slide my hand over her nice, smooth ass, she pushes my hand away and orders me out of the room.“That’s enough,” she says, totally spent, but clearly happy about it.I love Christmas.On the Fourth Day of ChristmasWe repeat days one through three, and then…After Carol kicked me out of the room so she could recover, I listen to hear what she was doing, because today is her day to cum anyway she wants. Our bedroom is close to our family room, so I wait there and sit quietly until I hear a faint moan. I walk quietly to the bedroom door and peek around the door so I can see what she is doing. Her legs are spread wide and her fingers are slowly rubbing up and down her pussy. Her eyes are closed and one hand is massaging her large, firm breasts as she flicks her nipple with her thumb.Carol moans and sighs quietly as her fingers work her juicy pussy. Her hips slowly start to move to the time of her fingers, her eyes closed and her head moving slowly from side to side. Her legs are straight out now, and her muscles start to strain as her clit starts to tingle. Her eyes open, and she sees me watching from the door—and moaned a little louder. She loves to masturbate for me, and I love watching. I pull my cock out and start jerking off. Her show was too much for me.While looking directly at me, Carol lifts her breast to her mouth and sucks her nipple between her lips. She moans loudly as her tongue and lips work her rock-hard nipples, and her hand continues to massage her breast. This always gets her juices flowing, and it works this time too! Her hips start to hump her hand, and she increases the pace of her fingers. Carol’s toes curl forward as she works towards her orgasm. Her orgasm starts in her toes and works its way up as her legs start to jerk up and down. She jerks up into a half-sitting position as her orgasm hits, doing mini crunches as each wave of pleasure crashes over her. Her beautiful, big tits get squeezed together as she moves both hands down to finish her flowing pussy.It’s all too much for me—I feel my nuts tighten up, and I can feel the release coming. I shoot three ropes of cum all over the floor.Carol’s spasms start to slow down as her orgasm recedes. She finally flops back onto the bed and lays there, legs splayed open, body limp, and skin glowing. Carol looks at my softening cock and says, “I’m not cleaning your mess up.” Then she promptly falls asleep.From MH: Stay tuned throughout December for Parts 2, 3 and 4 of this series!