Why can’t I sleep? I keep looking over at my phone. It’s 2:34 A.M., and I can’t get my mind to calm down. I know what I want, but I could get in trouble. But at this point I don’t just want it, I need it. I need him to fix it, to fuck me to sleep.It’s always a toss up when I wake him. Sometimes he’s playful and passionate and other times he punishes me with pleasure-filled pain. Right now, either would satisfy me. I need to get out of my own head and submit to his will and think of nothing else.3:02 A.M. At this point I have no choice.I scoot over and slide my hand over his stomach. I can feel it rise and fall with his chest as he breathes. His skin is soft and smooth. I start to rub my hand down towards his waist and whisper in his ear.“My love, will you please play with me? I need you.”My husband is fiercely dominant at my request. I’m an executive in my job and need to be out of control sometimes.He takes a second to open his eyes, and come out of a deep sleep. Grabbing my hand on his waist, he places it on his cock.“Grab it. There’s no turning back now.”My face feels flush, I’m so excited to play, to fuck and be fucked. He pulls back the blanket and immediately scolds me.“You’re begging for my cock but aren’t ready to serve me? You still have clothes on.”“I’m so sorry, my love, please let me make it up to you. I need to please you.”I beg with a grin while I climb up on my knees, kneeling before him.“May I strip for you?” I ask, hoping it will be sexy to him. I’m wearing lace panties and a matching tank top.He sits up, grabs the front of the tank top and rips it in half. My breasts fall down in front of my body, my nipples hard as rocks. My love uses what’s left of the tank top to tie my hands behind my back. He turns my body and pushes my face into the bed, lifting my ass into the air.With my arms tied behind by back, I’m completely at his will. As I hear him get up on his knees I feel a sharp slap on my right ass cheek. It sends shivers across my body and I feel myself starting to get wet. Another slap on the left cheek makes me gasp out loud.“Did you like that, slut?”“Yes, sir. Please don’t stop. I need more,.”I gasp, hoping he is just getting started. Suddenly, he pulls my panties down to my knees and slaps my bare ass fast and furious. I can feel palm welts swelling, and my pussy throbbing. I’m dripping wet as he starts to tease my pussy lips with the tip of his cock. I already feel like I’m about to cum. He starts to slide it in deeper as I start to moan and he quickly pulls it out.Why did he stop? It felt so amazing. I was almost there! My love lays back down, and releases my hands from behind my back.“You woke me up, you’re not getting off that easy, you’re going to work for this fuck.”I feel a rush of excitement run over me as I see the challenge ahead of me. I have to prove it to him that it was worth waking up in the middle of the night. While turning to suck on my husband’s cock, I pull my panties all off to display my body.I situate myself so he has full sight of my ass and pussy. Starting to lick the tip of his shaft, I taste my own juices from when he teased me. Sliding my tongue around the tip, I then lay it flat so I can swirl it around. My love starts to moan as I suck his cock into my mouth, sliding my tongue around the side. I feel another slap on my ass as he holds on and moves his fingers to my pussy. She is still slippery and getting even wetter.I reach my hand over and glide it up and down on his cock, while sucking and licking the tip. He keeps circling his fingers around my pussy and he can tell I’m getting close.“Climb on. Face away from me, now.” I obey.Riding my love’s cock, I feel him sit up and reach has hands around my body to my nipples. I let out a delighted moan as he pinches them between his fingers. While he keeps pinching the right nipple he slides his left hand up to my neck and begins to squeeze. I start to pant and let out a whimpering noise. He knows what this does to me, I hope he’s close, I can’t wait any longer.His cock is my seat, and I ride him harder and faster. I can tell he’s about to cum, but will he allow me to join him? Begging, “please, please, please,” I start gasping, and with each breath, another plea for ecstasy. I feel him start to cum and command me.“Now. Mhh, good girl!”I feel wave after wave of orgasm rushing over me. It lasts for what feels like forever. He continues holding me as my body shakes and spasms in uncontrolled pleasure. As I begin to calm down, My love pushes me forward and slaps my ass again.“Sleep while you can, slut. I’ll deal with you again later.”I immediately fall sleep, excited about what the day will hold.