After serving in the Civil War, Jacob and his family were disillusioned by the carnage, the abuses during Reconstruction, and the effect it had on their family. He suffered from what we now call PTSD, and it changed his relationship with his wife. They rarely had sex over the next two years. The thin, 24-year-old Viola assumed her husband didn’t want to touch her anymore. They both finally accepted it as their new normal. It was a sad difference from the passionate love and fulfilling sex life they had enjoyed before the war.In 1866, a former compatriot introduced Jacob to the Shaker community. This small religious group believed that denying sexual passions was a means of holiness. Several veterans were part of the declining sect and encouraged the couple to find restoration there. And indeed, they found fresh joy in the community, where inner healing began for them both.Of course, sex was forbidden among the Shaker community as they believed in the complete separation of males and females. Formerly married couples no longer slept together. The buildings had two entrances, one for the female side and another for the males. As proselytes, the couple lived among the Gathering Family, and theirs were the only children in residence. There they practiced the faith before committing permanently to its tenants. Once they did, the order would separate them all permanently.They fit in quite well and were fine for several months during the busy season of planting, harvesting, storing crops, and building new housing.  Everyone worked long, hard hours, and went to bed early. There simply wasn’t much energy left for old “carnal” habits, even had they been permitted.Many months into their probationary covenant with the Shaker village, an early heatwave came to the Kentucky farmlands outside of Lexington. With the permission of the Family elders and after breakfast, morning chores, and bathing, Viola escorted her two daughters to the stream for a picnic and to enjoy the warmth of the midday. She was in a playful mood herself, and the girls begged her to join them in the stream. So shoes and stockings came off and she tied up her long dress, exposing her bare legs so she could play knee-deep in the stream.Viola had filled out nicely in those happy months of good food and hard work. Her husband had never seen her legs uncovered in this shape. She even admired them herself as she bathed that very morning. Occasionally she would pleasure herself (something she would have to repent of at weekly confession with an Eldress.) Here in the water, her lovely legs were exposed as she played in the stream. But a sudden twist on the submerged sand caused Viola to hurt her ankle.Unable to walk or even put her stockings and shoes back on, she sent her two girls to summon help. Jacob has just finished bathing when he heard his girls approaching the house and calling out. He quickly threw his shirt on, only half-buttoned, and rushed out to hear the details. The girls led him to the ladies’ path, down to their section of the stream, and he found Viola sitting on the bank. What a sight; this damsel in distress, tossing pebbles in the water, daydreaming, and waiting to be “rescued.” They both burst into laughter at her dilemma.Viola still had her dress up above her knees, her shapely legs uncovered and her feet in the water’s edge, cooling her twisted ankle. Realizing her exposure, she pulled her dress down and blushed. After all, Jacob hadn’t seen those beauties for nearly a year. But he smiled to see the pleasant shape of her legs.Jacob dampened his handkerchief in the cold stream and handed it to Viola to wrap the injury. Then with loving care and gentleness, he picked her up in his strong arms and began carrying Viola back to the village. No, they shouldn’t touch, but it couldn’t be helped; he would pull the lamb from the well rather than see it suffer for “rules.” The girls carried Viola’s stockings and shoes and walked ahead of them.Being held in her husband’s arms had been a faint memory until today. As she cuddled against his sculpted torso, she sensed a fire in her body. He smelled so manly, so good. That former desire for her husband which she’d suppressed for too long started to rekindle, but she tried to deny her feelings of desire for him.Jacob needed a break, so he sent the girls on ahead and set his wife down to rest his arms. As he gently lifted her pretty foot, he removed his handkerchief from her slightly swollen ankle and blew on the wet skin to cool her.Viola’s breath caught at his touch, and her resistance began to fade. Cautiously, she slightly opened her legs, hoping that he might glance up her dress.Jacob had also been feeling a restored passion, and freezing for a moment, his eyes took in every square inch of the lovely form of her lower legs. At first, guilt overwhelmed him. But realizing that Viola was still his wife and that the Scriptures teach that the marriage bed is undefiled, he gently kissed her pretty ankle.Viola shamelessly pulled her dress above her knees, inviting his further exploration. Abandoned desire now resurfaced as Jacob tasted the soft, creamy skin that he used to kiss so sensuously. He hesitated, but Viola put her hands in his long hair, opened her legs a bit more, and gently guided his kisses to her knees.As his kisses ventured upward toward her milky thighs, Jacob couldn’t resist her freshly bathed, familiar tastes and aromas. As her rapid breathing intensified, she lovingly watched her husband push her long dress and underskirts up to her waist and kiss his way to her hidden treasures. It made Viola glad that she’d been an early adopter of drawers when they began to replace bloomers before the war!Jacob’s warm lips kissed her flower through the cloth of her undergarment, and Viola whimpered with desire. Pulling the edge of her mid-thigh underpants up and aside, Jacob let his hot tongue penetrate her moist flower, taking in her fresh taste. Within three minutes, her body burst into a quivering orgasm, giving new meaning to the term “Shaker.”The lovely young wife gave in fully to her desire for her husband and begged him to give her what she craved. As Jacob picked her up to move to a discreet, grassy area under the shade tree, Viola kissed him passionately, tasting her own fragrance on his lips. Inhibitions melted as they lay in the tall grassy meadow. She desperately unfastened his trousers and released his hard, swollen shaft. Looking into his eyes for permission, she slowly kissed the head and used her tongue to tease him, then began sucking him lovingly. She had almost forgotten how smooth the head was and how good it felt in her mouth.He moaned with pleasure that he hadn’t felt for a long time. Soon, Jacob felt his climax coming and pulled out of Viola’s mouth, shooting his cum on the ground. After he was empty, his young beauty resumed her molestation of his penis, and as she continued sucking him, he stayed erect.Realizing they would have only a short time alone, Jacob moved his pretty wife to her back, spread her legs, and mounted her. He slowly slid into her as she moaned out loud at the welcome stretching of her vagina. Jacob gently thrust back and forth inside Viola’s pinkness as they nearly wept with loving submission to each other. Then as he pulled out to avoid cumming in her, they collapsed on the bed of tall grass, kissing and fondling each other. Viola stroked his shaft until he had a second release, dripping his cream into the verdant carpet again.Viola couldn’t seem to get enough of his kisses, wanting to have yet another round of pleasure. But they knew they should return soon to their separate sides of the house. They knew if discovered, they would be forced to leave, and there was so much here that they loved. So they determine to meet as often as possible in their secret spot in the grassy meadow. sometimes in the evenings when others were asleep, where their loving passion could be mutually expressed, careful to avoid insemination. Finally, out of respect for the community and its values, they decide to move back to the “world”. There they could fully restore their marital relationship and their life together.On the first night out, miles from the village, the girls were fast asleep. The sex-hungry couple slipped away to a private area near the nearby stream. Laying out a large quilt, they began to undress each other. Once completely naked, they entered the cool stream and sensually washed each other. For the first time in years, they were totally naked together.After drying off, they lay on the quilt and explored and kissed every part of each other’s bodies. The fulfillment of their desires was unrestrained. No body part was off limits as their full passions were indulged. Every square inch of skin, every taste, they savored. It was a night of oral pleasure, multiple intense orgasms, and wet, uninhibited raw sex under the stars!Two hours later, after various penetrations, they were totally exhausted. Jacob’s final thrusts into his beautiful wife were in the missionary position. She locked her legs around him this time and took his final climax deep inside her. He ended by filling her with his hot cream, much to Viola’s delight.Nine months later, their third child, Elijah, was born. Yes, it took them a while to find their healing, but the breakthrough was worth it. They continued to send support to their friends at the community for several years. They were always grateful for the Shaker Village, where they had rekindled their married love.