Before you think a retired scientist like myself can not do math, let me point out that the last symbol on that equation is not a zero. It is an “O” as in “Big O!” And I’m not referring to the tire store.It had been a while. My wife had surgery then got an infection… followed by the dreaded yeast infection. So intercourse had been out for a while. Although we tried once last week, it was too early. Finally today she felt ready. And I might add, she also felt horny. It had been a while since her last Big O.Hearing of her pussy’s readiness to soon receive my spelunking cock instantly sent “Fred” into a 10 on the hardness scale!Melody and I met nude on the bed with snowy light (from an early spring blizzard) filtering through openings in our bedroom curtains. I don’t think we’ve ever made love in that particular light. She looked so amazing! I can always tell when she is getting aroused. Her face “youthens” in a remarkable manner. My wife has what could be called porcelain skin that quite honestly takes my breath away. Her D-cup breasts were calling my name!“You are sooo beautiful!” I exclaimed.We started with tongue-tangling kisses but her tits were tantalizing me. Melody cupped the side of her right boob and I could hold off no longer. So I absolutely devoured her tit! Here “tit” means “nipple.” I tongue-flicked the tittie as well. Kneeling up, I leaned over to orally love on her left tittie, too. I was pumping my rod at the same time.I added some AloeCadabra Orange Cream lube then rubbed my unusually very hard cock on her tit as I pumped my shaft. We call this “tip on nip!” Then I rested my balls on her boobie and pumped my cock inches from her pretty face. Then I rubbed my tip on her tit again. My pre-cum was flowing well. So next I licked off the orange cream-flavored pre-cum from both beautiful boobs. Of course, I sucked on each tit and manually finger-flicked and pinched the other one.Both of her nipples were rivaling the hardness of my dick. This is what I wanted. I paused to take a few pics with my hidden photos app. Her face showed a raging turn-on. And her breasts seem to swell with arousal. I took one close-up of just her perfect right breast. Her nipple looked like a ripe raspberry on a pink oval on a white porcelain plate. Melody has oval areola and I find that rather unique shape endearing and sexy. Of course, her areola shrinks in size when I work on her titties!“That is a beautiful boobie!” I said as I palmed and massaged her gorgeous global right breast with one hand, kneeling next to her.It was already feeling like an epic foreplay and we could have started fucking right then. But I got the feeling to again dive in on her swollen aroused right tit. So, of course, I did. This gives me such a sense of wonder that we get to do this, so I paused to tell my flushing bride how I find her wondrous. I should have noticed that flushing because she immediately arched her back off the bed and announced in her husky sex voice, “I’m cumming!!”I forgot to mention that as we progressed through our lovemaking climb to climax Melody started on her pussy and clitoris with a wand, a rabbit vibrator, to her looped handle iVibe. That last one was the vibe tingling her twat and caressing her clitoris when she came.I really had not noticed how close she was to her peak. After she sort of came down from her peak she then wanted me inside her.“Go inside me!” she demanded in her nearly irresistible husky sex voice.But I delayed that mutual pleasure and returned to tonguing her tasty tittie. In just 15 seconds she came again!“Are you coming again?” I asked, a bit surprised.“YES! she gasped out as her second orgasm, even stronger than the first, took her into ecstasy.I was a little surprised because over the past year, she only occasionally has had two orgasms in one lovemaking session.Now “Fred” wanted to fuck and Melody’s pussy wanted to be pounded. (GENTLY pounded.) Normally she craves powerful penis pounding but she HAD just recovered from a lot of health issues that happened to her ladyparts so gentle pounding it would be.So I slid into our favorite sex position (X) which puts me on my side and her on her back. My cock lined up with her cunt but I paused and said. “Tell me you want me to fuck your pussy with my super-hard cock!”She hesitated. The fact is she was still a bit nervous. But she DID want “Fred” to go spelunking in her pussy, “I maybe want your cock to fuck my pussy,” she finally said.Now, my Melody only uses the F-word when she is wired and deeply into our lovemaking – so this was a good sign. So I gently slid my still solid cock into her still pulsating pussy. She was still pulsating from the double orgasms.Dear MH friends, I just can’t put into words how beautiful and intensely fulfilling it was to feel my wife’s aroused and loving pussy envelop my turgid member! The fact is, I don’t fuck my sexy and beautiful wife – we fuck each other. You could still call it lovemaking because it’s our deepest way to say. “I love you!”I began to pump my rod into her pussy slowly, but realizing quicker might be better for her girl parts, I increased the pace. It really was a gentle pussy pounding compared to our normal sexual intercourse. So basically I had a fairly fast orgasm in her STILL pulsating pussy. Plus she was giving me pussy-on-cock hugs with her well-developed Kegal muscles! I was fast in coming by design but considering all we had done and all we WERE doing as we fucked each other who knows how long I would have lasted anyway. My orgasm was powerful and intense as I unloaded several streams of warm cum into her sweet pussy.  Orgasms are especially amazing when done with the love of your life and you gave her orgasms too.I slid my cock out and I slid my body up to lie on her left. I scooped a big glob of cum from her profusely leaking pussy and rubbed the cum on her left tit. Then I began to enjoy my protein shake. It had a slight flavor of orange cream from the flavored lube that was on her nipples and that had been on my dick before I entered her pussy.“Why are you doing that Tommy?” Melody asked me. “I already came twice!” Then she added, “Move over here to your side of the bed so I can suck YOUR nipples. (She loves licking and sucking my man-nips as much as I love doing that to her womanly ones!) “Really,” she repeated, “why are you doing that when I’ve already cum twice?”“Because I want you to get more pleasure,” I replied then I continued to suck and lick her tit as I cleaned off our mutual cum. She realized that she was actually still in the mood and she again applied her iVibe to her pussy and clit. I vigorously sucked and licked her left tit.This put her over the edge for orgasm number three! Her shaking was of a higher magnitude! And her back arched further off the bed! Plus her breasts were even more swollen. So to me, she looked like my horny virginal young bride from 30 years ago! This is the first time in a year that she’s had 3 orgasms in one sex session.(Later she told me that each orgasm got better and better during this sex session. Of course, that was rather obvious to me.)She loved the feel of my cock conquering her cunt. She also got uber turned on when she felt “her present” from my erection fill up her pussy. So her third Big O came on in less than a minute after she had asked me that question of why. She had a pleasantly surprised look as her body writhed in pure sexual pleasure and sexual love.  She then said, after she came down from cloud 9, “It’s MY turn!” Meaning it was HER turn to suck nipples AKA MY man-nipples.) So I moved back over to my side of the bed. Her lips began to vigorously work on my left man-nip as I sexily manhandled my manhood. Again I was surprisingly hard. Not that I’m soft during sex but I think my member thought it was 30 again.My second and last orgasm of this lovemaking session was surprisingly intense as well. Melody started to engulf my left nipple with renewed enthusiasm and actually was a little rough. But I was still so turned on that it worked! I pumped my cum-coated and coconut oil-coated erection to another explosion of more-than-expected warm man-cream.“You are so sexy and so beautiful,” I told her as we laid together and I gently stroked her beautiful and satisfied naked breasts. “I love all of you,” I added. “I love your brilliant mind, your soul, your kind nature… but right now I’m loving your incredibly sexy body! And good for you! Three orgasms in one sex session! I really do adore you!”“The feeling is mutual,” she replied as she looked into my eyes with her large strikingly beautiful Nordic eyes. I never get tired of those beautiful eyes, lips, breasts, porcelain skin, warm wet pussy, etc. I’m sure you get the idea.You gotta be grateful to God for a wife like her! We strive to always be kind to each other – including during sexual play and full sex. Plus our sincere and deep friendship makes the sex we share even deeper and more intense!Do you now see the meaning of the equation title?3+2=5O. Since this lovemaking session involved multiple Os then: 3 orgasms for Melody + 2 orgasms for me = 5O or five orgasms all together! Although the fact is that in a normal illness-free month, between Melody and I we probably DO have fifty Big Os!