Today I’m happy to report we were able to resume what I call Daytime Playtime. In an earlier post, I’d reported my preference for daytime sexual activities and the reason. As time passed, after we’d finished (as I thought) our “training sessions” on how to improve our sexual activities, we transitioned back to having our sexual expressions of love at bedtime.While expressing these feelings is great any time, we’re tired from activities when we get in bed. Once things get started, there’s no lack of passion, but energy—or rather stamina—may be lacking. I enjoy engaging in longer, more  extended love-making sessions. They allow greater satisfaction than shorter, “quickies” that occur when I’m physically tired.After a rousing session of passion one night, I  mentioned how much I missed our training sessions. The time devoted to learning new ways and trying new things in our love making was great. We achieved great success in raising the level of passion in our time together. Maybe it was more of a re-ignition of passion, as I felt it had never been extinguished. Mary had certainly learned to become “poly-orgasmic.” (Is that even a word?) I mean she’d learned to experience multiple orgasms that build in duration and strength, with occasional ejaculation (squirting or gushing). And she learned that she could continue to experience pleasurable activity much longer than she had anytime in the past.She admitted she missed those times as well. We agreed we should resume our playtime during the day. This is when we are less tired, more alert and awake than we usually are at bedtime. We discussed the possibility of a set day or time we should set aside for this activity. Since the weather now in our area is often rainy, I thought we should play it by ear. The next day, after lunch, Mary announced she was going to the grocery store.As it was raining at the time, I said, “How about us starting our daytime playtime instead?”She smiled widely, said “sure”, and then headed upstairs. We both quickly disrobed and got on the bed. I started offering deep kisses, soft body massage, and caresses . After she started to quiver and laugh, I suggested she apply some lube to her special places. She massaged the lube into her love tunnel. I told her it excites me to see her respond to rubbing her sensitive parts.Mary began rubbing herself faster and moaning. Her chest and face flushed, and she took short, fast breaths, almost panting.I encouraged her, saying,”I want you to come for me… NOW… Come HARD!… keep rubbing… don’t stop! I know you can keep going”… and she did. Grunting and moaning, she bucked her body in orgasmic release.As she slowed, I told her, “That was certainly beautiful to see. It’s got me so excited, watching you come so hard.”  I asked her, “Are you warmed up now?”She replied, “I am.”I grabbed a toy I’d set beside the bed that vibrates along its entire length. It also has a small dime-sized wheel with soft rubber nubs that spin in a circle. When the shaft is inserted vaginally, the nubbed wheel contacts the clit and provides teasing sensations to that area. I teased her with the vibrator, holding it against the entrance but not entering her. The vibrations stimulated her clit a bit indirectly until I held it more forcefully against her opening. She started to squirm more and moan.“That feels good.”I cycled through the vibrator’s speeds and patterns; she seemed to prefer higher frequency vibrations and pulses rather than just constant vibration. In a few minutes, she was moaning, jerking, and having another orgasm.I slipped the vibrator inside her and slowly move the bulbous head in and out of her vagina. Aiming slightly upward, I attempt to get her G-spot engaged. I began thrusting in and out, rubbing against that area with the pulsing, vibrating, bulbous head of the vibrator.Soon, I was rewarded with seeing her have another stronger orgasm. This time she lifted her hips completely off the bed as her body spasmed in release.I continue to slowly move the vibrator in and out, but she pulled away, saying, “It’s too strong.” Her hips dropped back onto the bed, and she relaxed a bit.I asked, “How about giving me some attention?”She slowly got on her knees and started providing some oral attention to my stiffened, dripping member. I reached beside the bed and got another toy, the Sona Cruise, which she enjoys. While she was on her knees, I turned on the Sona and reached between her legs, holding it against her clit area. She instantly stopped giving me attention and lifted her head with another moan.“That feels sooo good.”I reminded her that she was supposed to be giving my favorite body part some attention. She lowered her head, taking me in her mouth again, but couldn’t stay focused on her task. She stopped to moan and shudder in release, cumming again. I realized that it was time for PIV action, as my bald-headed friend wanted in on the action. She felt so smooth and wet as I entered her.She began riding me. “You feel so good,” she said.“So do you, ” I replied.I told her to stop and lean back so I could access her entrance. Then I slipped the Sona into place and let it work it’s magic against her clit.In less than 30 seconds, she started cumming again, rocking her hips and driving me deep inside. I couldn’t hold back and exploded inside her, filling her with my release.She continued to slide her hips in a rocking motion, riding her orgasm and trying to extend it to another. She eventually tired, though, and climbed off me.Collapsing beside me, she said, ” That was fun.”I replied, “I’d guess it beats going grocery shopping.”