Never Too Old to LearnAt least for some of us…I’ve written in previous stories how I’ve read and come to believe that for women, having an orgasm is—or can be—a learned response. This comes as a result of my reading on the subject, and from incorporating various methods to improve my Mary’s sexual response. More specifically, efforts made to improve the frequency and strength of pleasurable sensations and orgasms experienced in our love making.The response has been noticed in the strength and frequency of Mary’s orgasms, which have continued to expand, and she now has what I can only describe as gushing orgasms. Mary has had a small amount of dripping, squirting or spraying release with her orgasms infrequently in the past, but this has recently increased in both the frequency of occurrence and amount of fluid released. The last 3-4 times we’ve engaged in our physical playtime, Mary’s response has been increasingly stronger. Perhaps this is due to her higher level of arousal, which may be a result of her applying lube to her external and internal pleasure zones.While I used to apply lube for her, I encouraged her to take this task upon herself. My rationale was (and is) that only she can determine what feels best for her; where to touch, how much pressure to apply when touching her most sensitive areas, as well as how slow or fast to rub those spots. I admitted to her how incredibly sexy she looks as she responds to her touch, and that it greatly excites me to watch her building excitement. She has several orgasms, which build in strength, while applying lube. This also results in her responsive tissues becoming swollen with the increased blood flow to the area, as well as becoming more sensitive.I’d also mentioned that when Mary has a squirting or gushing release during an orgasm, it becomes necessary to add additional lube for continued play. Because the lube we’d been using is water-based, it washes off easily with water (or fluid, it seems). Years ago, I purchased a variety of lubes to try, both water- and silicone-based. We even tried some heating and cooling lubes, and some described as hybrid lubes. We tried them all. We used each a few times, and then for variety, we would switch to another. This resulted in our having a wide variety of different lubes in our cabinet.I found a silicone-based lube and decided to try using it, since no toys were being used, just our fingers. I discovered that the silicone lube requires a smaller amount to be applied for a slippery result, and it doesn’t absorb into the skin like water based lubes seem to do. It also doesn’t need re-application after Mary has had a gushing flow of fluid discharge. It remains slippery!I’ve concluded that it is possible to learn to squirt with an orgasm (at least for some, like my Mary), and that this response can build to a greater intensity with practice. I questioned her on her feelings when she squirted, and she admitted it felt more intense when she released fluid during an orgasm. I also came to the realization that there are certain circumstances in which a silicone-based lube is clearly superior to a water-based lube.Finally, I would never have imagined it’s possible to learn and experience so much greater enjoyment in the sex act later in life. We’re having the most enjoyable, passionate sexual activity while in our 70’s! Who would have thought that it could be possible?I praise and thank God for the miracles He has built into our bodies.