My eyes open as I snuggle in my husband’s arms. I am warm and toasty on the couch in front of our fireplace. His breathing and heartbeat are strong and comforting with my head on his chest. The smell of the fire and our sex fills my every breath. His big cock lays softly against his stomach.My body tingles as I slowly take his cock in my hand, and he moans with each stroke.  His cock swells, stretching my fingertips apart as he gets fully hard. My breath catches as he grabs my hair to turn my head and kiss me passionately.  As we kiss, I straddle him and press my hot, wet pussy against his cock, sliding it along his length.As I press my hips down on his swollen cock head and grind into him, we both moan in desire. His big hands slap my ass hard, and he squeezes my cheeks, grasping me and grinding harder against my sex.  His breath quickens as I meet his urgency, but he holds me firm as his swollen head pops in and out of my tight pussy.He takes my breast and nipple firmly between his teeth and bites down until I scream out in pleasure. My body shakes, my pussy spasms, and my juices gush from deep inside me.  He grabs my waist and lifts me a little, then pulls my hips down and drives his cock up hard into me.  I can’t help but cry out again and squirt more as his cock fills every inch of me.I’m panting, moaning, and gasping for air. Still gripping my waist, my husband lifts me and yanks me down hard to meet his powerful thrusts as I bounce like a doll.  His every thrust forces my breath from me, and the pleasure is so intense.  I pinch and twist my nipples, my mind in a sensual fog.  My eyes flutter as my body trembles. A powerful orgasm washes through me again, and my juices flow out around his cock.  I go limp and moan.My husband wraps his arms around me and stands with his cock still fully hard inside me.  Kneeling down, he gently lowers me to my back in front of the fireplace.  My legs are pushed back and down against my chest as he leans over me and forces his cock to new depths in my pussy. I shake and squeal in a beautiful mix of pleasure and pain.His eyes lock on mine in pure desire as he holds himself up on his hands. Pulling his cock out and driving it back into me with a force that I can hardly fathom, he’s giving me more pleasure than I’ve ever experienced.  Soon I’m cumming again, and my whole body quivers.  Giving me a few more quick, hard thrusts, he buries his steel sex into me, and his cock explodes.  We both groan as jet after jet of white heat pulse deep into me, mixing and flowing out of my pussy.As he rises up on his knees, releasing my legs, his cock slowly slides out of me, and I shudder.  Pure pleasure makes me gasp and laugh, and I look up to see him stroking his glistening cock.  He offers me his hand to help me sit up in front of him and turn to lean my back against his chest. I am engulfed in warm, strong arms of passion and love. My eyes close.To Be Continued