My husband, Jim, and I have formed a very close friendship with two couples from church who share our philosophy on how to maintain and improve a loving relationship by being sexy and liberated. I would say the six of us are some of the most outgoing and vivacious folks in our fold, and for that reason, we migrated together. With time and familiarity, we grew comfortable discussing even our relationships, sex lives, and other such sultry things. I’ll call the other couples Bob and Carol, Ted and Alice. It wouldn’t be tough to identify us as we do hang together often.This all started two years ago when I first had a long, intimate conversation with Carol and Alice at a church-sponsored golf tournament. I guess we are called the “loose women” by several of the more uptight church members who participate in these things due to the fact that we dress more provocatively than most. By this, I mean we don’t always wear loose-fitting clothes, but rather outfits that make us feel a bit more uninhibited, sexy, and desirable to our husbands. Not one of us feels apologetic for this; we by no means dress distastefully.So, after sipping a little of our “homemade lemonade,” we began our sex gossiping. Topics ranged from how often we are doing it, to sexy games we play together, to toys. It was so nice talking with other women who were so comfortable in their own skin and so liberated. We knew we were besties for life.Carol asked if we should all get together some weekend for a pool party at their place as they had just installed one with a hot tub.“I’m in,” Alice and I said simultaneously, and after checking with Jim, we set the date for the following Friday night.A very warm vibe was in the air when we got there. Ted and Alice had already arrived, and they, Bob, and Carol were sipping on wine and clearly enjoying themselves. I was a little apprehensive about the bikini I chose over two other sexy one-piece suits—I didn’t want to seem like a show-off by revealing too much skin. But those anxieties disappeared as soon as I saw Carol and Alice bouncing around in the pool in similar if not more revealing outfits!Ummmm, nice,I thought!After another round of drinks, conversation turned to very private topics. “Who here has ever had sex while a stranger may have been watching, either accidentally or deliberately?” Bob asked.“Wow, getting down and dirty,” I said as I raised my hand with a big grin on my face. Within 15 seconds, all five others raised their hands.“What a cool group—and honest, too,” Ted said.“Here, here!”‘ said Alice equally enthused.“I have a question,” Jim said. “How many here consider themselves voyeurs?”“Depends on what you mean,” Bob said. “If you mean have Carol and I ever watched other couples doing sexy things or us doing sexy things when we knew others were watching, I would have to say, ‘Hell yes!'” Again, five more hands were raised.“How many of you have ever cheated on your spouse,” I asked. No hands went up. “Awesome!” I shouted. “You guys are SO cool!”I could tell Jim was as excited as I was; open and honest friends are hard to come by.As the night went on, we all continued romping around the pool. Eventually, we made our way to the inviting hot tub. The warm, seductive currents stirred our sexual feelings even more.“Ah, so relaxing,” I said as Jim placed his arms around me and lowered me under the bubbles a little. As he embraced me from behind, I could feel his raging hardon against the crack of my G-string bottom. I knew that his long, thick cock would need some special attention on the ride home, and I am always more than ready to oblige.“Okay, then friends,” Jim started us back up again, “raise your hands if you’ve ever caught, or been caught by, your spouse while masturbating.”Bob’s and Alice’s hands waved enthusiastically, and everyone laughed.“Now, come clean, you two. Tell us what happened after each was caught,” Jim said. “You first, Bob.”“Well, as I recall, Carol was in the shower after a long day with family during this past Fourth of July. She had mentioned to me that she was tired while undressing, so I figured if I wanted to release a load, I’d better do it now. I was actually thinking about how hot Carol looked in her halter top, her tits swaying every time she took a step—so hot,” he said.“Just as my mind turned to the fact she wasn’t wearing panties all day and I was about to shoot my load, I heard, ‘Hey, stop! Wait for me!’ Carol dropped her towel, joined me in bed, and the next thing I knew, she was fingering her glistening pussy with one hand and tweaking her hard nipples with the other. What a sight! She lay alongside me so that we could clearly watch each other.”Bob turned to Carol. “I couldn’t believe it; I’d been doing myself in private since we first met. It’s so hot having you watch me, and watching you is unbelievably sexy,” he told her.Next to tell all was Ted. “I just remember being very embarrassed when Alice walked in on me. I was jerking off while looking at some nude pics of her we had taken on vacation last year. She was leaning over our balcony railing, totally naked with her legs spread wide, offering me a very open view of her hot, wet pussy. We had just finished having sex, and a trail of our juices was just beginning to run down her right thigh.“The next thing I hear is, ‘Oh, wow.’ It was Alice coming up from behind me, eyes wide, watching me pumping my cock fast and fierce.“I jumped out of bed and ran into the bathroom, shouting ‘I thought you were going to a movie!’ I locked the door and considered holing up forever.“When I did leave the bathroom, she greeted me with a warm smile. ‘It’s perfectly normal to pleasure yourself, Ted; I do it all the time. It’s just a convenient option sometimes. You know, some couples even do it together,’ she added.“‘No way,’ I said, ‘it’s too personal for me.’ And that was that.” We all maintained a respectful silence, but it wasn’t awkward and didn’t last long.“So, what about you two?” Carol finally asked Jim and me. “Do you guys never masturbate, or were you just never caught?”I decided to take this one: “Oh, we masturbate frequently and mostly together,” I said. “It turned out to be a natural extension of our lovemaking just after we were married. The first time, we had just had a very hot sex session and were resting, getting ready for another round. Instead of stroking Jim to get him hard again, I asked him to do it himself as I played with my pussy.”I added, “Jim was so hot watching me that I told him to keep it up and tell me when he was ready to shoot his load. When he arched his back and began to move his hips, I grabbed my favorite long, thick cock and shot a fountain of his warm cum all over my tongue, lips, and face. He confided to me that it was the biggest load he has ever had. So, it’s just one great part of our sex life together,” I declared.By this time, I could feel Jim’s cock pressing hard against my ass. I couldn’t wait any longer, and I didn’t want him to leave a mess in the tub, so I said, “We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow. We better get going.”As Jim stepped out of the tub, Carol said, “Yeah, looks like you two are going to have a bignighttonight, too!” Everyone laughed, and I could swear I saw Jim blush.As we entered our SUV, I was so damn horny that I couldn’t wait to get my hands, lips, and throat on Jim’s meat. Even after toweling off, my pussy was as creamy as I’ve ever felt it. Once Jim was settled in behind the wheel, I pulled down his skimpy suit and just stared at his glorious penis.“Think you can whip up another batch of cum after I suck you dry?” I asked while circling his fat knob with my tongue.“Oh, hell yes,” he said as I went to work on him, fully deep-throating him while cupping his balls. They were heavy with his pent-up semen, just dying to release and paint my face. In only a minute, he grabbed the back of my head and thrust his shaft deep into my throat as his load fired with abandon.After swallowing three powerful ropes of juice, I withdrew my lips and stroked two more big spasms of his sauce all over my face, neck, and the top of my breasts.“Oh, my God, that was incredible,” he said as he watched me wipe up his cream and taste it while rubbing the rest onto my swollen breasts.“I can’t wait to get home,” I told him. As he drove, I rubbed the rest of his cum onto my swollen breasts and super-aroused nipples, bringing myself to an awesome orgasm.And so it went on that entertaining, arousing evening. We had some sexy, fun conversation with friends and ended up where we most wanted to be: in each other’s arms as husband and wife.