What an amazing experience! How does my sexy wife of 30 years still surprise me with new dishes on our buffet of love?My wife had a biopsy yesterday, so we discussed our sex options, and intercourse was out. We had not made love in several days when we usually have sex every three days, so I was wired! My wife said she’d give me oral sex for the state holiday. Then she remembered a new sore in her mouth, a side effect of chemotherapy. So, with the discomfort in her vagina, I assumed that my Melodie would not be interested in doing anything other than helping me masturbate to orgasm. I was WAY wrong!We undressed, and she massaged my arms. Then I lay on my tummy as she rubbed my back with her feet. Quite honestly, this is still lovemaking, even if it isn’t sex. I wondered if she intended the impromptu massage to replace sex for today; I assumed so.I knew I’d assumed wrong when I heard her say while I was showering, “Tommy, take a look at this!”That was a good sign! I looked around the shower curtain and saw Melodie stroking her breasts with both hands. She wore her favorite sexy lingerie: a purple cupless and crotchless teddy.“I’ll be right out!” I said and hurried to finish my shower.When I pulled the shower curtain aside to come out, I got a surprise; Melodie had changed. She now had on a purple teddy that barely covered her gorgeous Nordic breasts.Before I had even dried off, I gently pushed each teddy strap off her shoulder, uncovering her succulent breasts. I sucked on each nipple as my sexy wife offered them to me. I also stroked her slit and, not surprisingly, found it very wet.Melodie reminded me to brush my teeth, and when I stepped out of the bathroom, she was changing again. She was slipping on a beautiful bright-salmon-colored cupless, crotchless teddy. She turned around and offered her nips to me again. I pulled her over to our bed and sat with her standing in front of me. Then I loved on each nipple as I rubbed her excited clitoris.When we both climbed onto the bed, I loved on her titties more until both nipples looked like perfect ripe raspberries. I asked her to stroke her pussy and clitoris as I stimulated her nipples with my hands and fingers. She began stroking her pussy as I loved on her raspberries. She was so beautiful that I grabbed my cell phone, opened the private photos and videos app, and took some pictures.And then, as she cupped the sides of her right boob and pushed it toward me, she said, “Get up here and enjoy the only place your erection can touch.”She wanted to do tip on nip. So I lubed up both nips with coconut oil anda new Aloe Cadabra flavor called Cherry Lemonade.*Then I kneeled up next to her and switched to video. She was still wearing that salmon-colored cupless and crotchless lingerie, and she looked beautiful and sexy! I got a close-up of her fingering her clit, and she even stopped briefly to push open her inner labia. What a lovely sight!Then I began rubbing my glans on her hard right nipple as I pumped my rod. I was holding my phone and filming with my right hand, so I pumped my erection and rubbed my tip on her raspberry with my left. I almost never masturbate with my left hand. But like I said before, with her lingerie show and getting to watch and touch her, I was incredibly wired! Truth be told, so was she.I paused to hand Melodie our Sensuelle Plus bullet vibe, and it took the place where her fingers had been. We enjoyed this for two or three minutes, and to my surprise, I felt my cumming orgasm. (Pun intended.)I was still filming as my erection shot a considerable amount of semen all over Melodie’s right nipple and both breasts! It was a massive orgasm.Then Melodie surprised me with something new: my wife sexily rubbed my cum all over both breasts. She had never done this before. It was quite a turn-on to watch, and I got it all on film!I saw a glob of semen on the close side of her right breast and scooped it onto my finger to rub it into her nearest raspberry. I then leaned in to lick her breasts. Instead of a dick-and-pussy-mixed protein shake, we mixed it with boobs, hands, and dick this time. It all tasted so delicious, and it was incredibly sexy to lick off the cherry lemonade-flavored cum spread on and into both of her big beautiful breasts.Melodie must have concurred because she didn’t last a minute before she had a huge orgasm with enough shaking to be detected on the seismograph at the nearby university!We cuddled and laughed a little. We rejoiced together that, despite our health trials, we still find ways to keep loving on each other! My last surgery went so well that, for the first time in years, I could make love to my wife (in this unique way) without supplemental oxygen. Thanks be to God for this beautiful, kind, sexy wife who still springs sexy new surprises on me—like getting comfortable enough to enjoy rubbing my cum into her curvy breasts AND putting on a sexy (touching allowed) private lingerie fashion show for me!*Affiliate Link. Full Disclosure here.