This post contains strong language (L).“Hey, Queen, today’s a Magic Monday, and the weather is warmish. Any ideas for what we can do?” Magic Monday is when I’m not working at one of my consulting engagements, and Queen and I can generate a little passion heat.“I’m open, but I definitely don’t want to waste the day on stuff and junk when we could get a “fire” going! Even if we don’t fuck, we ought to have a hot journey, regardless of the destination. Like your cock in my pussy!” Queen is a Vixen, for sure!“How about a kayak on Eden Pond?” Eden Pond was a small pond with a few small islands not far from our house down. The paved, gravel, and dirt roads that led to it traversed the surrounding land that belonged to a nature organization, and in a rural town of 700, it was—more often than not—deserted.When we’re there alone, it is our own little Eden.“Great idea! I’ll load the kayaks and gear, and would you please get some towels and water and stuff? Also, wear something skimpy and easy to remove, if you don’t mind. If we’re alone again, I want your hot body, clothed or unclothed, in my view!”The load was quick, the ride 25 minutes, and the kayaks soon ready to float. There wasn’t a soul around, and Queen looked like sex in her red bikini. My shirt and shorts were thin material, and my unfettered cock and balls felt good flopping around.To quote Kramer in Seinfeld, “I was out there, and I was loving every minute of it!”As usual, I got her set up and pushed her kayak to clear the gravel “boat ramp,” then got my gear ready. Looking around, no one in sight, I doffed my shirt and shorts, free-balling in the wind for all the world to see. Good thing that all the world wasn’t there.It was just Queen, which was perfect! It felt incredible to be standing in the open, and naked as a jaybird! This was not naturist or nudist nonsense. This was what I call a “nakedist” enjoyment of making a strong, sexual statement for me and to her!After a while, Queen took off her top and gave me and others (no one so far!) a view of her gorgeous breasts. When she leaned back to sun them, they eased to her sides and never looked more beautiful! The breeze kept her nipples hard and suckable!Inevitably, Queen needed land to “wet a leaf” (an incredibly hot thought in and of itself, but that’s another story) and came back to remove her bottoms while standing on a boulder! Now her amazing ass and gorgeous pussy were distracting me!So we’re back in, paddling about, meeting up to play with each other’s “kayak gear,” and this combo of naked kayaking, exhibitionism, caressing her breasts and pussy, she my cock and balls, all combined to an incredible, sexual, background hum!After an hour or so, it was time to leave. With still no one about, we beached at the ramp and loaded up the kayaks and gear buck-ass naked! WE WERE BUCK-ASS NAKED IN PUBLIC! The background hum was now a symphonic crescendo!(Admittedly, “in public” was in the sticks, but let’s not ruin a good story with facts.)We reluctantly dressed to drive home, both thinking how we could stay naked during the ride. But my SUV has vanity plates, and it wouldn’t do to be pulled over in our small town area, so we’d have to find another way to prolong the fun. So, once home and unloaded, we got some drinks and went out to our mostly secluded deck for a favorite summer activity, Naked Deck Time (“NDT”)! Sitting in the warm sun, naked and teasing each other, kept the passion music alive all afternoon!Yes, we had a delightful fuck later that evening and hours of foreplay with Naked Kayaks (“NKY”) and NDT enhanced the day’s heat and passion ramp. Adding more naked time to our around-the-house nudity as empty nesters is fucking hot!(And yes, I do love me some TLA’s!)