I read a story, “Mid-Life Crisis,” that was so beautiful and inspiring, and I received a message to share my story with everyone as well.Tami and Matt had been separated but living in the same home for nearly a year.  They were doing their best to keep their personal life private as they tried to work through their marital issues.  Tami had trust and control issues in every relationship she’d had, and Matt had been caught looking at porn a few times by Tami.  Tami couldn’t get past Matt’s porn issues, and she held it over his head.  She wanted him to want her, but when he made advances, she shut him down or pretended to sleep.They had been making headway just before Christmas until she got nervous and tore into Matt, by far the worst to date.  Matt just took it all and wouldn’t fight back, which made her more angry.  When she went to bed that night she had a Christmas dream—or was it a dream?  She was given looks into the past, present, and future, showing her she held as much blame for everything wrong in their marriage as her husband did.  (This was something she would have never admitted to; she felt she had all the answers and was not at fault.)The visions at night scared Tami, and she awoke shaken but alive and feeling love for herself and for Matt.  So she showered and made herself up.  She was prepared to make their marriage work.  She put on a tight little red dress that showed her tits off and barely covered her ass, then went to his room and slowly opened the door.Peeking inside, she saw Matt in bed and masturbating.  She gasped, and her blood boiled as he quickly covered up.  She was about to explode when she felt a sudden calm come over her.  Then she noticed a pair of her silk panties beside him, and the laptop screen had naked and naughty photos of her from a few years ago.She stood paralyzed, unable to move or speak as Matt got out of bed and walked towards her with his big hard cock bouncing.  He grabbed her wrist and pulled her into the room.“Matt, what are you doing?” she asked as his other hand came to her shoulder and gently urged her to kneel down.She looked up from her knees, and Matt bent down and kissed her with a passion neither of them had felt in some time.  As he pushed her dress down and pinched and twisted her long hard nipples, she sucked on his probing tongue.  She shuddered as he twisted them harder and pulled them like never before.  Never allowing him to treat her this way before, but now she wanted him and wanted it all.  She felt a sense of calm as she surrendered to him.Releasing her nipples, Mark grabbed his cock with one hand and the back of Tami’s head with the other.  He pulled her forward until his cock met her lips and pressed firmly.Tami looked up and slowly opened her mouth, allowing his cock to enter.  How she now yearned to be taken, to submit to him.  Her pussy juices flowed, and she squirmed as his cock stretched her lips and thrust to the back of her throat.  When she gagged a bit, Matt paused to allow her to adjust before slowly sliding in and out of her mouth, pulling her head back and forth on his cock.  She sucked it and loved it!  For the first time ever, she couldn’t get enough.His breathing quickened, and he pulled out of her mouth and pulled her up to stand.  Then he spun her around and bent her over the dresser and yanked her dress up as he stood behind her.  Her smooth wet pussy was swollen and leaking her nectar.  Matt began running his cock up and down her wet hot pussy.  Tami moaned.“Do you want it?”Tami moaned more.“Say it, tell me what you want.”“Yes, oh yes. Fuck me, fuck me.”Her submission verbalized, Matt thrust into her pussy fully, impaling her completely with his cock in one thrust.  Her body shook and she cried out.“Yes, Yes.”He pulled back and drove into her fully over and over.  Taking her, fucking her, using her, pleasuring her like never in her life.  After several minutes of hard fucking, her pussy spasmed and her body went limp.  Her hot nectar gushed and flowed from around his thrusting cock.  He continued fucking her through her orgasm, her mind in a fog as he pounded her sensitive pussy over and over.Matt squeezed her hips hard and buried himself to her core. His cock exploded, and blast after blast of his cum filled her, overflowing her. Her body shook, and her nectar ran and mixed with his.  Her eyes fluttered, and she saw black spots getting bigger.The next thing she remembered was lying in bed, snuggled on Matt’s chest.~~~~Thank you God, for always working in my life. For showing me the path to honesty, truth, trust, and your love. And for showing me how to forgive myself and others. How to love unconditionally, submit to you and my husband, and hand control to you, my Lord.