This post contains strong language (L).Recently, I’ve been tracking my cycles via an app since my husband and I are currently trying to get pregnant. It gives an estimate of the best chances and days to conceive. This turns me on for some reason; I get wet just thinking about it. When I know I’m going to ovulate, I sometimes plan something special—not every time, but it’s hot when I do.This time, I planned a special weekend for us. Just us. No technology. No work. One phone for emergencies only. We couldn’t check or call unless we had to. The place we went to was secluded and surrounded by nature. It’s beautiful. I packed some sexy things for us to enjoy and some wine. My husband had no idea what he was in for, lol.We arrived in the afternoon. Settling in, we took in our surroundings: beautiful trees, rivers, and quietness. We even saw some wildlife off in the distance. Then, as night fell, we got dinner and talked for a bit. It was nice for it to be just us two with no distractions.After finishing dinner and our wine, I took a shower. I told my husband to wait in the other room because I had a surprise for him. I showered, put on my sexy baby doll dress, light makeup, and perfume, and took out some toys we’ve been experimenting with. We would have fun for the next few days—this was only the beginning.I told my husband to come into the bedroom. I started some light music and directed him to sit in the chair.“It’s about us for the next few days, my love,” I told him.My husband sat in the chair, his eyes alight and eager, and I smiled. Then, grabbing a cock ring, I pulled down his pants and put it on his growing hardness. When I gently took him into my mouth, his erection quickly became ready. I took the rest of his clothes off just as quickly.I whispered, “By the way, baby, I’m very wet right now. I’m also ovulating and need you inside my sweet, wet pussy. Pound this pussy hard. This is your pussy while we’re here.”My husband tried to grab me and lead me to the bed.“Nope,” I said. “Not yet. You have to watch first.”I grabbed my vibrator before getting on the bed.“Mmm. Pretend this is your cock.” I licked the vibrator before pushing it into my mouth.“Sucking you off is one of my favorites, baby. You wish this were your cock in my mouth, right?”“Yes!” my husband said.“Ok, just watch.”I lay back on the bed and spread my legs. I played with my clit.“Ooo, baby,” I moaned. “I like this. Go harder!”My husband watched me, eyes gazing as if in a trance. I put the vibrator on my clit and moaned loudly.“I’m gonna cum. I’m almost there.”My husband watched intently while he rubbed his hard cock. My release was near.“Baby, you’re gonna make me cum!” I moaned.My husband watched as my orgasm overtook me.“Ooh, baby, you’re making me cum!” I moaned again. “Ooooooo!”My release hit me from head to toe. After I finished, I went over to my aching husband. His cock was filled, with veins popping out and precum at the tip. I got on top of him and rode him for a short time so he could get a taste of the pleasure.“Mmm,” I moaned.He tried to hold my hips and get up.“No,” I said.” You have to stay until you’re called.”I went back to the bed and put the vibrator on my clit.“Oh baby, you feel so good!” I moaned.I changed the speed.“Oh yes, baby,” I moaned. “Your cock is so good.”My husband started rubbing his aching cock again.“Yes, baby.” I moaned. “Right there.”I changed the speed yet again.“Yes, Yes, Yes!!” I moaned. “Baby, I’m gonna come!!!!!”My release came yet again, ripping through every inch of me. My husband stared at me, aching to get to me.“Mmmm,” I said. “Baby, I just came again. You did that to me!”My husband rubbed his cock. I smiled and went over to him.“Gee, you’re so hard!” I laughed.“You’re so hot,” he said, trying to kiss me.“Are you ready to fuck your pussy?” I asked“Yes.” He said.“Well, not yet,” I said before I went down on him. I took all of him in my mouth, and his moans filled the room.“Mmmmm, baby,” he moaned.My mouth quickened its pace for a bit before I got up again. I kissed his lips and then played with his nipples. My already wet pussy was dripping, ready for him. I went in front of him.“Check,” I said. “Feel how wet I am for you.” He took a finger and put it in my hole, and I nodded my head. “Wet, huh?” I grinned. Then I wrapped my arms around his neck and slowly lowered myself onto his hard, aching cock.“Ooh, yes,” he moaned.My wet vagina walls wrapped around his aching cock. “Today, I want all of your cum in me,” I whispered.I ever so slowly went up on his cock before coming back down, squeezing my vaginal walls in the process. Up and down. My husband’s eyes rolled back, and his moans melded with the music. I picked up the pace, driving him to the edge—until I stopped just before.“You can’t cum just yet.” I smiled.“Don’t be a tease,” he said.“Teasing makes you hornier,” I replied. “I have to tease you before you can cum. That’s how much I want you.”I got up, went to the bed, and pleasured myself. My husband tried to follow.“Nope, not yet,” I warned. “You must watch first.” I played with my sweet clit and fingered myself. “Yesssss!!!! Omg!!! I’m right there, baby, you see?” I moaned, then my explosion hit.My husband played with his cock, watching me.“Mmmm,” I said, licking my fingers. “Are you ready for my sweet, wet pussy?”He nodded.“Well, come here,” I said. “Show me, baby. Show me this is your pussy, and cum inside me. I’m ovulating right now, too!” I smiled as I rubbed my pussy.My husband fast walked over to me, his dick hard and pointing the way.However, instead of entering me immediately, he finger fucked me to another release. The room filled with my moans as an orgasm took me. Once that climax was done, my husband teased me.“Oh, come on,” I begged. “Why you gotta do that?”“I have to tease you before I can fuck you. It’s called ‘returning the favor,'” he said, smiling.“It’s not fair,” I moaned.“I watched you enjoying yourself and refusing to let me join!” he said. “Now it’s my turn. I have to tease you now because you are naughty.” My husband rubbed my clit.“Ohhh,” I moaned.“Yeah, baby, you like that! But don’t cum,” he said, “until I tell you to.”“Oh, my gosh!” I moaned as my husband rubbed my clit. Then he started sucking my nipples, which also drives me crazy. I felt another orgasm coming, and my husband knew.“Oh no, not yet,” he said, stopping to kiss me.“Ugh, I can’t wait,” I said.“I told you I’m returning the favor for you teasing me,” he winked.“That’s so unfair,” I laughed.“Yes, but I have to tease you, so you’ll want it even more!”My husband teased me on and off until I couldn’t take it anymore. He rubbed my clit as I begged to cum.“Oh, you wanna cum?” he winked.“Yes,” I moaned.“How badly?” he asked.“I wanna cum now!” I moaned again.“Oh, you wanna cum now?” he teased.“Yes,” I moaned still more as I felt my climax nearing.“I know you’re gonna cum,” he said. “Cum!”With that, I came hard, moaning to the rooftop. There’s something extra sexy about teasing.“Good,” my husband said as he patted my pussy. “Now, I’m gonna fuck your pretty pussy!” My husband got between my legs, took his hard, aching cock, and soaked it in my juices before slowly entering me.“That’s right, baby,” I moaned. “Fuck your pussy. Fuck me.”My husband pounded the shit out of my sweet pussy. I’m pretty sure nature heard us.“Go harder!” I moaned. “Harder!”My husband pounded harder. He took my legs and lifted them to his shoulders.“Oh, yes,” I moaned. “Yes, right there, baby!”I thought the bed would break in half because he pounded me so well.“Ugh, I love youuuu,” my husband said as he pounded me. Then I heard it. I knew it was happening. I felt it. “I’m gonna cum!” my husband yelled.That’s when I pulled him close. “Yes,” I moaned. “I want to feel your cum inside me!”My husband thrust once more deeply and …“Oh, shit!!!” he said. “Oh, shit!!! His cock pulsed as he came inside of me.“Yes, baby,” I moaned. “I love it when you fill me up.”We were both on cloud nine and out of breath. Once finished, my husband pulled out of me. But we weren’t quite done yet. With his sweet cum still running in me, and his cock still hard thanks to the cock ring, I rode him and ground my pussy against his cock as he held my hips.“That’s right, baby. Enjoy yourself,” my husband said.I picked up the pace, sliding on his cock, hitting all my sweet spots until it happened again.“Ohhhh, I’m cumming on your co-o-o-ock!” I moaned. My body tensed as pleasure ripped me in two, taking me to my high.“Did that feel good?” my husband asked as I finished.“Yes,” I moaned as my euphoria floated me away.“Yes, you like my dick?” my husband asked.I nodded, in too much bliss to speak. His cum was still dripping out of me. Without a care in the world, I placed his fingers inside me.“Our baby is being created as we speak,” I laughed. My egg is ready. “Look at how much of your cum I have inside me. You fucked me so good.”I don’t know who heard us. I didn’t care. Ovulating and making love to each other is hot. I love nature.