‘Shall I bring you to the time of birth, and not cause delivery? says the LORDShall I who cause delivery shut up the womb? says your ELOHIMRejoice with Jerusalem, And be glad with her, all you who love her; Rejoice for joy with her, all you who mourn for her;That you may feed and be satisfied, with the consolation of her bosom, that you may drink deeply and be delighted with the abundance of her glory.’   –Isaiah 66:9-11January always brings a sense of newness, another chance to start again, another chance to dream, make plans, and ultimately learn from the previous year and live more intentionally. January also brings another year of life for my beautiful husband. People often ask me why I refer to my husband as beautiful and not handsome. He simply is beautiful! Inside and out. He is gentle and giving, sensitive and sincere, and he loves the LORD in such a way that can only be described as Beautiful.With every January comes the question, what do I buy Timothy for his birthday? A man who doesn’t really need anything, a man who doesn’t ascribe much value to earthly possessions but is a free spirit who thrives on experiences that create those memories which last a lifetime.This January, however, will be a bittersweet one; Timothy leaves on a mission trip one day before his birthday, which means I will have to do something special in the days leading up to his flight.I have always been the one to pray over our intimacy. Working in the ministry has shown us some very unsettling stories about how young couples get married only to realise they are not sexually compatible at all. This causes friction in a marriage, and more times than not, the marriage fails because of this very thing. When I am given the opportunity to minister at women’s events or women’s conferences, I always make sure to encourage women to pray over their intimacy, whether married or unmarried. If you’re married, ask the FATHER to be LORD over your intimacy, and if you’re unmarried, ask the FATHER the same thing, but ask HIM to send you a husband who is sexually compatible. The LORD understands our hearts; HE is, after all, the LOVER of our souls! HE is a LOVER HIMSELF.I love praying over my and Timothy’s intimacy, that it remains new and alive, ever growing and ever fulfilling. I always pray that we do not fall into a rut but that we find new ways of pleasing each other and making each other feel loved, wanted and desired.I have been blessed with a husband who likes exploring, is always willing to listen to my thoughts and ideas, and encourages me to research that which makes me happy.  I always pray that the LORD keeps us on the safe side of intimacy and that the beautiful act of making love that the LORD has created for us doesn’t get perverted by the enemy.Coming back to Timothy’s birthday… with my husband being a profound minister of the LORD’S Goodness, a man who loves to worship like King David of old, I thought a good book to read on the 20-hour flight to India would be an appropriate gift.  I paired it with his favourite chocolates. Inside the book, I hid an envelope containing the story of the first time Timothy and I made love.I won’t share everything with you because some things remain special and sacred just between a husband and his wife. But our first time together was magical and memorable, and Timothy wouldn’t mind me sharing some highlights with this wonderful MarriageHeat community.I was a little nervous about our first time, and I didn’t think it would happen on that first night together. It was just after 2 a.m. in the morning, and we were both tired after a day filled with celebrations. But little did I know, my sweet lover would make me the happiest girl alive.After saying our goodbyes and farewells to people who had come from afar to celebrate with us, we got into an UBER. Both visibly tired, we headed off to the honeymoon suite that Timothy’s parents so graciously gifted us with. I held onto my husband’s hand so tightly, barely being able to keep my eyes open.We entered a hotel room lavishly adorned with all the bells and whistles by Timothy’s Mum. Honestly speaking, we were both too tired to appreciate all the effort she had made; we didn’t even crack open the champagne. We both quickly undressed and got into bed, a few quick kisses and loads of I love you’s, but no arousal to speak of whatsoever, just plain exhausted.I laid my head on Timothy’s bare chest and thanked the LORD for this beautiful man, who was now completely mine, forever.We lay in the dark with the lights flickering through the window, maybe both of us a little too overtired to fall asleep. Timothy started running his fingers through my long dark hair, and I just lay there with gratitude in my heart. Then Timothy started talking. It went something along these lines:“Leah, there’s something I want to share with you.  Some of what I’m about to say is not news to you, but listen anyway. I love you.“Long before I met you, the LORD would have me pray for a missionary in Africa. I’d pray for her in my Heavenly language, and I didn’t really know why the LORD had me pray for her. One day, I saw her in the spirit as I lay on my bed praying; she had long dark hair, her breasts were naked, and she was well endowed.When I met you a year later, I knew the woman I had been praying for was you. You were mourning your Dad’s death at the time, and although I found myself falling in love with you, I held back because your Dad’s death was a heavy visible burden that you had to work through.“As time went on, we became closer—first as friends and then as partners in the ministry. Our shared love for the Gospel of MESSIAH JESUS CHRIST was the drawing card for me, and I started falling deeper and deeper in love with you.“One morning, I lay in bed just thinking of you: about your beautiful big breasts, which I wouldn’t admit at the time but I so wanted to hold them and feel with my naked hands what they felt like. I thought about your lovely long dark hair and how you’d tuck it behind your ears at times to expose your beautifully crafted earrings—you never wore the same pair of earrings two days in a row. I thought about your hands and how elegantly your perfectly painted fingernails moved across your laptop keyboard. I thought about your special dark eyes, which revealed your Asian heritage. I thought about the gentleness you showed when you taught the precious little African children that were placed in your care.“A revelation almost went off in my head. ‘That’s it,’ I said to myself. ‘Yeah, that’s it. I love this woman, that’s it. I love this woman.’ I lay there in the early hours of the morning, feeling my cock start to become fully erect. I started stroking myself, repeating over and over again, ‘I love this woman,’ until I erupted with the most heartfelt orgasm I had ever had.”As Timothy shared these words with me, I began to feel the arousal build up within me. We started touching each other, and I knew it was going to happen; I knew my husband was going to make love to me right then and there.Timothy opened his mouth to speak. He said, “I really love you, babe, and…”I put my finger in front of his mouth and said, “You don’t have to say much.”Timothy started sucking my nipples, and with every suck, the arousal grew stronger and stronger. Now lying almost with his whole body on top of me, he gently slid his beautiful dark cock inside of my pussy, and as if we were one, we started moving in unison. It happened almost in slow motion.I could feel my orgasm building and nodded to Timothy that I was ready. We came together, and I felt how Timothy dropped his whole load inside of me. My body tingled. I felt indescribable happiness.Timothy kissed my lips and said, “Shhh… go to sleep knowing your husband loves you.”I don’t have words eloquent enough to thank the LORD for bringing Timothy into my life and for making Timothy my husband. The LORD has blessed me, and to this day, my heart is filled with gratitude for this beautiful husband that the LORD has given me. The rest is still unwritten…