This story starts at a truck stop on our honeymoon.We needed a break from driving and decided to pick up a bite to eat. We parked near some livestock semis and started walking towards the café.My new bride was wearing a tight fitting top that hugged her DD bra along with tight short shorts. Heck, we were on our honeymoon, and with less modesty than we have today.Well wouldn’t ya know, here comes a couple of 20-something truckdrivers in Levi’s with big belt buckles and white hats. Their facial expressions showed the agony they were going through.I didn’t say a word. We sat down at a booth and ordered a sandwich. While we were, waiting I muttered something about the “jerks” in the parking lot.To my surprise, she said to me, “Those guys were just wishing they had the toys that you’re going to play with at the next motel we get to.” As she spoke, she reached under the table and massaged my balls.It took two long hours to find that motel as she kept doing things to tease me. My foreskin was leaking precum like a sieve.We finally got a room, but I had to go back out to get a bag that I forgot. When I got back to the room, my bride came out of the bathroom in a babydoll with no panties. She threw the covers back while I tried to remove my clothes quickly, feeling like my hands were all thumbs.With a wicked tone of voice she said, “This one is for those poor truckers. Are you up to it?”My answer was, “I think they would want you on top for some facetime with those two beautiful tits.”She pushed me down on the bed and straddled me.“Not so fast,” I said. “We need a pussy inspection.”I grabbed her cheeks and pulled her up till my nose was brushing against her musky bush. I did the smell test, moisture check and taste test. At this point my mouth is dry, so I stick my tongue in her hairy slit and a tablespoon of her lube slides down my throat.“Well every thing looks ready,” I said, and she slid back down, sitting straight up in my lap.With one arm, she reached back to massage my balls, and I told her to get a little rough with them. She leaned back and displayed her tits, which spread apart, and her nipples stood out like pencil erasers. When she had the boys well-massaged and ready, she leaned forward, and I took a tit with both hands and sucked, nibbled and tried to get as much in my mouth as I could.She turned to one side, presented her other breast and whispered, “Now do this one.”I gently lifted up on her side, signaling that it’s time. She raised herself up and I pushed my throbbing, aching shaft straight up and moved to the right spot. She began to lower herself and moaned a little as the very expanded head of my dick disappeared, and the entire shaft slid in effortlessly till my balls were pushed partly into her wet, hairy pussy.After a time of whispering sweet nothings to each other, I felt a tightening in my groin as my prostate got ready push out the big load. I felt a ripple in my dick as the hot semen traveled the length of my shaft. I felt seven or eight contractions as the unusually big load was dispersed. As the excess began to seep back out, we lay side by side, kissing and kissing some more, then we were both overcome with a deep sleep.