Hi all!This is my first post, so I pray you will all bear with me.I read a post about nipple play, and it brought to mind the fact that my wife doesn’t care for that. It has been a source of contention since we dated. She had some previous relationships that had negatively affected her regarding her boobs and especially her nipples. (At least one or more of her previous relationships involved a forceful asshole who effectively molested her and groped her, which is why she doesn’t like me doing anything with/to her tits.) It’s my burden to bear as I dwell with my wife with understanding, and I’ve told her I love her tits regardless of whether they’re just for looks and not for touch/play. But it’s never been “on the menu.” We’ve been married for 16 years now and have built a family, and I would never say it’s a “deal breaker,” but it’s also not the only thing she’s particular about.Recently she has taken her pussy off the menu for anything other than penetration with my cock. I can’t touch/taste or anything else. Anal has always been off the menu, and judging by the current situation, it doesn’t seem like anything I should hold my breath about. Sex is quasi-frequent (2 or 3 times a month or so,) and she will suck on me maybe once every 10-12 times we have sex. But beyond that, it’s mostly quick kisses, then she pulls her pants down and bends over, and I get to cum. It’s not a problem, per se, but it’s not very exciting either.My question is this: If this is something any of you have or do face, how do you handle perpetual sexual rejection from your spouse when it’s something you really enjoy that they’re just unwilling to give? I want to be respectful of her body and definitely don’t want to add to the baggage she brought into the marriage from the previous relationships. If I ask about it more than once, she gets super defensive and accuses me of pressuring her into doing something she doesn’t want to do (buzz words for “you’re just like my ex.”) I am my beloved’s, and she is mine (well mostly), and that’s not gonna change. I just wondered what advice, if any, you guys could offer.Thanks!