My husband and I have been married for 11 years. We both have enjoyable but demanding careers, and when you add caring for our two young children to the mix, well, it doesn’t leave much time for us.We are very much in love, and if I am honest, the sex has only gotten better over time as we have become more experienced and have had more time to learn and explore each other’s bodies. I think about my husband frequently when I am at work, and daydream about what I want to do with him when we get home. I love his body and all the ways he is different from me, all the ways our differences so perfectly complement each other. I love his strength, I love his warmth, I love the very masculine smell of the wood he works with that lingers on his body.Sometimes I get so hot I have to get up from my desk and walk around to clear my mind so I can focus on work again. Based on the texts we exchange, I know he feels the same way about me during the day, but after our long days of work, we still have errands to run, kids to drive to soccer practice, dinner to cook, and then bathtime, storytime and bedtime for the little ones before my husband and I get a moment to ourselves. By that point we are usually too exhausted to devote time to each other.After a particularly long stretch of such days, I found myself awake earlier than usual one morning. My husband was still asleep so I cuddled up next to him, feeling his warm body the whole length of mine. I didn’t want to wake him, but I was aching for him. My fingers slowly moved down my stomach and between my legs. Within moments, he awoke and turned on his side to face me, his hand meeting mine between my legs.“I felt you move and thought you might be doing that” he said, smiling. His hand replaced mine between my legs and then he kissed me deeply, covering my moan so we wouldn’t wake our kids in the next room. My hand found his crotch and felt him hardening beneath his boxers. His mouth moved lower to my neck and then, sliding the thin strap of my pajama top off of my shoulder, down my chest until he found my breast. I felt my body arching toward him in response, my hands in his hair.The next thing I knew, he had his boxers off and was pressing against the fabric of my shorts between my legs. Before I could even remove my shorts though, he had pushed them to the side, out of the way, and entered me. I moaned louder than I meant to, but I couldn’t hold back, not after so many days without. He felt amazing inside me as he began to move, and I felt such deep pleasure and joy at our connection.My hand found its way to my nether regions again, and it only took a few minutes before I came as he continued to pump into me. The feeling of my orgasm always sets him off too, and we both moaned (as quietly as we could manage) as we came together. Once it was over, I held him tight, still inside me, and kissed him. We might have stayed this way for longer, but the sun was rising, and we heard a door opening and little feet pattering down the hall toward our room.