This story contains a few instances of strong language (L).First of all, this post isnotabout a foursome; 2+2 just refers to our latest great sexcapade that my Melody and I shared. Let me explain.We woke up a little late and cleaned up for a lovemaking session. We were on our every-third-day sex schedule. It was also a holiday, so for us, that means oral sex too! We know some married couples do oral almost every sex session, but for us, holiday-only fellatio keeps it special. I DO give HER oral more often.Anyway, we both showered and got naked and met on the beautiful queen-sized bed. She got there first. I always feel in awe of Melody’s beauty, especially when she’s wearing her birthday suit or sexy lingerie. She is curvy, busty, and beautiful, with porcelain skin and big Nordic eyes. And seeing her nude on the beautiful oak bed I made in my workshop just made the view even better!First I mixed a lump of coconut oil with AloeCadabra Piña Colada lube, then slid it deep into her pussy. I had used my thumb to push the love potion in, so I did some “thumb-fucking” since I had the chance. I could feel Melody’s body tense up.Melody is recovering from back surgery and had woken up in pain. Recovery has been a roller coaster ride; she had hardly hurt at all the day before. She told me that she didn’t think she could cum today, and I acknowledged what she said, but to be honest, I took it as a challenge.I used a microfiber cloth to wipe off my hands, and soon we were kissing, and I was fondling her voluptuous breasts. That quickly turned to oral loving on her nipples as I stroked her pussy. I handed her her Doc Johnson iPlease vibe, and she started buzzing her clit.Then I kneeled up and, using my leaking precum as lube, pumped my hard rod as I ran my glans on her nearest nipple. We both were enjoying it, but it was an oral sex/fellatio day. Before her surgery, my wife would normally give me my holiday blow job as I lay on my back on the bed or with her sitting and me standing in front of her. But those positions were not going to work today. So, we found another way.Melody was lying on her back. I kept my left leg kneeling by the right side of her head and lifted my right leg over her body, placing my right foot on the bed above her left shoulder and holding onto the oak headboard for balance. My cock’s glans was pointing at her small sexy mouth. Then the fellatio began.In the course of our 30-year marriage, Melody has developed fellatio into an art form! She alternated between rubbing her sexy, soft lips along the underside of my glans, then she took most of my cock deep into her mouth. Today she also swirled her tongue as I gently face-fucked her.Yes, it was amazing!!!Eventually, I lay beside her to suck and tongue-titillate her nearby nip while manually manipulating the far breast and nip. Melody was buzzing her clitoris, but she asked if I was ready to go inside her.“So you want my cock in your pussy?” I asked rhetorically.“YES!” she exclaimed. “I want Fred in my puuusssy!” (As you may remember from myprevious stories, she named my dick “Fred” on our wedding night.)The way Melody says “puusssy” just sends me through the roof. I raced to get Fred in her pussy. But I also crave the taste of her perfect pussy. So as she opened her legs, I asked if I could lick her pussy. And she tasted delicious, piña colada-flavor mixed with her sexy, natural pussy juices. I lingually loved her for quite some time.Finally, I assumed the cuissade sex position: with me on my right side with Melody on her back, I slid my hard “Fred” in and began pumping as Melody started squeezing with her Kegals. We made love for a long time.At one point I cried out, “I love fucking your beautiful pussy!”“And I love having Fred in my pussy!” was her reply in her husky sex voice.I thrust in without banging my body into hers—well, Itriednot to pound into her. She was sighing and cooing until I came and loaded her pussy with my pussy-pleasing cream.“Ooooh, I like my present in my puuuussy!” she cooed.Then I slid out but scooped some of our love cream up to rub on her nipples before going to work on them. Melody was buzzing her clit, but the pain in her back was getting in the way. So she asked me to lie on my back next to her so she could stim my man-nips.  Of course, I came from pumping my rod as my wife’s lips worked their magic on my man-nips. Both of my orgasms had been good in their own way, but I felt bad that Melody had not cum. I apologized to her.Her response to this is always a reprimand because she says that MELODY has the right to decide if she had fun, not Tom (me.)  And she said it this time too.She got up to dress, and I pulled the sheet over me to nap. But a few minutes later, a sweatsuit-clothed Melody lay next to me and scratched my back. (Her fingertips are magic!) I rolled over to face her and told her how beautiful and sexy she is and how much I had enjoyed the blow job.“I’m good!” she said with a sexy smile. Then I kissed her, and soon we were having a make-out session on our bed. I reached up her sweatshirt, and she offered no resistance, so I knew she wanted it! I played with her titties. Then she pulled the shirt up and eased her left boob out of her bra—formyenjoyment, she said.Lying on her right side with me facing her, she cupped the side of her beautiful breast and offered it to me. I realized with a pleasant shock that she had “the look!” It youthened her appearance, and she looked hungry!My tongue and lips were soon busy. At her suggestion, I pumped my rod back to velvet steel (as another MH writer called it) as I suckled her breast. She lifted her sweatshirt higher to give me better access while I had fun with her nipples and boobs.Remember that I’d already cum twice, but sucking her tit had me all riled up again. When I rolled onto my back, my wife had another turn at playing with MY nipples. To my surprise, my third orgasm was even better than the first two!So I had had one orgasm in Melody’s pussy and two while she loved on my nips. But we were not done yet. I asked if she wanted to try for an orgasm again, and she said, “Yes!” and sat up to remove her sweatshirt. Then, I undid her bra and leaned around her side to nurse more on her lovely nipple as she sat on the edge of the bed. She held my head to her beautiful breast until finally she stood and completely disrobed. She stood tantalizingly by the bed, just out of reach, and she stroked her nipples as she began her sexy, twerking, “I want you bad!” dance.When she stepped closer, I kneeled up and took each nipple in turn into my longing mouth. Then I stood up precariously on our bed. Everything we’d done so far had made my “velvet steel” return. Melody proceeded to give meanothersession of fellatio! She held my hips to stabilize me and deep-throated my hard erection.  We had never done fellatio with me standing up on the bed.  But it is awesome!Afterward, Melody lay back down on the bed, and I gave her more cunnilingus. Her pussy was still coated in our “protein shake.”“Mmmmm!” I said. “Piña colada pussy!”We then reassumed the cuissade position, and again, I had the honor and privilege of fucking her beautiful body! But ya know, I was also making love to her body AND soul!I try not to use strong language, but this was sooo amazing that as I pumped her pussy, I had to reiterate: “I LOVE fucking your pussy!”Her response this time was a Kegal caress of my cock that upped my pleasure even more. This was going to be my fourth Big O of the morning, so it took a while. But the journey up to the peak of Mount O was all a great part of the fun. We pinched each other’s nipples as we continued our lovemaking. I wondered if Melody was going to cum with me, but I exploded more of “her present” deep up into her caressing cunt! What a sensational sensation!I felt so loved, but I wanted her to cum too. So I next added more coconut oil, into her vagina and then inserted our G-spot vibe all the way up into her waiting and very aroused pussy. While she used her Sensuelle Plus bullet vibrator on her clitoris, I sucked on each of her nipples. I had been praying that I would know what to do to help Melody cum, and suddenly, I knew It was time to kiss her again.She usually doesn’t like to be kissed right after I’ve eaten her out, but this time, our tongues had barely begun to dance together when Melody had a massive orgasm!  Her beautiful voluptuous body trembled and her boobs swelled.  Her face looked to me a lot like the face of my bride on our honeymoon… and that was around 30 years ago.“Thank you!” she gasped out afterward. “I love you!”“I love you too!” I replied with another deep kiss. “You’re so beautiful,” I told her, “especially when you cum and right after. You know that you’ll look awesome all day, right?”“You always say that,” Melody said, and she gave me another kiss.(By the way, research shows that after a nice sex session, we look younger for many hours.)Because of her back pain, Melody had thought an orgasm was impossible. But once she realized her fire had been lit by our first sex session, she wanted that orgasmic bonfire. I had filled her pussy a second time during round two, and she came powerfully with our G-spot vibe buzzing her sexy pussy inside –  and her Sensuelle Plus buzzing her clitoris, AND with our lips and tongues locked in love! She’d given me two blow jobs, had PIV sex to (my) orgasm twice, given me two other orgasms besides, then she had one great orgasm herself; I’d say she’s doing pretty dang well for a mature woman with health challenges, especially considering that she had back surgery only a few weeks ago.I had a total of four orgasms (2+2) this morning myself; pretty good for an old dude with multiple health conditions as well. But she gets the credit for those orgasms she gave me. I suppose I should have named this story 2+2+1 so I counted HER orgasm.  Hopefully in the future, as Melody’s back heals she will be able to return to having multiple orgasms.I’ll end by saying that I feel sooooo grateful to God for giving Melody to me and me to her. We adore each other. She is incredibly intelligent, very kind, and unselfish, which spills over into our lovemaking sessions! I mean, two blow jobs and cumming in her pussy twice in the same morning… plus giving me two other big Os as well!!!I told my wonderful wife that though I’m still in mortality, I think I’m in husband heaven too!  She replied that the feeling is mutual. Our health challenges are faced together, and we are still best friends, plus we rejoice to still be loving each other and making love to each other in mortality!