This post includes anal play (A).My wife was off on this particular Friday, but she got up with me anyway. We enjoyed coffee, a light breakfast, and some chit-chat before I had to head out. She asked me to stay home with her, but I said I couldn’t. She’d pouted, said she needed me, but my mind was already at work. I told her I’d try not to be late, kissed her, and left. I had only been there a couple of hours when she called.“I need you.”“I have to work,  baby.”“I read all of your old letters.”“Huh? Why?”“I was lonely when you left.”“Ummm. I wrote those a really long time ago.”“Yeah, I know. But the loneliness turned into nostalgia and… anyway, those letters stirred up something from when we were younger.””What do you mean?”“I didn’t know anything about sex back then… I just knew how you made me feel.”“But you have me, and… we have us.”“I know. But that certain feelingwoke up today… now I know it’s sex, and that’s what I want.”“I want sex too, but I’m working. We’ll have a romantic evening. I’ll take you out, then we’ll come back to the house and make love. I have to go. I love you.”She sighed. “I love you, too.”So, I wasn’t winning any great husband awards today. I hoped that I could make her feel better later. Mildly frustrated, I went about my day and had just made it back to my office when my phone dinged with a text from my wife. My jaw hit the floor…She was wearing one of my button downs, but it was undone. Her legs were spread wide and three fingers of one hand were buried inside her pussy, which looked ridiculously wet. In her other hand was a pink dildo held to her mouth as if she were about to suck it. Her expression was one of absolute lust.Thank God for privacy.I stared at the picture with an open mouth hard dick.How did she even take this?A wet spot was growing in the front of my pants, and I really wanted to jack off, but there are limits at work. All I could do to sate my desire at the moment was call her.She answered immediately, “I need you.”“My God, baby.”She moaned, “Please.”“You sound…edgy.”“Yeah.”The call abruptly ended, then my phone immediately lit up with an incoming FaceTime call; it was her. I briefly saw her face, but she quickly flipped the view so that her pussy filled the screen. Her lips were swollen and open. Her bush and inner thighs were soaked with her erotic secretions. Three of her fingers were moving in and out erratically, and her hips were thrusting. I could hear her moaning, then she said my name.“Please, baby… please… I need you.”“I’m on my way.” The call ended and I was out the door.The drive home was a blur and I had barely stopped in the driveway before slamming the door and running inside. I went straight to the bedroom to find her in the same position.“Damn, baby, you look…”She interrupted. “Please.”I stripped and crawled face first between her legs. I was entranced with her wet fingers before she pulled them out, licked them, then presented them to me. Her musk was thick, and she tasted like she’d cum already.Then her legs circled my back, and she tried to pull me forward with her heels. I inched closer, and when I was within reach, her fingers interlocked behind my head. Her goal was clear, and I let her take me there.Her scent was intoxicating and her pussy just seemed to be oozing. I couldn’t wait to taste her, and when my lips made contact, she cried out, pulled hard on my head, and dug in her heels. I was now happily trapped face first in her pussy.As my lips and tongue explored her treasure, her words became a jumbled mix of expletives, begging, and praise. I’ve eaten her pussy many times, but right now, she was using my mouth to get what she wanted. Her moans grew closer and her hip movements became frantic before she screamed loudly. My cheeks and neck were splashed with her cum.Damn, she squirted. She didn’t stop, and I was coated again before she released her grip.I rose to my knees, and she lifted up to meet me. The kiss was raw passion, but she wasn’t done. She maneuvered and pushed me till I was on my back with her on top, and my cock was nestled in her hairy bush.I thrusted and she inhaled, then rose up on her hands and shifted her hips. This put my cock along her slit, and she began moving her hips again.The feeling of her silky wetness was exquisite. She said my name,, and I locked eyes with her. She looked…unfulfilled, maybe even a little desperate, and there was a pleading in her eyes that tugged at my deep seated male need to satisfy her. I ran my hands up her arms and caressed her face, then apologized.Without a word, she rose slightly, reached back to align my cock with her hole, and sank down. Then she put both hands on my chest, and began to ride me hard. She’s a petite little thing, but the headboard was banging the wall with surprising force, and I was just trying not to cum.She was entirely lost in the moment and definitely headed towards another orgasm; when it hit, her cum drenched my balls. She looked and sounded like a woman in another world.My cock was throbbing as her hips finally stopped and she opened her eyes. Then she lifted herself off me and moved until she was laying next to me.“I need your dick in my mouth.”I rose to my knees, and she scooted up on the pillow until her mouth was even with my cock. I thrust forward a little, and she sucked in half my length. One of her fingers started rubbing circles on her clit, while another slipped under my balls and found my puckered hole. Before long, her head and fingers were moving in sync, and I joined her in the other world.She was no doubt in search of another orgasm because all of her fingers started moving faster, and her sucking was getting far more intense. When I told her I was close, she slipped another finger into my butt, and that did it. With an intensity I can’t describe, I thrust forward hard, and my cum rocketed into her mouth.This put her over the edge, and she bucked and twisted before pulling her mouth off my cock to scream. Her fingers were still in my butt though, and I hadn’t finished cumming. The last few ropes landed on her face and neck as she rode out her orgasm.We slowly came down together, and when I lay beside her, she snuggled into me and breathed a contented sigh. I brushed a stray hair from her cheek and wiped a tear that had formed in her eye, then told her how sorry I was for leaving her alone this morning.She smiled, slid down to my cock, then looked up, “I forgive you.”