MH readers, the following is one of the most intense and fulfilling sexual experiences of our marriage.  It has taken some time for me to compile and write it up for MarriageHeat. I took notes each day or night of this vacation, and I have photos and videos of our Elven adventure, so I have referred to that plus my memory to tell the whole incredible and sexy story in as much detail as possible.  The sex story was so long that I am posting it as a series. Even though it happened several months ago, my memory of it is very sharp. Somehow my sex memories are the clearest and most unforgettable ones.This experience was alluded to in poetry in my previous post called: “Melodie’s She Elf Perspective.”Last fall, I was hankering to travel with my lovely and sexy wife.  At first, a cruise sounded good, but we decided on a short 4-5 day vacation at a resort town with hot springs in a bordering state.  We reserved a room at a bed and breakfast inn that has themed rooms and we chose the Enchanted Elven Forest room well in advance.Day 1  After the long drive to the resort town, we were bushed and went out to dinner at a nice restaurant then went back to the inn and crashed.  But before we slept, Melodie had me lie on the bed nude so she could give my man-nips some loving.  I pumped my rod to a nice orgasm that splattered us both with cum. I knew that on this vacation there was way more to “cum.” But I did not know HOW amazing this would be!Day 2  This morning after breakfast at the B&B, I surprised Melodie with Elven costumes, including the pointed ears!  (I had bought them in secret and snuck them into the room.) So we dressed up as Elves, complete with swords and shields.  But we were wearing elf costumes that were NOT armor.Then we lay on the bed and read a roleplay story I wrote about two Elves getting married—and their wedding night!  The story was another surprise for Melodie. She loves this sort of role-play or thematic story, so I was hopeful that it would put her very much in the mood.Because I wrote it after I booked the room, the story fit the theme and our costumes. The walls of the room were covered in a photographic mural of an old-growth forest—we FELT like we were among the trees—and the bed was a rich mahogany wood with intricate carvings, so I had “cum” prepared. Dressed as Wood Elves, we took some regular photos in front of the “forest,” but soon we were exposing our sexy parts to each other and using our hidden photos and videos app to take some VERY racy shots.The photos included the female Elf with exposed breasts, bare pussy, and (when she took off the dress) just an Elven cloak that covered very little.  The male Elf flashed his full erection to his beautiful Elven wife plus the female Elf was also recorded doing her sexy dance-and-posing moves while wearing only her Elven cloak!  She was also stroking her nipples with one hand and brandishing a short sword in the other.As we stood by the giant mural of the forest, we kissed deeply with some wandering hands. Melodie rubbed her nipples and her whole breasts over and over to get even more stimulation.  She also pumped my rod to full power.My she-elf really couldn’t resist reaching down to pump my rod. Then she surprised ME by bending over to give me some excellent oral sex. (I filmed it. In fact, I filmed a lot of the sexual stuff we did over the vacation.)When Melodie the She-Elf paused the BJ, we moved to the beautifully carved bed.  She then sat on the edge and I stood beside the bed and in front of my beautiful Elven wife.  She resumed her excellent blow job on my already harder-than-ever erection.  I still had my tunic and Elven cloak on (but we had removed my Elven leggings)..  She had her Elven cloak on and her dress pulled up so she could finger her pussy as she blew my dick. She also had the bodice line of her Elven dress pulled down to expose her perfectly round cantaloupes. Cum to think of it, as she gave me the BJ she alternated between fingering her clit and fondling her titties.  I also reached down to play with her nips.This was all so awesome, but I wanted to deposit my little white haploid gems in her cave of wonders. So, I backed up a step to stop the oral sex on my cock and had her lie down on the bed.  It was MY turn to feast!“Can I lick your pussy?” I asked politely.She opened her legs wide as she pulled the skirt part of the dress up to her navel, and she practically shouted, “I WANT you to lick my pussy!” She put her hands behind my head to pull me down to the feast!Because I’m a reasonable husband, I complied with her desire.  Besides, I love tasting her pussy.  I was bottomless with a hard erection on display, but I removed my Elven cloak so all I had on was my white tunic.  Then I lay between her legs, wrapped my hands and arms around her sexy smooth thighs, and dove in with tongue and lips!“Put your tongue inside me!” Melodie pleaded as she used both hands to spread her pussy lips even wider.  Again, I happily complied.  I loved how her raw pussy tasted!“Mmmmm!” I said as I licked from deep inside her love tunnel up along her labia to her shiny pleasure gem.Melodie began to squirm in ecstasy. She started to move her hips in a way that allowed my tongue to penetrate her pussy, then slide up to her clitoris without me moving.  I just stuck my tongue out, and she stroked my tongue with her pussy, labia, and clitoris while I just held it in place!  That was SO amazing!  The memory of how she tasted that morning is still fresh in my mind right now – several months later!I eventually stood up by the bed with one knee on the mattress near my sexy elven wife’s face, and she once again engulfed my rod in her beautiful mouth as I basically face-flicked her. I found it very erotic to stroke her pussy or tweak her nipples at the same time.  In very little time, I was ready to cum. But as I mentioned, I wanted to spray my man-cream microscopic gems up deep in her Cave of Wonders.So I climbed on top of her as I answered the call of her open legs and began to breed her like a rabbit, hard and fast. I even kissed her with my pussy-juice soaked face, and she devoured my mouth as I continued to pound her. (She usually prefers not to taste her pussy via my kisses, but she was crazy turned on!) She was already soaking wet when we started intercourse, and she squeezed her Kegals to hug my pulsating and pounding penis.“Do tip-on-nip on me!” Melodie suddenly requested in her husky sex voice.  So I slid out and moved to kneel beside her.  I scooped some of her natural lube from her pussy and rubbed it on her nipples. I stroked my rod as my glans rubbed on her raspberry-like hard pink nipple. Meanwhile, she stroked her clit in a “let your fingers do the walking” move for a while.  Then she grabbed a bullet vibe and began to buzz her clitoris. So together, we stimulated her titty and clitty!Next, we went back to more sloppy cunnilingus, then tip-on-nip again before we slid into our X position, where I lay on my side and she on her back with my Biological Elven Sword lined up with her Glittering Cave.  We slid together into an enthusiastic flicking* that, after a very pleasant several minutes, led to a fabulous climax for us both.  Mine was slightly ahead of hers, but my Elf-milk soaking her internal pussy pushed her over the top!After all those sexual activities we were both lying there, partially dressed in our costumes but mostly exposed, and looking at each other in absolute love and amazement at what we had just done.  It was after noon when we stopped, so we had been making love for around three hours!  The top and bottom of Melodie’s dress were pulled to her mid-torso, baring her beautiful boobs and precious pussy.  My tunic was practically around my neck, and my Elf pants were off.  Neither of us was wearing any underwear, so we lay there with our chests and our cum-soaked external sex organs on display.I stroked Melodie’s leaking pussy, then rearranged myself to lick it and taste our cum. Afterward, I moved up to kiss her and asked if her precious pussy parts were pleased.“Yes, she is very happy,” replied my beautiful and sexy wife.Needless to say, MY precious man-parts were very happy too!Reading a role-play or themed story always gets to Melodie, but this one made her off the charts horny! She was absolutely wild for more and more sexual love from me.  I was so happy that I sent several quick silent prayers heavenward to thank God for this kind, beautiful, busty, curvy, and sexy wife He gave me.By the way, at this point, I wasn’t missing the cruise.  This vacation had already surpassed or matched almost anything sexual we’d ever done together! Melodie was wild for sex all four days of this little getaway.  So….More to “cum” in Part 2.*FLICK = For Lawful Incredible Carnal Knowledge.  It replaces “FUCK which historically meant For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge.  We are married, so our carnal knowledge is lawful.  I have considered adding another “L” for “Loving.”  So it would be FLLICK or FLLICKing. I hope that explains my use of my made-up acronym.