After a horrible flight that included delays and the loss of my suitcase, we arrived at my parents’ house only an hour before my sister’s engagement party—but I wouldn’t have missed it for the world! Since I had nothing to wear, my sister took me to her room and picked out a dress for me. She chose a black halter style, but I demurred.“I cant wear this; it’s going to show more of me than I should.”“Nonsense! You’re beautiful! Besides, I have a shawl you can wear over it that’ll make you more comfortable.” When I looked doubtful, Amy continued. “Sis, you are the most beautiful woman I know and have a wonderful husband.  I’m sure he’ll enjoy seeing his sexy wife take pride in her beauty.”I quickly changed. The low-cut neckline exposed much of my cleavage and some side boob, and the hem hung only a few inches below my shapely ass.Amy looked me over, beaming and giggling, and told me I looked amazing. She looked stunning as well in a similar dress, but because she’s smaller, she wasn’t showing as much skin as I was.We walked down the stairs together, and my mother complimented us proudly. I smiled and blushed as I caught my husband staring at me and smiling. Pausing to hug and kiss him, I made my way to the kitchen for the champagne.Sam stepped behind me and placed his hands on my bare shoulders, then swept my hair aside to drop a kiss on my neck.  My body tingled as he whispered, “You look beautiful.” When he pulled me against him, I could feel a hardness forming against the small of my back.  “I want to fuck you.”  His words sent shivers through my body.“Ooh, baby,” I gasped and wriggled away before kissing him and telling him to behave.But he pinned me against the kitchen wall and grabbed and squeezed my tits.  I moaned and felt my own arousal building. My nipples tingled as they swelled and poked out.  I reached between us to rub and squeeze his stiff cock.“Mmmm, how long do you think you can stay hard?” I asked.Just then, Mother called me. I kissed my husband again and grabbed the tray of champagne, and we walked out.For the next hour, I was by my sister’s side as her maid of honor.  I would catch my husband looking my way, his eyes filled with love and wanton desire.  A few times, he surreptitiously squeezed his cock to show that he was still very hard.At one point, I walked to the kitchen to prepare a tray of munchies, and my husband followed.  I was standing at the counter when I felt his hands caress my shoulders and his soft kisses tickle my neck.“I’m so hard,” Sam whispered. “I can’t believe how beautiful and fuckable you look in that dress.” He pinned me against the counter, grinding his erection against my ass.I moaned. “Baby, please, just a little bit longer. Then you can fuck me all you want.”His hands slid under my arms and into my dress to cup and squeeze my tits. He pinched and twisted my nipples, which lengthened and hardened embarrassingly. My body shook, and I moaned; I was on fire and wanted him just as badly as he wanted me.Sam spun me around.  He looked so sexy as he undid his pants.I gasped. “No, baby, please what if…” was all I got out before his big hard cock was in view and he slowly pushed me to my knees.“Don’t worry; I’ll keep watch,” he promised with a sexy smirk.I knew there was no stopping him, and frankly, I didn’t want to. I closed my palms around his shaft and started stroking him. Bending my head down, I licked around his head fast.“Yes, baby, that’s it. Suck it; make me cum.” As I took his cockhead into my mouth and lowered one hand to rub his balls, his hips began a frantic rocking. My body tingled and my juices flowed at this risky behavior.In only a few moments, Sam groaned, his cock pulsed, and his cum shot straight to the back of my throat with an upward angle that entered the back of my sinuses. So I pulled off his cock, and he painted my face with the last shot of his cum.My mother once again was calling for me. Sam handed me a dish towel, and I cleaned my face off while he tucked his cock away. I stood and kissed him long and deep, then whispered in his ear, “Thank you, baby. I enjoyed that a lot.” Then we rejoined the party. My pussy and thighs were wet and dripping, but I did my best to hide it from all but my husband, whom I tantalized with the knowledge and knowing glances the rest of the evening.When we said our goodbyes to the last of the guests, I winked at my husband and excused myself, hurrying down the hall to the bathroom.  There, I jumped up on the counter and pulled my dress up, spread my legs, and was rubbing my hot, wet pussy when Sam walked in.He stepped up to me and kissed me passionately as his hands found my tits again. Then they slid down to rub and squeeze my clit, and I bit into his shoulder to muffle my scream.Sam knelt and pressed his mouth against my pussy, flicking his tongue against my clit several times before sucking oh-so-hard. My body shook and reflexively pushed toward his face.  His mouth made love to my pussy, his tongue sliding in and pulling my juices from me as my body pulsed. I convulsed as my juices flooded out of me.Standing and pulling out his cock, Sam pressed his fat head against my pussy and slowly pushed in. As I cried out in pleasure, he gradually filled my hungry cunt. Then he fucked me long and slow, pushing in hard to my core and forcing a groan out of me with each thrust. As he drew back, the rim would drag across the tender part inside me, and after long minutes of this, my body shook wildly as my pussy gushed again.My husband buried himself fully, and his cock unloaded another load of his cum. I wrapped him in my arms and held on as we both rode the wave of our orgasms.We were still coming down when Amy knocked, asking who was in the bathroom.  I said, “I’ll be out in a minute, Amy.”Suddenly, my sister barged in, catching us in the act of adjusting our clothes. She grinned and asked my husband if she could have her turn with me now.He smiled and kissed me, then dropped a light smooch on the top of Amy’s head as he headed out.When Amy was done laughing at my embarrassment, she said she’d come to offer me the loan of a nightgown or sleep shirt. My blush when I told her that wouldn’t be necessary just set off her again.