(We’ve been asked what the numbers are for in the Ron and Anne stories. They are for putting the stories in approximate chronological order as opposed to the order they were written.)It was a family camping weekend. The children were just entering their teen years and Ron and Anne were definitely looking forward to some ‘us’ time after the kids were in their sleeping bags.They arrived at the campsite in time for a swim, supper, and some games before the children finally went to sleep. With the children down for the night, the evening became as romantic as Ron and Anne could have wished. Sitting by the fire, they finished their coffee, snuggled, and spent the time just being in love. As the fire burned lower, it grew cool, and they decided to turn in.They had two sleeping bags that could be zipped together to make a single bag, large enough for both of them. Ron chose to sleep in his swimsuit, but Anne had shed her suit in favor of a sleep shirt and panties. They lay there beside each other, talking and enjoying being together under the light of a full moon.As their conversation died down Anne began moving around as if she were uncomfortable. When she quit moving, her hand came out from the sleeping bag. In it were her panties. She flipped them over into the corner of the tent.“We don’t really need these, do we?” she said with a grin.Ron smiled in surprise that his normally bashful wife would take the risk of being bottomless with the children asleep in the tent with them. They both knew that in the morning her shirt wasn’t going to be near long enough to hide the fact that she wasn’t wearing her panties.“We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.” She said in response to his raised eyebrow. The mood had been set and she was ready.It was an invitation Ron was not interested in turning down. His hand slid down to the bottom of her sleep shirt; then back up underneath to hold her bare teat – her wonderfully soft, warm, bare teat. In pure enjoyment, he massaged her breast, as an almost imperceptible sigh escaped from Anne.She let him enjoy her teat for a few moments, then she slowly pushed his hand back down until it reached the tuft of hair between her legs. She released it, confident his fingers could find the rest of the way from there.Ron began gently combing through Anne’s soft brown curls until he felt her pussy lips swollen with desire. He pushed his hand further down until his fingers found the opening of her vagina, slick with female lubricant. Smearing the lubricant along the sides of her labia, he began to stroke her lips as he felt her clitoris form a tiny female erection.She said, “Just a second.” Reaching into her makeup kit, she drew out a hand towel.“If you go any further, we are going to need this to keep me from messing up the sleeping bag.” She took the towel and pushed it between her legs.Then with his free hand, Ron pulled the neck of the sleep shirt down exposing one of her breasts. Taking the breast in his hand, he rubbed her nipple against his lips.“I don’t think your teats want your pussy to get all the fun,” he said as he started teasing the nipple with his tongue until it grew hard.He returned to stroking her pussy lips. With the amount of foreplay, she was ready. Her muscles tightened and her hips lifted. With a muffled groan, as if the air was being forced from her lungs, she began to pulsate with contractions. Her leaking feminine lubricant became a flood. It had been wise for Anne to bring the towel.As she came down from her orgasm, the warmth of her afterglow washed over her. They snuggled together, Even though they could not go further with the children in the tent with them, they were grateful for this gift from God. However, both of them were planning on a very good time after they got home.