(L) – This story contains strong language.Fairy Lovin’This was one of those amazing, erotic, memorable experiences! We have the photos and videos to prove how great it was! I came up with this idea months ago but never had acted on it.It was to start with Melody in her Christmas teddy (although it is now almost a month after Christmas as of writing this). She didn’t know that there was a matching pair of fairy wings. The teddy looked like a fairy costume. I’ve always been fascinated with the idea of fairies.I set up our massage table right in front of our bedroom’s big screen TV, and turned on a forest video with soft music. I helped Melody out of the shower and she saw the massage table through the bathroom door. She protested that she wasn’t in the mood for “that!” (She meant a massage with erotic goals.)“That’s not why it’s out,” I said. And I suggested that she put on makeup. She murmured but complied.I had set up a circular light with my cell phone in the center, facing the massage table. When Melody stepped into our oversized bedroom I held up a pair of wearable fairy wings. I hit the switch and the wings lit up—with sparkling fairy lights of course. The lights and wings were a soft green to match her costume/teddy.She laughed and complained a little, but she put on her fairy teddy/costume and I helped her into her wings. I had her sit on the massage table, which was covered in a pretty blue-green sheet. She looked adorable!I was wearing designer boxers with a chili pepper pattern on them.I took a few pictures of Melody, dressed as a glowing fairy, then moved in to slide one boob out. I leaned in and sucked one of her lovely nipples just long enough to make it erect. I stepped back to get the view of the costume just barely revealing the hard nipple. Melody slid it back under the teddy, but I insisted she bring it back out, then snapped some photos.Next I approached my glowing fairy wife and exposed her other breast and repeated my previous actions.I don’t quite know how to describe this, but something clicked in Melody. This was kind of a role play, and sexy role plays get her wired. She was framed by the glittering fairy lights of her wings, but suddenly Melody’s eyes lit up too!“It’s on!” I thought to myself as she started striking poses, even as she exposed and massaged her tits and began pinching her nipples. She put one leg up on the massage table and opened her legs wide, then began stroking her pussy over the teddy—then under it. I began filming a clip.I released my cock through my boxers’ fly. I continued filming and panned down to my hard dick, saying to Melody, “See what you’re doing to me?”I took some wonderful pictures. I know my wife is in her 70s but I’m telling you that she looked cute and sexy beyond belief! In a good marriage age does not diminish beauty because you see each other’s souls.That being said, I was also seeing my voluptuous wife at her best. In a lot of the pics she didn’t look anything like her age. She began making suggestions for me on how to take the pics. I leaned over from behind her. I got pussy pics. My now erotic fairy wife spread her vulva and her pussy lips were drenched!I dropped my boxers between taking more video clips. Melody laid down on the massage table, and I began jacking off while rubbing my glans on her closest nipple. She arched her back and stroked her clit, plus she was pinched her other nipple. I had so much precum that it totally lubricated the nipple my cock was rubbing and it all felt awesome—to both of us!I loved the sight of my big, hard cock rubbing my sexy Melody’s tits! Her porcelain, smooth, soft skin was illuminated by the fairy lights of her wings. This was all getting me very hard! My hard erection was also illuminated, and I was at a more than a regular sex-day size.“I want you to fuck me!” Melody said in her husky, aroused voice. That voice only happens when she’s desperately aroused!First I leaned over and licked and sucked all of my precum off her titty. I don’t know why, but I love my taste off of her tits! I felt amazed and enraptured in our passion!Before sitting up, Melody had me remove the semi-transparent fairy wings and she draped them over her ample breasts. She suggested I take photos of that and they turned out beautifully! Now her breasts were just barely visible as they glowed green through the translucent fairy wings!We moved to the bed and I kept taking more pictures, but she began to demand, “I want Tommy to fuck me HARD!”No good husband can deny that kind of request. I prepared her with coconut oil with the AloeCadabra chocolate flavored lube. Five days ago I had used that chocolate lube on my dick and in her pussy and I really enjoyed the taste of our chocolate cream pie at the end of our romp. (See my previous story “Chocolate Cream Pie.”) I slid the lube deep into her already very wet pussy.“I don’t think you need any lube!” she said, and I knew she was right.I dove in to suck some more titty, but eventually paused. Just like that encounter five days ago I asked her, “Do ya wanna cum before we fuck or after we fuck?”Like Monday, she said a bit loudly, “I don’t care!” She just wanted to fuck and be fucked. Of course, our fucking was a part of us loving each other to the fullest!In any case, we went into our favorite sex position that we call “X position.” I laid on my side as Melody laid on her back. Our legs intertwined and my very excited member lined up for a deep pussy pounding!I can’t adequately describe how much pleasure and joy we shared as my cock impaled her pussy and quickly went into an aggressive pounding of pussy by dick. Her pussy was absolutely pulsating as I rammed home. Her little gasps and bouncing boobies were so sexy.I slid out and moved up beside her and I orally loved on her boobies again. But I wanted to get my cock back into its happy place.So, I plowed my cock back inside to pound her even harder. Doing this was kindling her cumming orgasm! And mine too even sooner. I had a looong orgasm with a high peak. The sensations were indescribable—like trying to describe multiple flashes of lightning in a thunderstorm. It felt like I’d pumped a gallon of my love cream into my wife’s caressing cunt.I pulled out and slid up next to her. I scooped up some of our pussy-mixed chocolate cream pie from her leaking cunt and smeared her tits. Then I again attacked her left nipple to clean it off and Melody emitted coos and sighs of pleasure. I switched to her right, then back to her left. I love the taste of our cum off her tits. In less than thirty seconds from me returning my oral ministrations to her left breast, her body began jerking as her orgasm took her. I was filming this and I captured her ecstasy. There’s no sight more beautiful to me than my beautiful Nordic wife cumming!I think maybe she IS a fairy because I swear she was GLOWING! And it wasn’t from the wings, because we’d removed those before we went to the bed.Afterwards we lay there contentedly cuddling.“Wow!” I gasped out. “That was the best orgasm I’ve had in a while!”“Same here!” Melody quipped. She laid there with the silky fairy costume pulled down to bare her now satisfied boobs that matched the satisfaction of her pussy—and all the rest of her body as well.“That was fun!” she said.“Thank you for playing along,” I added. But she had done far more than playing along. She had embraced the sexual experience and that made it all the more erotic and romantic—and fun! I told her that too. I thanked her and she thanked me back!I will end by telling you that we both thanked Heavenly Father for today’s lovemaking. It was over the top erotic for us and we were grateful. Also, I had moderate (and successful) surgery on Tuesday, and Melody has been quite ill. So our last full lovemaking had been Monday evening, the night before my surgery. We did pretty well today (Saturday), considering our dicey health. Maybe I should say that a little fairy magic goes a long way!