It’s Saturday morning, and Lucy and I are relaxing in bed, slowly waking to the light drumbeats of rain against the bedroom window. Lucy sits up and rests her back against the bed pillows, staring ahead. I can tell she’s fixed in thought.Before I can ask what’s up, she turns to me and says, “I had a strange dream last night, and I’m not sure what to think about it.”“What type of dream?” I ask.”A sex dream,” she answers. “And it was one I’ve never had before.”I’m intrigued. I sit up and look at her expectantly.Lucy continues, “In the dream, I was having a threesome with two guys—something I don’t actively fantasize about—but here’s the strange thing: both of the guys wereyou.”I burst out laughing. “If only!”Lucy chuckles. “I know, right? But it got me wondering—in a hypothetical situation, would fucking two of you be immoral?”“I think that’s too deep a philosophical question to ponder until after we have some coffee,” I say. “Besides, as fantasies go, it seems like you’ve found a relatively guilt-free way to explore your desires.”“It was pretty hot,” she says. “I think I may have cum a few times.” She reaches under the sheets. “My panties are still damp.”Now I’m starting to get aroused, my cock stirring in my boxers. “Care to share the details?” I ask. Lucy takes a breath and closes her eyes. I can tell by her expression that the dream is still fresh in her mind.She starts softly, “I don’t know exactly where it took place. Not here. Maybe Scotland or Wales. Somewhere remote, windswept and rugged. And it was a different time—like 19th Century? That part is hazy. But I know I was wearing a dress.”“We were out horseback riding—me and you. It was raining (I probably heard the storm from last night in my sleep), and we had to make it back to this big stone manor house before we got soaked through.”“We ended up in the parlor, each of us shedding our wet coats, hats, and scarves.””I needed help unbuttoning my dress from the back. You were wearing a pair of tight riding pants and a shirt that was soaked through. As you unbuttoned my dress, I could feel the water from your hair drip onto my shoulders. Some drops trickled down my back, and some went down my front.”“When my dress was unbuttoned, you gently pushed the sleeves off of my shoulders and let it fall around my ankles. I was wearing some kind of front-laced bodice and petticoat—oh, this sounds ridiculous!”“No, no!” I assure her. “Keep going!”“OK, OK. It was all so surreal—kind of hazy, but with this undercurrent of expectation that I could feel deep down there.”While she’s telling me all this, Lucy’s hand unconsciously (or not!) slips down beneath the covers.I smile at her. “So you’ve got your riding dress around your ankles, and you’re standing in front of me with a laced bodice and petticoat,” I say. “Sounds hot. What happened next? And where does the second me come in?”Lucy holds up her hand. “Don’t rush me,” she says. “I’m trying to remember all the details.”It’s then that I realize Lucy isn’t just trying to recall her dream so she can tell it to me correctly. She wants to relive the experience! Retelling the story is turning her on all over again.“I was standing in the middle of the bedroom,” she says, “my hair damp with rain and my breasts heaving from the intense ride we just had to beat the storm. Turning around to face you, I reached up to unbutton your wet shirt and put my hands on your chest. When I looked down, I could see the outline of your stiff cock through your riding pants.”I’m watching Lucy as she tells the story, noticing as her hand makes almost imperceptible motions underneath the covers.“And here’s where it gets weird,” she says. “As I was admiring you and getting ready to unbutton your trousers, I noticed someone sitting in the corner. It was another you! And this you was wearing a fancy suit. Maybe you owned the house? And you’d been watching us.”“I’m both servant and master!” I say.“Exactly,” Lucy answers. “And you—the second you—had this look of proprietorship. Like you owned everything, even us. And that pissed me off. I was angry at you. But I was also turned on that I was being watched. You just sat smugly in your velvet wingback chair, not saying anything.”“So I turned my attention back to the first you. I was mad. I was going to teach Second You a lesson. So I ripped the wet shirt off First You and kissed and bit your bare chest. Then I aggressively unbuckled your pants. As I unbuttoned your fly, I realized you weren’t wearing anything under them, so your cock sprung out in front of me.”She continues, “I dropped to my knees and held it in both hands. Then I leaned forward and licked the tip.”By now, my own (real) cock is getting hard as stone. Lucy’s dream is turning both of us on.“First You started pushing into my mouth. I opened wide to take you, and you reached down to fondle my breasts underneath the bodice. My nipples are so stiff.”I can’t tell if this last line is Lucy’s retelling of the dream or a statement of her current condition. Her nipplesarestiff, poking against the sheet fabric of her white nightie.“Soon, I was sucking First You off while you awkwardly tried to untie my bodice laces so you could have full access to my tits.“But all this time, I was constantly aware of Second You watching from the darkened corner, still silent. I saw him out of the corner of my eye, but I kept telling myself to focus on First You.“I helped you loosen my bodice, and it fell open. My nipples were so stiff they were sore. You pulled yourself out from my mouth and knelt down to suck on them hard. First one, then the other.“Then you made me stand up, caressing my naked back and worshipping my breasts. We moved to this big chaise lounge type thing, you lay down on it, and I crawled on top of you with my petticoat still on. I had to finish what I’d started. So I kissed your hard cock again, rubbed your balls, and squeezed your shaft, while I licked your smooth head.”You sat up against the chaise with your knees bent. I scooted forward to keep working on your cock. You had your hands in my hair and on my breasts, pinching my nipples, but my petticoat and—what do you call them? Bloomers?”“Bloomers, right,” I say absentmindedly, my hands busy with their own business in my boxers.“My bloomers were still on. And my pussy was justthrobbing. I was aching for release. But in my dream, I couldn’t do anything about it. It’s like I was stuck.”“And then—and I don’t know if this was just a surreal dream thing or if there was a mirror on the wall or something—but I could suddenly see behind me that Second You had unbuttoned your pants. And he—you—were gripping your firm cock, stroking it methodically.“Second You slowly stood and walked toward us while I was still servicing First You. First You was squeezing my tits, and your cock was deep in my throat. I was perched on all fours, resting on my elbows with my petticoated ass in the air and my mouth full of your thickness.“Second You strode over and lifted my skirt up to show my bloomers. I was so hot with lust by now that I pushed my ass toward you. You paused just long enough to drive me crazy, then ripped my bloomers down past my thighs.”I can’t help myself. I reach under the covers and put my hand on top of Lucy’s. Then I trace the inside of her thighs and tuck my fingers into the leg hole of her panties. She spreads her legs to give me access to her pussy, lifting her hips just a little as she continues recounting her dream.“You—Second You—touched my sex lightly with your fingers, almost like you are doing right now. You started probing, exploring, but you were holding back, teasing me physically and emotionally.”My fingers are caressing and exploring Lucy’s warm, moist pussy lips, occasionally entering her folds to finger her deeper. Her own fingers twirl around her clit, rubbing the hood and pinching it lightly.“And that just drove me wild.”“What were the two me’s saying?” I ask.“Nothing,” Lucy says. “There was no soundtrack to this dream. It was like an old silent movie.”She continues. “Even though we weren’t saying anything, my body was full of uncontrollable desire. I was trying to will you to satisfy me. Suddenly, it was like my pussy had this incredible power—like it could command you. Second You grabbed my hips, leaned in close, and pushed his face, your face, up against my ass. You licked me from clit to asshole across my wet pussy, using your full tongue.“By now, I was so wet, my juices were running down my thighs. Second You’s head was nestled in my petticoats, spreading my pussy lips apart and fucking me noisily with his tongue, no, your tongue. Whoever’s it was, it was so good!“And First You was holding my head, face-fucking me with firm but gentle force. I could feel your cockhead hit the back of my mouth, and I gagged for a moment but then relaxed so you could fill my throat.”I kick off the sheets and bring my other hand beneath Lucy’s bottom. She pushes her panties down, and I reach under her ass to finger her pussy from behind, both hands now playing with her. She reaches over to grab my stiff cock.”And finally—it was like the crescendo of a symphony—Second You pulled away. For that brief moment, I was in agony!  But almost immediately, you positioned your cock at my pussy, and with a rough shove, you filled me up.”Lucy continues, with slightly labored breath, “So now my cunt and my mouth were filled with your two cocks, both of them thrusting together. I could feel my tight pussy throb against your cock as you pushed deeper into me. At the same time, my mouth and throat were wrapped around First You’s smooth shaft. So many cocks, all the same! Oh God, it was heaven!”“You were both so deep inside me—in my dream, it was almost like you were going to meet in the middle. And my orgasm kept building and building—oh, fuck, kiss me!” she moans.Lucy grabs my face and plants her lips on mine, pushing her tongue into my mouth. Her hips buck as she rides a wave of her orgasms.I can’t hold back either. It’s all I can do to quickly straddle her and pull her nightgown down so I can shoot my seed across her bare breasts.I lean in to kiss her. “That was one hot dream,” I say. “Nothing like a little healthy fantasy to start the day.”