I have 20 previous MarriageHeat submissions, all of which describe lovemaking sessions between E and me.  However, this story is a fantasy that I would love to have come true soon.  The basis for this fantasy has come from the following question I have been contemplating.If I knew I was only going to have one more climax EVER before God calls me home, how would it come to be.  I hope you enjoy.Out of ironic timing, the morning prior, each of us had shaven our intimate areas completely smooth.  There is something extra special when her pussy is glisteningly wet and smooth.  Similarly, when my balls and shaft are finely manicured, E usually offers her best and most enthusiastic oral play.While there was an intention of a lovemaking session that previous evening, E was too tired and decided to turn in early.  I was horny but knew she was spent, so I kissed her goodnight and stayed up a bit later, eventually going to bed around 11:30.  The house was a bit humid, and my balls were aching a bit from my unfulfilled need. I decided to ditch my customary cotton shorts and went to bed wearing a t-shirt and naked down below.  Sleeping naked next to my spouse ramps up my arousal even further. But eventually, I did fall asleep.With the warmth of Autumn filling the house, I was hot and must have peeled off about 70% of the covers as I slept.  In the morning hours, my subconscious hears noises in the master bath which must be E using the restroom.   I ignore them and remain in my deep sleep.  Later, I vaguely feel a slight push on my exposed hip and my shoulder, as if to roll me on my back. My eyes start to slowly flicker open when I notice the feel of soft hands pressing against my balls.Even though still sleeping, I gasp from the wonder of this touch.  My pelvis is near the edge of the bed, and while a hand massages my balls, the light feel of a tongue circles their underside and my perineum.  I start to wake, and I realize with complete clarity that I am being pleasured by my bride.  Turning toward the clock with one eye open, I see it is 4:45 AM.   E must have noticed how accessible and ready my jewels are and started to take advantage.E continues with extreme patience, rolling her tongue all over me. The restraint she demonstrated during this pleasure offering is incredible.  She ignores direct touch to my growing shaft, now pulling one of my testicles in her mouth and allowing her lips to roll across it while holding the other.  Soon she shifts gears, pulling the other in her mouth while lightly grasping the first with two fingertips and her thumb.  This pattern continues for some time as I lie in complete relaxation.  I glance at the clock, and it’s now 5:05.   Is it possible she has been at this for 20 minutes and has only grazed my now completely hard cock?Finally, her lips and tongue start to make their way up.  Her lips find the head of my cock and wrap around the head only.  She holds this position for a few minutes, treating me like her lollipop.  Her hands now rest on my hips as she slowly extends her work, using only those beautiful lips.  No other touch is involved, just the exquisite feel of wetness applying light pressure all around my cock head.  My light moans start to turn into groans, and I squirm a bit to show my approval.  I glance at the clock again and it’s now 5:20 AM.  I can’t believe E has been offering this ecstasy for 35 minutes already.All of a sudden, I realize she has stepped away.  I can’t feel her touching me or her presence around me anymore. The sound of E in the master bath closet filters through.  I turn my head and see her naked silhouette coming back over to me.  As she kneels at my pelvis again, I feel her lubricated fingertips massaging the underside of my balls but then making their way south to my asshole.  E lightly massages me there for a couple of minutes as my groans continue, and my body is clay in her hands.Eventually one of her fingers enters, and as she probes, my cock gets even harder.  I can feel pre-cum starting to ooze slightly.  A buzzing sound starts, as a bullet vibrator enters my ass.  E’s lips are now back to peppering my cock head, with the bullet vibe probing me and sending shivers of delight through every inch of my body.  I start to feel my urge build, but she continues to take her time. This delicate, patient lovemaking she is showing me is unlike any other feeling.  I glance at the clock again; this time it reads 5:42.This is not a sprint, but a test of stamina that I am loving.  She pulls her lips off my cock, but now puts a bit more pressure on the bullet vibe.  My ever-so-relaxed body takes it in further.  E holds the bullet at that spot while taking my balls into her mouth again, just holding them and enjoying their placement.  I start to raise my pelvis, signaling that she is the master of my body.Suddenly, with my asshole in full vibration mode,  her mouth devours my cock entirely.  The wetness of her mouth and touch are out of this world.  I let out a long deep groan of approval.As E tastes more of my pre-cum, she realizes my climax is near.  She pulls herself onto the bed, straddling and hovering over me. Taking hold of my cock, she uses me as her personal toy.  She grinds her pussy against my shaft, being completely intentional about how she uses her body for our pleasure.  My build-up right now is at proportions I have never felt.  I am so close to cumming, and she knows it.She teases as she lowers her body onto my shaft, then pulls off. Repeating this several times, I hear E’s moans get louder.  I am about to go beyond the point of no return.  She lowers herself onto me a few inches and then starts into jackhammer mode.  Her full pelvis drops on my cock; pulls up, then drops again; pulls up, drops again; pulls up, drops again; pulls up… and just as she starts to drop again, I explode, shooting cum deep inside of her as our pelvis’s lock.   I scream “Yes!” and as my load empties, E’s body trembles and shakes from the pleasure she has offered and been given in return.It’s a once-in-a-lifetime climax.