We went to Church today. Sleeping in left no time for lovemaking before church, as usually happens. We hoped to make love after church.During chapel I was feeling kind of off. I had to go outside to cool off during the last third of the meeting. Then I sat in the foyer considering going home.I had a thought that I attributed to the Holy Spirit. The thought was, “If you’re feeling too ill to go to Sunday school then you are too ill to make love later.”Needless to say, I stayed for Sunday school with my lovely and faith-filled wife. The air circulation was better in the Sunday school room and I had no more problems. It was a good lesson about prayer and I was glad I stayed!After we got home I stripped and shaved my face because my wife likes smooth skin on skin when we kiss and when I feast on her glorious breasts.I had been planning to do one of two sexy role-plays I had written up but I decided that I wasn’t feeling up to it. But little did I know that the cute sexy wife had her OWN sexy plans!When I walked out of the shower I was stunned to see my Melody rocking a bright red open cup, open crotch teddy! She began to twerk and cup her full D-cup breasts! I had my cell phone in my hand and I began to take photos and videos!“Do you like it?” she asked me as she arched her back, making her voluptuous boobs stick out even more.She was clearly uber-wired! She is an absolute vixen when she is wired like this! Her large breasts were so beautifully framed by the red lace teddy. Her moist vulva seemed to gleam through the opening over her pussy.She ran her fingers over her nipples and pinched them and said in her sultry voice, “You like it when I pinch them and make my nipples hard so they stick out. I know you do!”I was kinda speechless but I managed to say, “You know I do! They are beautiful! I love your tits, your boobs, your pussy; I love you!”“I love you too,” she replied. Then she thrust her pelvis forward and began stroking her pussy lips and clit.“How about this? Do you like this?” She now was sliding one then two fingers into her cunt.“I REALLY like that!” I replied.We had a doggy interlude. No, not doggy style sex. Our little doggy had been in his kennel but he jumped up in the bed with a mini-tennis ball in his mouth and Melody started throwing it for him. He’d bring it back and drop it on the bed or make her pull it out of his mouth. You may think this is weird but marriage and marriage sex has lots of fun times that are not just about sex, so I didn’t complain. Besides, watching my sexy wife bend over to get the tennis ball made her big boobs dangle adorably. Then as the dog retrieved the ball Melody would pose – arching her back – with her breasts turned one way then the other. I was pumping my rod as I filmed and photographed the fun.It really was so much fun to watch – and sexy too – in an admittedly weird sort of way. But weird in this situation was different and different is good! We have found that finding different things to do in our sexual relationship is a boost to it. (More on that later.)Finally I ordered the doggy back into his kennel and he obeyed. He is trained and he usually leaves us alone during sex.I sat on my side of the bed and Melody went back to twerking. She was touching tits, then her clit, and it was my favorite show. I was filming clips of her and I was taking pictures as well.Finally she crawled onto the bed. “The dreaded craw!” I joked. Her boobies with hard nipples were pointing down reaching for the bed. I would bet that most husbands would agree that their wife crawling towards them in lingerie or in the nude is a terribly sexy sight! It sure is for me!She reached me, then threw herself onto her back. Soon she was again stroking her tits and pussy. She also went back to sliding her fingers in and out of her pussy. She went in the full length of her index and tall finger. It was soooo sexy. I filmed her whole body writhing on the bed and focused in for a close-up on her pussy and thrusting fingers.“You’re finger fucking yourself!” I exclaimed.This was not totally new but it was pretty rare! She pulled her slick, shining fingers out of her pussy and said, “For you! Ya want a taste?” Then she stuck her soaking fingers into my mouth. What a lovely taste!“Mmmmmm!” I said. “It makes me wanna lick your pussy,” I said.“I’m too sore for that,” Melody said. “But give me the vibrator.”I had just got to have a taste of her biological pussy-lube so I didn’t complain. Besides, HER stroking her pussy and finger fucking herself, and me filming her doing this was new and different! And new and different are good! So I said, “Not yet,” – referring to giving her the vibrator. “I wanna have fun with your boobies.”Taking some AloeCadabra creamsicle flavored lube, I mixed it with coconut oil then rubbed the mixture all over Melody’s boobs. I kneeled by her then I massaged her shining breasts. Then I commenced “tip on nip.” So this means that I pumped my hard cock with my oily hand and rubbed my tip and my whole cock all over her breasts. Using my whole cock to rub her titties was new.Finally I gave her the iVibe vibrator as I continued pumping my cock and rubbing her tits. I filmed her enjoying everything. I also began to rub my balls on her breasts as I pumped my rod inches from her face. We had done this last week and so this wasn’t new. Neither was what happened next.I had barely begun rubbing my balls on her tits. I paused to take another photo and Melody arched her back and began to tremble. “I’m coming!” she breathed out in her sex-crazed voice.“Already?” I asked surprised. The same thing happened last week so I guess I shouldn’t have been surprised by her fast orgasm.I quickly resumed rubbing my glans all over her nearest hard nipple and aroused areola. Her orgasm continued to rock her body for an unusually long time.I really enjoyed this part of the show. Of course now I was an active participant. I thought of coming on her tits but I knew how great it was to plunge my dick into her pulsating pussy. I knew that she enjoyed this too. Commencing sexual intercourse right after she has cum shoots her back up to a type of second orgasm. It feels awesome to me as well.So I slid down into our “go to” X position (on my side facing my dick into her wet pussy and her lying on her back). As seems to frequently happen I got tangled in my oxygen tubing. But I was so turned on my erection stayed mostly hard and fast.“Dang!” I exclaimed as I untangled myself. “I wanted to go inside you while you were still pulsating.”“I’m still going!” she said, reassuring me. “Now fuck me now!”“You want me to fuck you hard?” I asked.Her vagina has been a bit sensitive lately so she said, “Maybe not super hard at first. After a few seconds the stinging goes away… but fuck my puuuussssy now!”She doesn’t even use the F word that much so her saying that got me back to completely hard. I was hopeful she still had her pulsating pussy going.I was soon NOT disappointed. Neither was she. I had no desire to go slow. She had me wired as much as she was. I parted the now wet fabric near Melody’s horny pussy & I lined my cock up with her love-tunnel.I began slowly then transitioned to fast hard lovemaking- that really can only be called a hard-pounding fuck! It felt sooo good – to both of us!!! I really did hold back just a little at first. But once we started fucking she was no longer uncomfortable and wanted it bad!Melody squeezed my cock with her pussy in her ultimate passionate Kegal muscles hug. I knew that a shorter time inside her may be helpful. Her pussy pulsations increased and I did not delay – I came like a train!!!! I shot a huge load of cum deep inside her throbbing pussy! Her pussy reacted with more throbbing as she felt my seed erupting inside her hungry pussy.Afterwards, while in deep afterglow we cuddled and talked. “Wow!” I said. “Now that is some REAL motivation to stay alive!” I gave her a peck on the lips and I said, “I love you so much!”“I love you too,” she purred. “And don’t talk like that! You’re going to be fine! The surgeons will be inspired to know just what to do and we’ll be coming home the next day!”“That’s my girl!” I said. Always being positive and full of faith!” Then I chuckled and said, “But ya gotta admit that if that was our last time making love in mortality- it was a doozy! We went out with a bang!” Melody was laughing then.We decided that we were completely spent and totally satisfied so it was a one & done day. But we felt such tremendous satisfaction and love for each other. An intense married sex session is so fulfilling and, yes, bonding! Again, it can be called fucking but it is still fulfilling passionate lovemaking. Cum to think of it, Melody had a big orgasm in foreplay and a second less intense but fulfilling orgasm while we were fucking. So it was one and a half and done for her… and a one and done for me.So, my story is 100% real. I included the realities of senior sex. And, I did not even mention us not kissing on the lips (like we usually do) because Melody sometimes gets sores in her mouth due to the chemo she has to be on for life. Her cancer is treatable but the meds do have some side effects.I am typing this up Sunday afternoon. On Tuesday I have surgery.Melody and I have been greatly blessed! Someday (hopefully in the distant future) we will each face our Maker. If I whine to Jesus about my lifetime of health challenges then He will just say, “I gave you Melody.” Enough said! That will remind me of how much my life was blessed by this kind, intelligent, beautiful, and, yes, very sexy woman. I think that this story testifies of that. And friends, although this is a true story, I can only put in part of all the wonderful details.By the way, Shutterstock did not have any pictures of an all red open cup teddy, so I settled for a beautiful busty model wearing a red closed cup teddy. The model in her lingerie is beautiful but to me she doesn’t hold a candle to my wife in her open cup open crotch teddy this afternoon!