In my first story, I told of my wife’s enjoyment of pleasing me with my nylon fetish. I also shared about getting testosterone injections and changing from Viagra to Tadalifil. This has boosted my drive again at 52 years of age. My wife is 49, and she has had a sexual drive boost as well from taking pre-menopause supplements.She joined me on one of my numerous speaking ministry trips. As we returned to the hotel, I could tell we were going to have more passion in our suite.It was later in the afternoon, and she had showered in the morning. She knows I love her sweet vagina to have that wonderful womanly scent to turn me on. She said she thought about us often during the day. This led to several instances of producing wetness from her amazing, stunningly beautiful pussy.   She keeps the hair around it shaved short with just a thin line above her labia. The black swimsuit she just purchased was a bikini but with a skirt that came down over the bottoms.She had me get into the Jacuzzi with her. Unfortunately, it was in the indoor pool area, but no one else was there. So she sat in my lap, straddling me. I was kissing all over her neck and almost driving her to orgasm.   Before we went back to our suite, she faced me with my back against the Jacuzzi bench. The jets were swirling around us. She pressed and pounded her lower torso against me, grinding on my cock like a lap dance.    The more my face showed that I enjoyed it, the more she did it.  I was almost at the point of no return. She told me, “Not just yet.”,As we entered our suite, she asked me to wait in the living room area; she had to get ready.  After several minutes, she called me to the bedroom.   She lay on the bed, nude, with black thigh highs on for me.  Her painted red fingernails stroked the glistening slit of her pussy.  I loved looking at my wife of 27 years and knowing how blessed I am. I removed my clothes and lay down beside her.As soon as I did, she immediately began kissing me passionately.  This went on for over 20 minutes.  We just kissed and gently explored each other with soft touches.  She had me lie on my back and straddled my body.  With her head facing my feet, she climbed on for a night of 69.I will tell you her first initial, which is L.  My wife, L, began pressing her vagina towards me until she found my nostrils.   She kept pushing against my nose until her labia opened. Then her hot cunt opened up, and my nose went partially into her moist entrance.  The smell of her musky scent with the remants of a little pee smell had me lost in ecstasy.What she had in mind again most pleasantly surprised me.  L said to me, “You love the smell of my pussy, don’t you, baby?  I want you to bathe me with your tongue and mouth until I cum over and over.  It’s going to be amazing for both of us.  I have a little plan that you are going to love.  It’s even turning me on thinking about it.”She pushed her moist, waiting vagina from my nose to my mouth, and I began to flick her clit with my tongue, moving it from the clit to her entrance.“Open me up, baby,” L said.I opened her pussy with my fingers and entered her love pit with my tongue—the love pit which my cock impregnated four times and shot its fluid into hundreds of times before.   L was moaning like crazy with her sweet soft moans. She was also bucking her thighs against my ears.The next thing she did was mind-blowing.  She has been surprising me so much.  I felt something unusual sliding onto the head and shaft of my cock.  L slid the pantyhose she had worn against her pussy a few hours the day before onto me. She put the cotton crotch, where her vagina had been, directly over my cock.  Then she stuck my cock in her mouth and took it back almost to her throat, nearly gagging at first because the cloth made it a mouthful.  Once she got used to the nylon on my member, she gave me the best cock sucking I ever had.  L started sucking and also taking time to swirl the tip of her tongue around my cock.It felt wonderful as I flicked my tongue in and out of her pussy and back to her clit.  L was also in a state of ecstasy as well.  She paused for a moment to tell me the smell her scent on my cock as she sucked excited her.  I ate my wife’s sweet pussy and enjoyed her scent.  We played for a long time as I rubbed her nylon-clad toes and feet.  I moved my hands to both sides of her butt while my tongue continued on her pussy.  She began her first climax, and moments later her second; finally L had a third one.When she started her third orgasm, her sucking on my cock became most intense. I felt my orgasm shoot through me like dynamite, flowing through the fibers of the nylon into my wife’s sweet mouth. Unlike numerous times in the past, my cock stayed hard instead of going limp. My wife removed her mouth, and the cum- and saliva-soaked pantyhose from my cock.   With my member still dripping, I positioned myself behind her and slid my hardness into her wet cunt.We rode each other for another three minutes, and both climaxed one more time each. I shot one last stream into her pussy as L’s last orgasm brought tears running down her face. She said, “Baby, I love you more and more every day.”